Below are some documents. I will give you a text at the end. Please find the document index of the text. Only give me the index without any document contents.

Document 7942032:
Nickey line
The Nickey line (also known as the Harpenden to Hemel Hempstead branch railway) is a disused railway that once linked the towns of Hemel Hempstead and, initially, Luton but later Harpenden via Redbourn, in Hertfordshire, England. The course of most of the railway has been redeveloped as a cycle and walking path, and is part of the Oxford to Welwyn Garden City route of the National Cycle Network. It is approximately nine miles (14 km) long.

Document 3929930:
Ang Lee
Ang Lee  (; born October 23, 1954) is a Taiwanese film director, screenwriter and producer.

Document 6949960:
Operation Teapot
Operation Teapot was a series of fourteen nuclear test explosions conducted at the Nevada Test Site in the first half of 1955. It was preceded by "Operation Castle", and followed by "Operation Wigwam". "Wigwam" was, administratively, a part of "Teapot", but it is usually treated as a class of its own. The aims of the operation were to establish military tactics for ground forces on a nuclear battlefield and to improve the nuclear weapons used for strategic delivery.

Document 6316357:
Pedro Joaquin Mendoza Caballero
Pedro Joaquin Mendoza was born in San Marcos de Colón on September 18, 1966. From a young age he demonstrated his extraordinary painting abilities. He studied in San Marcos, in the southern part of Honduras, and in 1983 he moved to Tegucigalpa with the desire to dedicate himself to professional painting.

Document 8908133:
Lady in a Jam
Lady in a Jam is a 1942 film comedy directed by Gregory La Cava and starring Irene Dunne, Patric Knowles, Ralph Bellamy and Eugene Pallette.

Document 6224943:
Dion Dublin
Dion Dublin (born 22 April 1969) is an English former footballer and television presenter. Born in Leicester and of Nigerian descent, he was capped four times for England. Dublin started his career as a centre-back with Norwich City, but made his name at Cambridge United as a centre-forward. He had spells with Norwich City, Cambridge United, Manchester United, Coventry City, Millwall, Aston Villa, Leicester City and Celtic.

Document 8479960:
Jenny Hoyston
Jenny Hoyston is the vocalist, guitarist, and trumpeter of the San Francisco, CA, USA political punk and no wave band Erase Errata and the Houston, TX damaged funk and psych band Vacation Eyes. She also works as a solo artist and with William Elliott Whitmore under the monikers Paradise Island and Hallways of Always respectively.

Document 3303715:
Amycus (centaur)
In Greek mythology, Amycus (Greek: Ἄμυκος ) was a male centaur. Amycus was the son of Ophion. There is not much known about Amycus, but he is said to have been involved in the Centauromachy, a battle between the centaurs and the Lapith people; this battle is what the centaurs are best known for. The battle took place during the wedding of the King of the Lapithae, Pirithous, and his wife Hippodamia. Amycus' involvement in this battle is recognized in the "Metamorphoses", written by the Roman poet Ovid. In this work, it is noted that Amycus, along with many other centaurs, was invited to and attended the wedding that turned into a bloody battle. The centaurs become drunk on wine and attempted to take Hippodamia, along with other Lapith women, as they pleased. Eurytus, a centaur, could not control himself when the bride, Hippodamia, was presented; he attempted to kidnap and rape her. He inspired all the drunken centaurs to attack and violate the Lapith women. Theseus, a friend of Pirithous, stopped the centaur Eurytus, unilimally killing him resulting in the first blood of the battle. Amycus's role in this battle is of great importance; he was responsible for the first death of one of the Lapith people. Driven with anger due to the death of the loved centaur Eurytus, Amycus smashed the head of innocent Lapith Celadon with a candlestick. Pelates from Pella clubbed him to death using a leg from a maple table, sending Amycus down to the underworld Tartarus. These were the first deaths of the battle between the centaurs and the Lapith people. The Lapiths ultimately defeated the centaurs and drove them from Thessaly to the northwest.

Document 3739533:
Jason Margolis
Jason Margolis is a Canadian filmmaker and writer. He is supervising producer and writer on "The Electric Playground", a tech and entertainment series seen on television in Canada, United States and Australia. His directing work includes the television series "Tube Tales: TV's Real Stories", the documentary "Ayaa: A Hero's Journey" and the feature film "Lucky Stars". He won the National Screen Institute's Totally Television award for creating the comedy series Uncorked with filmmaker Rob Wenzek and the BC Film Kickstart Award for his short film After Shock. His screenplay The Great One (formerly titled 99), co-authored with Todd Babiak, won a Praxis Screenwriting Fellowship. His motion picture editing work includes the documentaries Inside Boystown and K-9 Corrections, several television series, and the feature film "Crossing". As an instructor, Jason taught writing and directing at Vancouver Film School, and as a journalist, his work has appeared in Vancouver Magazine and Vue Weekly.

Document 5631287:
Robert Eenhoorn
Robert Franciscus Eenhoorn (born February 9, 1968) is a retired Dutch professional baseball player and manager. He played four seasons of Major League Baseball as a utility infielder for the New York Yankees and California/Anaheim Angels. On September 27, 1997, Eenhoorn became the first Dutch-born player to hit a home run in the Major Leagues since Jack Lelivelt in 1912. The feat was later repeated by Greg Halman and Didi Gregorius. (All other Dutch MLB players to have hit home runs were born elsewhere, mainly in the country's Caribbean territories, most notably the Curaçao natives Andruw Jones and Hensley Meulens.) Eenhoorn played for the Triple-A Norfolk Tides of the New York Mets organization in 1998.

Document 8990039:
Tonnerre de Zeus
Tonnerre de Zeus is a roller coaster at Parc Astérix in Plailly, France. Opened in 1997 and built by Custom Coasters International, it is as of today the 2nd longest wooden coaster in Europe, after Colossos, with a track length of 1230m (4044 feet). This coaster is also the second wooden roller coaster built in France after Walygator Parc's "Anaconda", and the second massive roller coaster of the park after "Goudurix", which was built since the park's opening in 1989. These two roller coasters were followed by "la Trace du Hourra" in 2001, and "OzIris" in 2012. No other wooden roller coaster was built in the hexagon until Walibi Rhône-Alpes' "Timber" in 2016.

Document 2545582:
NBA All-Defensive Team
The NBA All-Defensive Team is an annual National Basketball Association (NBA) honor given since the 1968–69 NBA season to the best defensive players during the regular season. The All-Defensive Team is generally composed of two five-man lineups, a first and a second team, comprising a total of 10 roster spots. Voting is conducted by a panel of 123 writers and broadcasters. Prior to the 2013–14 NBA season, voting was performed by the NBA head coaches, who were restricted from voting for players on their own team. The players each receive two points for each first team vote and one point for each second team vote. The top five players with the highest point total make the first team, with the next five making the second team. In the case of a tie at the fifth position of either team, the roster is expanded. If the first team consists of six players due to a tie, the second team will still consist of five players with the potential for more expansion in the event of additional ties. Ties have occurred several times, most recently in 2013 when Tyson Chandler and Joakim Noah tied in votes received.

Document 8388951:
Gozo Aqueduct
The Gozo Aqueduct is an aqueduct on the island of Gozo, Malta. It was built by the British between 1839 and 1843 to transport water from Għar Ilma in the limits of Kerċem to the capital Victoria. A reservoir was built within the ditch of the Cittadella to store water. An obelisk was built near the reservoirs to commemorate the opening of the aqueduct.

Document 9205877:
Lin Tucci
Lin Tucci (born February 8, 1960) is an American actress. Tucci is known for her performance as Henrietta "Mama" Bazoom in the film "Showgirls" (1995). She also performed in the number of theatre productions, and co-starred in several films.

Document 7133460:
Snow Queen (2002 film)
Snow Queen is a 2002 made-for-television film made by Hallmark Entertainment, directed by David Wu, and based on the story "The Snow Queen" by Hans Christian Andersen. The film stars Bridget Fonda as the title character and Chelsea Hobbs as her rival and the story's heroine, Gerda. The film originally aired on Hallmark Channel as a two-part miniseries, but has since been released as a full-length film on DVD in the United States. The DVD came out on November 9, 2009, in the United Kingdom, and on September 2, 2011, in Australia. This was Bridget Fonda's last acting role to date.

Document 3356654:
Frozen Ever After
Frozen Ever After is a dark water ride attraction in Epcot at the Walt Disney World Resort. Part of the Norway Pavilion of the park's World Showcase section, the attraction features scenes inspired by Disney's 2013 animated film "Frozen" as well as the 2015 animated short "Frozen Fever". It opened on June 21, 2016 and replaced the former Maelstrom attraction, utilizing the same ride vehicles and a similar track layout.

Document 1574162:
Siegbert Wirth
Siegbert M. Wirth (October 26, 1929 – October 12, 1999) was a U.S. soccer player who was a member of the U.S. soccer team at the 1956 Summer Olympics. He played his college soccer at Syracuse University in 1950 and then again from 1952 to 1955. Following his graduation from Syracuse, he entered the U.S. military. While he was a member of the Olympic soccer team, he did not enter a game during the tournament. In 1990, he took over as head coach of the Mynderse Academy Varsity Boys Soccer Team where he took a team that won 2 games the previous season to the league championship. He coached Mynderse for the next 6 years.

Document 3546321:
Hanuman Patal Vijay
Hanuman Patal Vijay (Hindi: हनुमान पाताल विजय , "Hanuman's Victory Over Hell") is a 1951 Hindi mythological film directed by Homi Wadia for his Basant Pictures banner. Meena Kumari starred in this devotional film with S. N. Tripathi playing the role of Hanuman. Following her career as a child actress Meena Kumari did heroine roles in mythologies made by Basant Pictures and directed by Homi Wadia. She had an extremely successful career for some years playing goddesses before her big commercial break in "Baiju Bawra" (1951). S. N. Tripathi besides acting in the film also composed the music. His costars were Meena Kumari, Mahipal, Niranjan Sharma, Dalpat and Amarnath.

Document 9501071:
Kärlekslåtar (Lorentz album)
Kärlekslåtar is the solodebut studio album by the Swedish recording artist Lorentz. After two albums released with his younger brother, Sakarias Berger as the previously Grammis-awarded duo Lorentz & Sakarias, he debuted as a solo artist in 2014. The title "Kärlekslåtar" is Swedish for "Love songs", the songs are written in Swedish, including some few terms and expressions in English. He got a Grammis award "Best HipHop/Soul of The Year", for his work of the album.

Document 9347594:
Abby the Spoon Lady
Abby the Spoon Lady (born October 29, 1981 in Wichita, Kansas), born Abby Roach, is an American musician, radio personality, and free speech activist. Her music focuses on the American roots genre. She tours with one man band Chris Rodrigues.

Document 8033665:
Møre (newspaper)
Møre is a local Norwegian newspaper published once a week in Smøla in Møre og Romsdal county.

Document 4064939:
2011–12 QMJHL season
The 2011–12 QMJHL season was the 43rd season of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (QMJHL). The regular season, which consisted of seventeen teams playing 68 games each, began in September 2011 and ended in March 2012. This season was Blainville-Boisbriand Armada's first season in the league, as the team relocated to Boisbriand from Verdun where they played as the Montreal Junior Hockey Club from 2008 to 2011. The league lost one of his charter teams when the Lewiston Maineiacs folded during after the previous season, the QMJHL later announce an expansion team to Sherbrooke for the 2012-2013 season. In the playoffs, the Saint John Sea Dogs became the seventh team in league history to capture consecutive President's Cup championships.

Document 3487789:
Out of the Fog (TV series)
Out of the Fog is a 30-minute American mystery television anthology series. Thirteen episodes aired on the American Broadcasting Company from April 7, 1952 to September 22, 1952. It aired alternately with "Mr. District Attorney" (TV series) through the end of June.

Document 4046519:
John Trewick
John Trewick (born 3 June 1957) is an English football coach and former midfielder. He was first team coach at Hereford United from 2004 to 2009. After the relegation of Hereford United to League Two, Trewick assumed the role of manager from Graham Turner, but he was dismissed from the Hereford manager's post on 8 March 2010.

Document 3019277:
Edsel Auctioneer
The Edsel Auctioneer were a band formed in Leeds in 1988 by Ashley Horner (guitar/ vocals), Phil Pettler (bass/ vocals), Aidan Winterburn (vocals, guitar) and Chris Cooper (drums). They were named after the ill-fated Ford automobile whose front grille was supposed to have resembled a woman's pudenda. Best friends with Pale Saints, they lived on the same street in Leeds, Harold Avenue (which spawned the so-called Voice of the Harolds).

Document 1366612:
Joseph Carter Abbott
Joseph Carter Abbott (July 15, 1825October 8, 1881) was a Union Army colonel during the American Civil War who was awarded the grade of brevet brigadier general of volunteers and a Republican United States Senator from the state of North Carolina between 1868 and 1871. During his career in private life he was a lawyer, newspaper editor and businessman. He also served as collector of the port of Wilmington, inspector of posts along the eastern line of the southern coast during the Rutherford B. Hayes Administration, and special agent of the United States Treasury Department.

Document 2862787:
Inside Deep Throat
Inside Deep Throat is a 2005 American documentary film about the 1972 pornographic film "Deep Throat", at the forefront of the Golden Age of Porn, and its effects on American society.

Document 6416968:
The Blueprint
The Blueprint is the sixth studio album by American rapper Jay-Z, released on September 11, 2001, by Roc-A-Fella Records and Def Jam Recordings. Its release was set a week earlier than initially planned in order to combat bootlegging. Recording sessions for the album took place during 2001 at Manhattan Center Studios and Baseline Studios in New York City. Contrasting the radio-friendly sound of Jay-Z's previous work, "The Blueprint" features soul-based sampling and production handled primarily by Kanye West, Just Blaze and Bink, as well as Timbaland, Trackmasters and Eminem, who also contributes the album's sole guest verse.

Document 6013965:
Flooding and flood control in Tulsa
The combination of topographic and climatic factors in the Tulsa area have frequently caused major flash flooding, especially near streams that normally drain the area. The city was founded atop a bluff on the Arkansas River. Thus, elevation protected most of the inhabitants and their possessions from damage when the river flooded. However, by the turn of the 20th Century the population growth had moved closer to the river, and the flatlands west of the Arkansas had begun to develop as well. The floods typically caused widespread property damage and sometimes death. By the 1920s, seasonal floods of the Arkansas began to cause serious damage and loss of life. Since its founding, city leaders had responded to such events by simply rebuilding and replacing the property that had been destroyed "in situ". Not until 1970 did the city government begin developing strategies to mitigate floods or at least minimize property damage and prevent loss of life. This article describes some of the more notable floods in Tulsa, then the mitigation and control strategies that evolved from them.

Document 9665368:
Gary Alexander (martial art pioneer)
Gary Alexander is an American martial artist, karate fighter, author and actor. He was Black Belt Magazine's Co-Instructor of the Year (1974) and is known as the "First International Bare Knuckle Contact Karate Champion.

Document 6423586:
Absolute Power (film)
Absolute Power is a 1997 American political thriller film produced by, directed by, and starring Clint Eastwood as a master jewel thief who witnesses the killing of a woman by Secret Service agents. The screenplay by William Goldman is based on the 1996 novel "Absolute Power" by David Baldacci. Screened at the 1997 Cannes Film Festival, the film also stars Gene Hackman, Ed Harris, Laura Linney, Judy Davis, Scott Glenn and Dennis Haysbert. It was also the last screen appearance of E. G. Marshall.

Document 9159725:
Kujō Tadaie
Kujō Tadaie (九条 忠家 , 1229 – 1275) , son of regent Norizane, was a "kugyō" or Japanese court noble of the Kamakura period. He held regent positions kampaku from 1273 to 1274 and sessho in 1274. Tadanori and Kujō Tadatsugu (九条 忠嗣 , 1253-?) were his sons born by a daughter of Sanjō Kinfusa.

Document 1674994:
2006–07 QMJHL season
The 2006–07 QMJHL season was the 38th season in the history of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League. The regular season ran from September 14, 2006 to March 18, 2007. Eighteen teams played 70 games each in the schedule. The Lewiston Maineiacs finished first overall in the regular season winning their first Jean Rougeau Trophy. Lewiston won 16 playoff games, losing only one, en route to their first President's Cup, defeating the Val-d'Or Foreurs in the finals.

Document 3553581:
One Last Dance (R5 song)
"One Last Dance" is a song by American pop rock band R5, taken from their debut album "Louder". It was released as the third and last single off the album on May 30, 2014.

Document 3892727:
Bob DeCourcy
Robert Phillip DeCourcy (June 12, 1927 – March 25, 2012) was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played in one National Hockey League game for the New York Rangers during the 1947–48 NHL season. He died in Alliston, Ontario, on March 25, 2012, at the age of 84. DeCourcy played with the New York Rovers of the Eastern Hockey League. His lone NHL game came on November 12, 1947 against the Boston Bruins. He replaced regular Rangers goalie Chuck Rayner and played 29 minutes, giving up six goals.

Document 1654157:
Gregory La Cava
Gregory La Cava (March 10, 1892 – March 1, 1952) was an American film director best known for his films of the 1930s, including "My Man Godfrey" and "Stage Door", which earned him nominations for Academy Award for Best Director.

Document 1457958:
Dan Miller (guitarist)
Dan Miller (born October 3, 1967) is an American musician and songwriter. He has toured and recorded with the alternative rock duo They Might Be Giants since late 1998. Generally, Miller plays guitars for the band. Prior to joining TMBG, he performed with the groups Edith O and Lincoln. Having left Lincoln for personal reasons in 1998, he was contacted by John Flansburgh, who offered him a spot as lead guitarist for They Might Be Giants' Fall 1998 tour. He has also toured with John Flansburgh as Mono Puff's guitarist in the late 1990s, and played on bandmate John Linnell's "State Songs" tour.

Document 3724178:
Aaron Montgomery Ward
Aaron Montgomery Ward (February 17, 1844 – December 7, 1913) was an American entrepreneur based in Chicago who made his fortune through the use of mail order for retail sales of general merchandise to rural customers. In 1872 he founded Montgomery Ward & Company, which became nationally known.

Document 2884667:
Carlton Cricket Club
Carlton Cricket Club is an Australian cricket team that competes in the Victorian Premier Cricket competition. The club was formed in 1864 and plays its home matches at Princes Park in North Carlton. Known as the Blues, Carlton has won eight First XI premierships, most recently in the 2006–2007 season. Famous past players include Bill Woodfull, Dean Jones, Keith Stackpole, Abdul Qadir and Carl Hooper.

Document 4089357:
Jacqueline West
Jacqueline West is an American costume designer whose work has been recognized in numerous films such as "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button", "The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen", "Quills", "State of Play", "The Tree of Life", "Seventh Son", and "The Revenant".

Document 7037423:
Textron AirLand Scorpion
The Textron AirLand Scorpion is an American jet aircraft proposed for sale to perform light attack and Intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance (ISR) duties. It is being developed by Textron AirLand, a joint venture between Textron and AirLand Enterprises. A prototype was secretly constructed by Cessna at their Wichita, Kansas facility between April 2012 and September 2013 and first flown on 12 December 2013.

Document 7076771:
Pune Suburban Railway
Pune Suburban Railway, also known as Pune Suburban Service or Pune Local Railway, is a suburban rail system connecting Pune to its suburbs and neighboring villages in Pune District, Maharashtra. It is operated by Central Railway (CR). Pune's suburban railway operates on two routes, i.e. from Pune Junction to Lonavla and from Pune Junction to Talegaon. There are 5 trains which operate on Pune Junction - Talegaon route while 18 trains operate on Pune Junction - Lonavla route.

Document 6487324:
Nicholas Mele
Nicholas Mele is an actor who has starred in many movies and on television. His first movie role was in the 1976 movie "The Ritz". Other movie roles include "Some Kind of Hero" (1982) and "Young Doctors in Love" (1982). His most well-known film role was in the 1988 hit horror movie "" as Dennis Johnson. A year later, he reprised his role in the hit sequel "". His most recent movie is the 2003 film "The Great Gabble".

Document 7963833:
Craigslist
Craigslist (stylized as craigslist) is an American classified advertisements website with sections devoted to jobs, housing, personals, for sale, items wanted, services, community, gigs, résumés, and discussion forums.

Document 8230086:
Chat (mining)
Chat is a term for fragments of siliceous rock, limestone, and dolomite waste rejected in the lead-zinc milling operations that accompanied lead-zinc mining in the first half of the 20th century. Historic lead and zinc mining in the Midwestern United States was centered in two major areas: the Tri-State area covering more than 2500 sqmi in southwestern Missouri, southeastern Kansas, and northeastern Oklahoma and the Old Lead Belt covering about 110 sqmi in southeastern Missouri. The first recorded mining occurred in the Old Lead Belt in about 1742. The production increased significantly in both the Tri-state area and the Old Lead Belt during the mid-19th century and lasted up to 1970.

Document 3937636:
Elvis González Valencia
Elvis González Valencia (born October 12, 1980), commonly referred to by his alias El Elvis, is a suspected Mexican drug lord and high-ranking leader of the Jalisco New Generation Cartel (CJNG) and Los Cuinis, two allied criminal groups based in Jalisco. He was reportedly responsible for managing international drug trafficking operations and money laundering schemes under his brother Abigael González Valencia (alias "El Cuini") and brother-in-law Nemesio Oseguera Cervantes (alias "El Mencho").

Document 4355347:
2011 Baltimore Ravens season
The Baltimore Ravens season was the team's 16th in the National Football League and city of Baltimore, and the 14th to host home games at M&T Bank Stadium. 2011 marked one of the most successful seasons in Baltimore Ravens franchise history. The Ravens completed the season with a 12–4 record, matching their record from 2010, and winning the AFC North division title for the third time in franchise history. By earning a playoff berth in 2011, the Ravens set a franchise record by going to the postseason for four consecutive seasons.

Document 2523219:
Inga–Shaba HVDC
The Inga–Shaba EHVDC Intertie (officially: The Inga–Shaba Extra High Voltage D.C. Intertie; nickname: Inga–Shaba and also referred to as Inga–Kolwezi) is a 1700 km -long high-voltage direct current overhead electric power transmission line in the Democratic Republic of Congo, linking the Inga hydroelectric complex at the mouth of the Congo River to mineral fields in Shaba (Katanga). It was primarily constructed by Morrison-Knudsen International, an American engineering company, with the converter equipment supplied by ASEA. Construction was completed in 1982 and it cost US$900 million. The scheme was, for many years, the longest HVDC line in the world.

Document 6386706:
House of Tudor
The House of Tudor was an English royal house of Welsh origin, descended in the male line from the Tudors of Penmynydd. Tudor monarchs ruled the Kingdom of England and its realms, including their ancestral Wales and the Lordship of Ireland (later the Kingdom of Ireland) from 1485 until 1603, with five monarchs in that period. The Tudors succeeded the House of Plantagenet as rulers of the Kingdom of England, and were succeeded by the House of Stuart. The first Tudor monarch, Henry VII, descended through his mother from a legitimised branch of the English royal House of Lancaster. The Tudor family rose to power in the wake of the Wars of the Roses, which left the House of Lancaster, to which the Tudors were aligned, extinct.

Document 8876684:
Ivory Tower (Anna Abreu song)
"Ivory Tower" is a song by Finnish singer Anna Abreu from her debut studio album, "Anna Abreu" (2007). Rauli Eskolin (known professionally as Rake) wrote and produced the song along with Teemu Brunila. It is a Pop song with R&B rhythms. The song was released on 15 October 2007 in Finland, as the album's second single.

Document 2692762:
Claudia Barea
Claudia Barea Moreno (born 19 January 1994), commonly known as Congui, is a Spanish football midfielder who plays for Sporting Plaza de Argel of the Segunda División. She previously played for Primera División clubs Valencia CF and Sevilla FC. In summer 2013 she joined Sporting Plaza de Argel.

Document 3254948:
Jae Park
Park Jae-hyung (Korean: 박제형 ; born September 15, 1992), better known as Jae, is a Korean-American singer. He is best known as one of the top six finalists of the popular SBS survival program K-pop Star in its first season and later appeared on the second installment of the same program. He is the vocalist and electric guitarist of South Korean rock band DAY6.

Document 6493884:
Dante's Inferno: An Animated Epic
Dante's Inferno: An Animated Epic is a direct to DVD animated dark fantasy action film released on February 9, 2010. The film is based on "Dante's Inferno" video game which is itself loosely based on Dante's "Inferno".

Document 7537849:
Roadhouse Nights
Roadhouse Nights is a 1930 American Pre-Code gangster film. A number of sources including Sally Cline in her book "Dashiell Hammett Man of Mystery" claim it is based on the classic novel "Red Harvest" written by Dashiell Hammett (author of "The Maltese Falcon", "The Thin Man", and "The Glass Key"). However the credits of the film itself say only "An Original Screenplay by Ben Hecht." Hammett receives no mention at all (and the plots are not similar).

Document 3847768:
Allium campanulatum
Allium campanulatum is a species of wild onion known by the common name dusky onion or Sierra onion. This is a flowering plant native to the western United States from southeastern Washington and northern Oregon to southern California, and western Nevada. The dusky onion grows in foothills and mountains, especially in dry areas, such as chaparral habitats.

Document 1265919:
CCM Magazine
CCM Magazine is a twice monthly online magazine about contemporary Christian music, published by Salem Publishing, a division of Salem Communications.

Document 3065444:
Sonia Martínez
Sonia Martínez (Madrid, September 23, 1963 - September 4, 1994) was a Spanish actress and TV introducer, known by her role in the Spanish version of American educational TV broadcast 3-2-1 Contact aimed to spread Science through 12- to 14-year-old audiences. After this children-oriented TV career, Sonia also played some characters in films of the mid-1980s period, but was mainly known for being one of the earlier Spanish famous people to die as a victim of AIDS, as Rock Hudson was in the Anglo-speaking countries.

Document 8679826:
Alberto Malesani
Alberto Malesani (] ; born 5 June 1954) is an Italian association football manager and former footballer. As a manager, he is mostly remembered for his successful spell with Parma during the late 90s, where he managed to win the Coppa Italia, the UEFA Cup, and the Supercoppa Italiana.

Document 4778731:
WRXR-FM
WRXR-FM (105.5 FM) is a commercial radio station licensed to Rossville, Georgia, USA, broadcasting to the Chattanooga, Tennessee, area. WRXR broadcasts a mainstream rock music format branded as "Rock 105". WRXR was the second station in Chattanooga to start broadcasting in HD radio. Previously the call letters were used for a classic rock station in Chicago. That station became smooth jazz WNUA.

Document 5917143:
East of Eden (TV series)
East of Eden () is a 2008 South Korean television series, starring Song Seung-heon, Yeon Jung-hoon, Park Hae-jin, Lee Da-hae, Han Ji-hye, and Lee Yeon-hee. It was produced by Chorokbaem Media as a 47th Anniversary Special Project Drama for MBC, on which it aired from August 25, 2008 to March 10, 2009 on Mondays and Tuesdays at 21:55 for 56 episodes. The ₩25 billion drama tells the story of the brothers Dong-chul (Song) and Dong-wook (Yeon). Their fates diverge after the murder of their coal miner father, with one joining the mob and the other becoming a successful lawyer.

Document 2679655:
Tekken 7
Tekken 7 (鉄拳7 ) is a fighting game developed and published by Bandai Namco Entertainment. The game is the ninth installment in the "Tekken" series, and the first to make use of the Unreal Engine. "Tekken 7" had a limited arcade release in Japan in March 2015. An updated arcade version, Tekken 7: Fated Retribution, was released in Japan in July 2016, and features expanded content including new stages, costumes, items and characters. The same version was released for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One in June 2017.

Document 8169423:
Piccadilly
Piccadilly ( ) is a road in the City of Westminster, London to the south of Mayfair, between Hyde Park Corner in the west and Piccadilly Circus in the east. It is part of the A4 road that connects central London to Hammersmith, Earl's Court, Heathrow Airport and the M4 motorway westward. St James's is to the south of the eastern section, while the western section is built up only on the northern side. At just under 1 mi in length, Piccadilly is one of the widest and straightest streets in central London.

Document 7375830:
Billy Rogers
Billy Rogers (born 27 July 1990 in Scotland) is a former association football playing for the Rangers Football Club, which is based in Glasgow, Scotland.

Document 4528709:
Garden City, Kansas
Garden City is a city in and the county seat of Finney County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 26,658. The city is home to Garden City Community College and the Lee Richardson Zoo, the largest zoological park in western Kansas.

Document 4739473:
The Deep Purple Singles A's and B's
The Deep Purple Singles A's & B's is a compilation album of singles released by the British hard rock band Deep Purple. It was released on vinyl in October 1978. An updated version of the album was issued on CD in 1993 and contains the complete collection of Deep Purple's UK singles, recorded and released from 1968 to 1976 by the Mk I, II, III and IV line-ups of Deep Purple.

Document 8283809:
Femap
Femap ("Finite Element Modeling And Postprocessing") is an engineering analysis program sold by Siemens PLM Software that is used to build finite element models of complex engineering problems ("pre-processing") and view solution results ("post-processing"). It runs on Microsoft Windows and provides CAD import, modeling and meshing tools to create a finite element model, as well as postprocessing functionality that allows mechanical engineers to interpret analysis results. The finite element method allows engineers to virtually model components, assemblies, or systems to determine behavior under a given set of boundary conditions, and is typically used in the design process to reduce costly prototyping and testing, evaluate differing designs and materials, and for structural optimization to reduce weight.

Document 2476481:
69th Troop Carrier Squadron
The 69th Troop Carrier Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. It was last active with the 916th Troop Carrier Group, based at Carswell Air Force Base, Texas. It was inactivated on 25 November 1965.

Document 1250625:
Bookaboo
Bookaboo is a British children's television series created and produced by Lucy Goodman of Happy Films and co-directed by Ian Emes. The show features puppets, celebrities, picture books, songs and animation. Lucy Goodman created the show after researching the current global decline in parental reading in the home. Bookaboo is carefully crafted to inspire more children and grown ups to have fun sharing books together. "Bookaboo" is streamed on Amazon Video in the United Kingdom, and broadcast on ABC2 in Australia, CBC Television in Canada and Amazon Video in the United States.

Document 8791898:
Jacksonville station
Jacksonville station is an Amtrak train station in Jacksonville, Florida, United States. It serves the "Silver Meteor" and "Silver Star" trains as well as the Thruway Motorcoach to Lakeland. The station lies next door to a freight facility with its own platform and is also just east of Norfolk Southern's Simpson Yard.

Document 3136134:
Michael Daniel Ambatchew
Michael Daniel Ambatchew is an Ethiopian children's book writer born March 7, 1967. He has written "Sidama Tales" and "Alemayehu". Although an admirer of Western stories like Puss in Boots, he has been active in improving the publishing of a more native Ethiopian children's literature, and has also written on literature in general.

Document 8118298:
Eugene Byrd
Eugene Byrd (born August 28, 1975) is an American actor. Byrd was born and raised in Philadelphia, where he graduated from Greene Street Friends School in 1989 and The Crefeld School in 1993. He began acting as a child, appearing as Arthur in the movie "My Little Girl" in 1986. He is best known for his portrayal of Dr. Clark Edison on the series ""Bones"".

Document 2885936:
Chuck Versus the Cliffhanger
"Chuck Versus the Cliffhanger" is the fourth season finale of the American NBC action-comedy television series "Chuck". Aired on May 16, 2011, it is the season's 24th episode, and the 78th overall episode of the series. The episode was directed by Robert Duncan McNeill and written by series co-creator Chris Fedak, along with Nicholas Wootton. Despite the episode's eponymous cliffhanger ending, supposedly leading into a fifth season, it was anticipated that "Chuck" would be cancelled after the fourth season for declining viewership, making "Chuck Versus the Cliffhanger" the "de facto" series finale. However, a fifth and final season was ordered on May 13, 2011.

Document 7648944:
Jane Austen in Manhattan
Jane Austen in Manhattan is a Merchant Ivory Film made for LWT in 1980, but released for theatrical in UK and USA. It was the last film appearance of Anne Baxter and the début film of Sean Young.

Document 9853571:
Lounsbury Foods
Lounsbury Foods, also known as Cedarvale Food Products, is a privately held food processing company established in 1962 with headquarters in Toronto, Ontario. It is Canada’s largest processor of low quality horseradish, Other products include seafood sauce, mustard, and mint sauce.

Document 4520289:
Alberto Ginastera
Alberto Evaristo Ginastera (] ; April 11, 1916June 25, 1983) was an Argentine composer of classical music. He is considered one of the most important 20th-century classical composers of the Americas.

Document 4204131:
Christmas Crime Story
Christmas Crime Story is an upcoming multi-vignette crime drama directed by Richard Friedman. Written by Sean Chipman and Robert Chipman, the film features an ensemble cast that includes Adrian Paul, Eric Close, Aaron Perilo, Scott Bailey and Neraida Bega in leading roles.

Document 5547933:
Paon de Roet
Sir Paon de Roet (c.1310-1380), also called Payne Roet and sometimes Gilles Roet, was a herald and knight from Hainaut who was involved in the early stages of the Hundred Years War. He became attached to the court of King Edward III of England through the king's marriage to Philippa of Hainaut.

Document 6175463:
Sukbong Food
Seokbong Food Co, Ltd (Korean: 석봉식품 ) is Korea's most popular lunch food company. They specialize in toast and bread. They are headquartered in Singil-dong Yeongdeungpo-gu Seoul, Korea, established in March 1997. It offers a number of toast and bread food services to home party foods. and product placement of all toast products.

Document 7960470:
Unfamiliar Fishes
Unfamiliar Fishes is a nonfiction book by This American Life contributor Sarah Vowell, first published in 2011 in print and audiobook versions.

Document 4332588:
39th Filmfare Awards South
The 39th Filmfare Awards South Ceremony honouring the winners of the best of South Indian cinema in 1991 is an event held on March 31, 1993 along with Bollywood Filmfare Awards was an event held at the Bombay City.

Document 8857213:
Race 3
Race 3 is an upcoming Bollywood racing action film directed by Remo D'Souza and produced by Salman Khan and Ramesh Taurani. It is the Third installment of the series and a sequel to the 2008 film "Race" and 2013 film "Race 2".

Document 9909162:
Forres Castle
Forres Castle was a fort and castle built near Forres, Scotland. The fort was destroyed in 850 by Vikings. Forres was created a royal burgh by King David I of Scotland in 1140. The castle, once a royal castle, was built as a motte and bailey castle and was strengthened in the 14th century. It was demolished in 1297 by the adherents of Wallace. King William the Lion and King Alexander II of Scotland visited and stayed at the castle. King David II of Scotland stayed at the castle in 1346. It was burned by Alexander Stewart, Earl of Buchan in 1390. Held by the Dunbars of Westfield until the 17th century, it fell into ruins. Nothing now remains above ground.

Document 2545911:
Yao Lei
Yao Lei (born 24 February 1990) is a Singaporean badminton player. She won the women's doubles silver and mixed doubles bronze at the 2010 Delhi Commonwealth Games. She also represented Singapore in the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. Her parents Yao Yi Ping and Gu Xiao Jing were both international badminton players. In 2003 as a 13-year-old she had emigrated to Singapore.

Document 6500277:
Ameche's Drive-in
Ameche's Drive-in was a fast-food restaurant chain based in Baltimore, Maryland, founded by Heisman Trophy winner and Baltimore Colts running back Alan Ameche. Ameche's had five locations. All were located in Baltimore or the Baltimore suburbs:

Document 3976792:
Dwyer Arena
The Robert and Concetta Dwyer Arena houses two ice surfaces, both 200 x 85 ft., and pro shop on Niagara University's campus in Lewiston, New York, United States. The main rink can seat up to 1,400 people and is the home to the Niagara Purple Eagles men's ice hockey team, which plays in Atlantic Hockey. The arena was formerly home to the women's ice hockey team, which played in College Hockey America.

Document 8335114:
Donkey Kong Country (series)
The Donkey Kong Country ("DKC") video game series is a series of platform video games originally developed by Rare and later Retro Studios, and published by Nintendo. It is a spin-off from the original "Donkey Kong" series. In it, players control Donkey Kong and his friends and must complete a series of sidescrolling levels and defeat numerous enemies and bosses to reach the games' main goal.

Document 3252923:
Mary Frann
Mary Frann (born Mary Frances Luecke, February 27, 1943 – September 23, 1998) was an American stage, film and television actress. Frann is best known for her role as Bob Newhart's wife, Joanna Loudon, on the CBS sitcom "Newhart", which aired from 1982 to 1990.

Document 2835286:
Desire Street
Desire Street is a street in New Orleans, Louisiana, in the United States. According to John Churchill Chase, the street is named for Désirée Gautier Montreuil, the daughter of Robert Gautier de Montrieul who owned the plantation on the land where the street now lies. She married François de La Barre, for whom Labarre Road in Metairie is named. Her sister, Elmire de Montrieul, also had a street named after which was itself anglicized as Elmire Street, however it was renamed to Gallier Street circa 1895. Jed Horne, author of the 2005 book Desire Street, suggests that name is a misspelled homage to Désirée Clary a fiancé of Napoleon. The play "A Streetcar Named Desire", by Tennessee Williams, refers to the former streetcar line to this street.

Document 2225169:
Mutiny on the Bounty (1962 film)
Mutiny on the Bounty is a 1962 American Technicolor epic historical drama film starring Marlon Brando, Trevor Howard and Richard Harris, based on the novel "Mutiny on the Bounty" by Charles Nordhoff and James Norman Hall.

Document 6290464:
Two Rivers Light
The Two Rivers Light (also known as the Two Rivers North Pierhead Light) is a lighthouse formerly located at the harbor entrance to Two Rivers, Wisconsin. It is now located in a museum in the city.

Document 5309422:
Intelligent environment
Intelligent environments (IE) are spaces with embedded systems and information and communication technologies creating interactive spaces that bring computation into the physical world and enhance occupants experiences. "Intelligent environments are spaces in which computation is seamlessly used to enhance ordinary activity. One of the driving forces behind the emerging interest in highly interactive environments is to make computers not only genuine user-friendly but also essentially invisible to the user".

Document 1388196:
2017 Diamond Head Classic
The 2017 Diamond Head Classic is an upcoming mid-season eight-team college basketball tournament that will be played on December 22, 23, and 25 at the Stan Sheriff Center in Honolulu, Hawaii. It will be the ninth annual Diamond Head Classic tournament, and will be part of the 2017–18 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.

Document 1106601:
We Three Kings (disambiguation)
"We Three Kings" is a Christmas carol written by the Reverend John Henry Hopkins, Jr.

Document 3361155:
ALFA (Mexico)
Alfa S.A.B. de C.V., also known as Alfa or Alfa Group, is a Mexican multinational conglomerate headquartered in Monterrey, Mexico. It is a diversified group of businesses, mainly industrial, that produces petrochemicals, aluminum auto components, and refrigerated foods. It also participates in the extraction of oil and natural gas, and offers IT & telecom services. It is the global leader in the production of engine blocks and cylinder heads for American and European automakers; it is one of the largest PET and PTA producers in North America; and it is also a leader in the distribution of refrigerated foods in Mexico. In 2013, it was the seventh largest company of Mexico according to CNN Expansión.

Document 7697098:
Humphrey Coliseum
Humphrey Coliseum is a 10,575-seat multi-purpose arena located on the campus of Mississippi State University, just outside of Starkville, Mississippi, that opened for the 1975-76 basketball season. Nicknamed The Hump, it is home to the Mississippi State Bulldogs men's and women's basketball teams. It is the largest on-campus basketball arena in the state of Mississippi. The building is the equivalent of seven stories high and is in the shape of an oval 318' long by 268' wide. The outside is marked by regular concrete columns and Mississippi red brick siding, and the school seal adorns the front of the building. In 2004, a center hung scoreboard was provided by the Henry Mize Foundation. The scoreboard features four sides, each with a video screen. In addition to basketball, the arena is a popular venue for concerts, graduation ceremonies, and other events.

Document 7964689:
Carlos Schvartzman
Carlos Schvartzman (November 4, 1947) is a Paraguayan pianist, guitarist, composer, arranger and orchestrator of jazz and contemporary music. He was born and raised in Asunción, the capital of Paraguay. He has also been involved in pop music, writing orchestral arrangements for soloists, vocal groups, music for TV, advertising jingles, and occasionally a classic style music with modern harmony of the 20th century. He participated as a conductor, arranger and composer for international song festivals (such as Viña del Mar, during the 70s). He is regarded as one of the most notable musicians in the country.

Document 6444970:
Nikolaos Vlasopoulos
Nikolaos "Nikos" Vlasopoulos (born 30 May 1988 in Patras, Greece) is a football midfielder. He played for Thyella first team for 3 seasons, from 2005-2006 to 2007-2008, and as of 13 June 2008 he was a Larissa player with a 5-year contract. He was released on a free on July 2010 and on 31 August 2010 he signed a contract with Panserraikos F.C.. On 21 December 2010 Panachaiki announced that Vlasopoulos signed a four-year contract with the club.

Document 6749416:
Liberty Tree
The Liberty Tree (1646–1775) was a famous elm tree that stood in Boston near Boston Common, in the years before the American Revolution. In 1765, colonists in Boston staged the first act of defiance against the British government at the tree. The tree became a rallying point for the growing resistance to the rule of Britain over the American colonies, and the ground surrounding it became known as Liberty Hall. The Liberty Tree was felled by British troops and Loyalists in 1775.

Document 8496267:
Franklin–Nashville Campaign
The Franklin–Nashville Campaign, also known as Hood's Tennessee Campaign, was a series of battles in the Western Theater, conducted from September 18 to December 27, 1864, in Alabama, Tennessee, and northwestern Georgia during the American Civil War. The Confederate Army of Tennessee under Lt. Gen. John Bell Hood drove north from Atlanta, threatening Maj. Gen. William T. Sherman's lines of communications and central Tennessee. After a brief attempt to pursue Hood, Sherman returned to Atlanta and began his March to the Sea, leaving Union forces under Maj. Gen. George H. Thomas to deal with Hood's threat.

Document 2095646:
Yu Haoming
Yu Haoming is a Chinese Mandopop singer from Guangzhou, Guangdong. He made his debut in 2007 on the televised Chinese singing competition "Super Boy", on which he placed sixth nationwide. On 22 October 2010, while filming the television series "I Have a Date with Spring" (我和春天有个约会) in Shanghai, Yu was injured in an explosive accident with co-star Selina, suffering third-degree burns over 39% of his body.

Document 5114220:
We Shall Keep the Faith
"We Shall Keep the Faith" is a poem penned by Moina Michael in November 1918. She received inspiration for this poem from "In Flanders Fields". The "poppy red" refers to "Papaver rhoeas".

Document 1478098:
La Moustache
La Moustache (in English, The Moustache) is a French film from 2005, directed by Emmanuel Carrère and starring Vincent Lindon, and adapted from Carrère's own novel. The film features music from Philip Glass. The film was awarded the "Label Europa Cinemas" prize at the 2005 Cannes Film Festival and is currently distributed theatrically in the United States by the Cinema Guild with a DVD release handled by Koch-Lorber Films.

Document 2125910:
Joanna Aizenberg
Joanna Aizenberg is a professor of chemistry and chemical biology at Harvard University. She is the Amy Smith Berylson Professor of Materials Science at Harvard’s School of Engineering and Applied Sciences, the Co-Director of the The Kavli Institute for Bionano Science and Technology and a core faculty member of the Wyss Institute for Biologically Inspired Engineering. She is a prominent figure in the field of biologically inspired materials science, having authored 90 publications and holding 25 patents.

Document 4046988:
Heinrich Mann Prize
The Heinrich Mann Prize (German: "Heinrich-Mann-Preis" ) is an essay prize that has been awarded since 1953, first by the East German Academy of Arts, then by the Academy of Arts, Berlin. The prize, which comes with a €8,000 purse, is given annually on 27 March, Heinrich Mann's day of birth. The laureate is selected by an independent three-member jury which usually includes the previous year's laureate.

Document 1538280:
Kachche Heere
Kachche Heere is a 1981 Bollywood Hindi Action film directed by Narender Bedi and starring Feroz Khan, Reena Roy, Danny Denzongpa, Aruna Irani and Shakti Kapoor. The movie was produced by Netra Pal Singh and the music was composed by Rahul Dev Burman. The film was some what a sequel the 1974 Blockbuster Khote Sikkay. The film had the same star cast and almost exact storyline . A few changes were that Ranjeet was replaced by Shakti Kapoor.

Document 5111878:
Loan modification in the United States
Loan modification is the systematic alteration of mortgage loan agreements that help those having problems making the payments by reducing interest rates, monthly payments or principal balances. Lending institutions could make one or more of these changes to relieve financial pressure on borrowers to prevent the condition of foreclosure. Loan modifications have been practiced in the United States since The 2008 Crash Of The Housing Market from Washington Mutual, Chase Home Finance, Chase, JP Morgan & Chase, other contributors like MER's. Crimes of Mortgage ad Real Estate Staff had long assisted nd finally the squeaky will could not continue as their deviant practices broke the state and crashed. Modification owners either ordered by The United States Department of Housing, The United States IRS or President Obamas letters from Note Holders came to those various departments asking for the Democratic process to help them keep their homes and protection them from explosion. Thus the birth of Modifications. It is yet to date for clarity how theses enforcements came into existence and except b whom, but t is certain that note holders form the Midwest reached out in the Democratic Process for assistance. FBI Mortgage Fraud Department came into existence. Modifications HMAP HARP were also birthed to help note holders get Justice through reduced mortgage by making terms legal. Modification of mortgage terms was introduced by IRS staff addressing the crisis called the HAMP TEAMS that went across the United States desiring the new products to assist homeowners that were victims of predatory lending practices, unethical staff, brokers, attorneys and lenders that contributed to the crash. Modification were a fix to the crash as litigation has ensued as the lenders reorganized and renamed the lending institutions and government agencies are to closely monitor them. Prior to modifications loan holders that experiences crisis would use Loan assumptions and Loan transfers to keep the note in the 1930s. During the Great Depression, loan transfers, loan assumption, and loan bail out programs took place at the state level in an effort to reduce levels of loan foreclosures while the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Federal Trade Commission, Comptroller, the United States Government and State Government responded to lending institution violations of law in these arenas by setting public court records that are legal precedence of such illegal actions. The legal precedents and reporting agencies were created to address the violations of laws to consumers while the Modifications were created to assist the consumers that are victims of predatory lending practices. During the so-called "Great Recession" of the early 21st century, loan modification became a matter of national policy, with various actions taken to alter mortgage loan terms to prevent further economic destabilization. Due to absorbent personal profits nothing has been done to educate Homeowners or Creditors that this money from equity, escrow is truly theirs the Loan Note Holder and it is their monetary rights as the real prize and reason for the Housing Crash was the profit n obtaining the mortgage holders Escrow. The Escrow and Equity that is accursed form the Note Holders payments various staff through the United States claimed as recorded and cashed by all staff in real-estate from local residential Tax Assessing Staff, Real Estate Staff, Ordinance Staff, Police Staff, Brokers, attorneys, lending institutional staff but typically Attorneys who are also typically the owners or Rental properties that are trained through Bankruptcies'. that collect the Escrow that is rightfully the Homeowners but because most Homeowners are unaware of what money is due them and how they can loose their escrow. Most Creditors are unaware that as the note holder that the Note Holder are due a annual or semi annual equity check and again bank or other lending and or legal intuitions staff claim this monies instead. This money Note Holders were unaware of is the prize of real estate and the cause of the Real Estate Crash of 2008 where Lending Institutions provided mortgages to people years prior they know they would eventually loose with Loan holders purchasing Balloon Mortgages lending product that is designed to make fast money off the note holder whom is always typically unaware of their escrow, equity and that are further victimized by conferences and books on HOW TO MAKE MONEY IN REAL STATE - when in fact the money is the Note Holder. The key of the crash was not the House, but the loan product used and the interest and money that was accrued form the note holders that staff too immorally. The immoral and illegal actions of predatory lending station and their staff began with the inception of balloon mortgages although illegal activity has always existed in the arena, yet the crash created "Watch Dog" like HAMP TEAM, IRS, COMPTROLLER< Federal Trade Commission Consumer Protection Bureau, FBI, CIA, Local Police Department, ICE ( The FBI online Computer crime division receives and investigates computer crimes that record keeping staff from title companies, lending institutional staff, legal staff and others created fraudulent documents to change payments and billing of note holders to obtain the money note holders are typically unaware of) and other watch dog agencies came into existence to examine if houses were purchased through a processed check at Government Debited office as many obtained free homes illegally. Many were incarcerated for such illegal actions. Modifications fixed the Notes to proper lower interest, escrow, tax fees that staff typically raised for no reason. Many people from various arenas involved in reals estate have been incarcerated for these actions as well as other illegal actions like charging for a modification. Additionally Modifications were also made to address the falsifications such as inappropriate mortgage charges, filing of fraudulently deeds, reporting of and at times filing of fraudulent mortgages that were already paid off that were fraudulently continued by lenders staff and attorneys or brokers or anyone in the Real Estate Chain through the issues of real estate terms to continue to violate United States Laws, contract law and legal precedence where collusion was often done again to defraud and steal from the Note Holder was such a common practice that was evidence as to why the Mortgage Crash in 2008 occurred for the purpose of wining the prize of stealing form Homeowners and those that foreclosed was actually often purposefully for these monies note holders were unaware of to be obtained which was why Balloon mortgages and loans were given to the staff in the Real Estate Market with the hoper and the expectation that the loan holders would default as it offered opportunity to commit illegal transactions of obtaining the homeowners funds. While such scams were addressed through modifications in 2008. The Market relied heavily on Consumers ignorance to prosper, ignorance of real estate terms, ignorance on what they were to be charged properly for unethical financial gain and while staff in real estates lending arenas mingled terms to deceive y deliberate confusion consumers out of cash and homes while the USA Government provided Justice through President Obamas Inception and IRS Inception of Modifications which addressed these unethical profits in Reals Estate. It was in 2009 that HARP, HAMP and Modifications were introduced to stop the victimization of Note Holders. Taking on the Banks that ran USA Government was a great and dangerous undertaking that made America Great Again as Justice for Consumers reigned. Legal action taken against institutions that have such business practices can be viewed in State Code of Law and Federal Law on precedent cases that are available to the public. Finally, It had been unlawful to be charged by an attorney to modify as well as fro banking staff to modify terms to increase a mortgage and or change lending product to a balloon in an concerted effort to make homeowner foreclose which is also illegal, computer fraud and not the governments intended purpose or definition of a modification.

Document 2557794:
Golden Gate (film)
Golden Gate is a 1994 American drama film produced by American Playhouse. Set in San Francisco, California, it is the story of a 1950s G-Man (played by Matt Dillon) who gets involved with the Federal Bureau of Investigation's Communist prosecutions, which leads him to become involved with a young Chinese American woman (played by Joan Chen), whose father he helped to put in prison. The film also features Bruno Kirby and Tzi Ma. The film is directed by John Madden and written by Asian American dramatist David Henry Hwang.

Document 3421636:
Gary Hindley
Gary Hindley is an American soccer coach. He has coached youth soccer, high school, college and professional teams. He won Coach of the Year honors in 1984 in the United Soccer League, 1991 American Professional Soccer League and 1998 (Eastern Indoor Soccer League). He won the 1993-94 National Professional Soccer League championship with the Cleveland Crunch. His overall coaching record in professional, collegiate and scholastic soccer is 419-296-28 (.586).

Document 1271812:
Hector Mor Maclean, 16th Chief
Hector Mor Maclean of Dowart (circa 1600–1626), or Eachann Mór Maclean in Scottish Gaelic, or Hector the Great, was the 16th Clan Chief of Clan MacLean from 1623 to his death in 1626. Mór or Mor translates as "great" when added to a name in Scottish Gaelic. He resided at Duart Castle on the Isle of Mull. He was the first Chief of MacLean to not produce an heir in four hundred years, breaking the direct male line from Gillean of the Battle Axe, the founder of the clan to himself. He was succeeded by his younger brother, Lachlan Maclean, 1st Baronet.

Document 8666411:
Marcelino Huerta
Marcelino Huerta, Jr. (October 31, 1924 – October 8, 1985), also known by his nickname Chelo Huerta, was an American college football player and coach. Huerta played college football for the University of Florida, and he was later the head football coach for the University of Tampa, the Municipal University of Wichita—later known as Wichita State University—and Parsons College. He was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame as a coach in 2002.

Document 6587015:
R. L. Stine's The Haunting Hour: The Series
R. L. Stine's The Haunting Hour: The Series is a Canadian-American original anthology horror-fantasy television series which is based on the 2007 movie "" and the anthologies "The Haunting Hour" and "Nightmare Hour" by R.L. Stine, that originally aired on The Hub from October 29, 2010 to October 11, 2014. The only story taken from "The Haunting Hour" anthology was "My Imaginary Friend", and the only story unused from "The Nightmare Hour" was "My Sister the Witch". The fourth season's seven remaining episodes ran on Discovery Family from October 18, 2014 to November 29, 2014. The series was produced by Front Street Pictures, The Hatchery, Incendo Films, and Endemol.

Document 8375951:
Vince Bartram
Vincent Lee "Vince" Bartram (born 7 August 1968) is an English former professional footballer, who played as a goalkeeper. As a player, he notably played in the Premier League for Arsenal, where he was understudy to David Seaman throughout the majority of his time at Highbury. He also played in the Football League for Wolverhampton Wanderers, Blackpool, Cheltenham Town, West Bromwich Albion, Bournemouth, Huddersfield Town and Gillingham. He is of current the development goalkeeping coach at Premier League side Southampton F.C.

Document 4908736:
I Got a Feelin' (Billy Currington song)
"I Got a Feelin'" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music singer Billy Currington. It was released in January 2004 as the second and final single from his debut self-titled album. The song reached a peak of #5 on the U.S. country singles charts in mid-2004. It was written by Currington, Casey Beathard and Carson Chamberlain.

Document 1433356:
Maidel Turner
Maidel Turner (May 12, 1888 – April 12, 1953) was an American movie actress featured in almost 60 films between 1913 and 1951, beginning as the leading lady of "The Angel of the Slums" (1913) and becoming a comical character actress as she aged. Prominent sound films in which she appeared include "The Raven" (1935), "Palm Springs" (1936), and "State of the Union" (1948).

Document 8044465:
Godzilla
Godzilla (Japanese: ゴジラ , Hepburn: Gojira ) ( ; ] ) is a giant monster originating from a series of tokusatsu films of the same name from Japan. It first appeared in Ishirō Honda's 1954 film "Godzilla". Since then, Godzilla has gone on to become a worldwide pop culture icon, appearing in numerous media including video games, novels, comic books, television shows, 29 films produced by Toho and three Hollywood films. The character is commonly alluded by the epithet "King of the Monsters"; a phrase first used in "Godzilla, King of the Monsters!", the Americanized version of Honda's original 1954 film.

Document 2226138:
Safa Giray of Kazan
Safa Giray (Tatar: Safagäräy , Crimean Tatar: Safa Geray ; Iske imla: صفا گرای) was khan of Kazan Khanate between the years 1524-1531, 1535–1546 and 1546-1549. He was the son of Sahib Giray from the Crimean Khanate, brother of Moxammat Giray.

Document 5374141:
Lake Poets
The Lake Poets were a group of English poets who all lived in the Lake District of England, United Kingdom, at the turn of the nineteenth century. As a group, they followed no single "school" of thought or literary practice then known. They were named, only to be uniformly disparaged, by the "Edinburgh Review". They are considered part of the Romantic Movement.

Document 8166381:
CarShield Field
CarShield Field, formerly T.R. Hughes Ballpark, is a stadium in O'Fallon, Missouri. It is primarily used for baseball, and is the home field of the River City Rascals Frontier League baseball team. It also plays home to the local high school baseball team, The Christian- O'Fallon Eagles. It opened in 1999 with seating for 3,500 people, plus areas for 1,650 additional fans on lawn and outfield bleacher areas.

Document 9931590:
Hesa Duwum Kohistan District
Hesa Duwum Kohistan District is a district in the southern part of Kapisa Province, Afghanistan. The center is the village of Keshektan. The population is 39,900 (2006) and is mostly composed of Tajik. The district is famous for its sweet mulberries, grapes, apricots and pomegranates. Yearly, hundreds of visitors spend their weekends along the Kohistan river that flows into Surobi lake. During the war against USSR, Kohistani was one of the headquarters for Mujahidin. Kohistan is located at the crossroots with Parwan and Panjshir provinces.

Document 1439973:
Matthew Curran
Petty officer Matthew 'Nutty' Curran (1882–1938 (aged 56)) born in Lisdeen, Kilkee was an Irish professional cruiser/heavyweight boxer of the 1900s, '10s and '20s, who won the Irish heavyweight title, British heavyweight title (as this bout didn't take place at National Sporting Club premises at 43 King Street, Covent Garden, London, this and subsequent British heavyweight title bouts featuring Matthew 'Nutty' Curran were not recognised by the National Sporting Club (NSC), nor retrospectively by the British Boxing Board of Control), and British Empire heavyweight title, and challenged for the British Boxing Board of Control British heavyweight title, his professional fighting weight varied from 178 lb , i.e. Cruiserweight to 199 lb , i.e. Heavyweight. Matthew Curran's nickname of 'Nutty' came about because "he would foul you early on or he went so crazy that he railroaded you into fouling him", 'Nutty' being slang for a crazy person, i.e. one who suffers from insanity.

Document 3150815:
Sailors Flat, California
Sailors Flat is a former settlement and mining camp in El Dorado County, California. It was located 2 mi southeast of Garden Valley.

Document 8617645:
Health Care Choice Act
The Health Care Choice Act is a bill that proposes allowing health insurance companies to sell health insurance across U.S. state lines.

Document 1121728:
RIGS: Mechanized Combat League
RIGS: Mechanized Combat League is a first-person shooter sports video game developed by Guerrilla Cambridge and published by Sony Interactive Entertainment for the PlayStation 4 console and its virtual reality head-mounted display PlayStation VR.

Document 4848002:
Nelson Gabriel
Nelson Gabriel is a fictional character from the British BBC Radio 4 soap opera "The Archers". He was portrayed by Jack May.

Document 8254420:
Child's Play (comics)
"Child's Play" is a 1994 Marvel Comics crossover storyline featuring the New Warriors, X-Force, and the Upstarts. It is also the first time Karma reunites with the New Mutants since she left the team in "New Mutants" #54 (1987).

Document 3653695:
Kelly Packard (basketball)
Kelly Packard is the head women's basketball coach at Taylor University. Previously she served as head women's basketball coach at Ball State University. She served in that position for four seasons (2008-12) and moved into the position at Taylor in 2013. She is a former head coach of the Colorado Chill from the National Women's Basketball League. She previously served as an assistant coach at Colorado State University, where she helped the Rams to a 99-49 record. In 2004 and 2005, the Colorado Chill won the NWBL Championships.

Document 6950561:
Chatot
The Chatot (also Chacato or Chactoo) were a Native American tribe who lived in the upper Apalachicola River and Chipola River basins in what is now Florida. They spoke a Muskogean language, which may have been the same as that of the Pensacola people.

Document 6267395:
B.O.A.T.S. II: Me Time
B.O.A.T.S. II: Me Time is the second studio album by American rapper 2 Chainz. It was released on September 10, 2013, by Def Jam Recordings. The album serves as a sequel to his certified Gold, Grammy-nominated debut album "Based on a T.R.U. Story" (2012). It features guest appearances from Pharrell Williams, Drake, Lil Wayne, Mase, Chrisette Michele, Pusha T, Fergie, Iamsu!, T-Pain, Dolla Boy, Rich Homie Quan and Lloyd, while the production was handled by Diplo, Mike Will Made It, Drumma Boy, J.U.S.T.I.C.E. League, Mannie Fresh, Wonder, Honorable C.N.O.T.E. and DJ Toomp, among others.

Document 3353339:
2000 Taça de Portugal Final
The 2000 Taça de Portugal Final was the final match of the 1999–2000 Taça de Portugal, the 59th season of the Taça de Portugal, the premier Portuguese football cup competition organized by the Portuguese Football Federation (FPF). The final was played at the Estádio Nacional in Oeiras, and opposed two Primeira Liga sides Porto and Sporting CP. As the inaugural final match finished 1–1, the final was replayed four days later at the same venue with the "Dragões" defeating the "Leões" 2–0 to claim their tenth Taça de Portugal.

Document 1780131:
Kia Ray
The Kia Ray EV is a city car manufactured by Kia Motors. The initial roll out was a limited production of 2,500 units destined for the South Korean government fleets, scheduled to be deployed in 2012. The Ray EV is a predecessor to an all-electric crossover SUV that Kia Motors planned to launch globally in 2014. In May 2013 a fleet of 184 Kia Ray EVs were deployed in Seoul as part of a carsharing service called "Electric Vehicle Sharing” at a rate of per hour. The service has 15,000 registered customers.

Document 5105254:
Billings Bulls
The Billings Bulls were a junior ice hockey organization based in Billings, Montana. They most recently played home games at the 550-seat Centennial Ice Arena and due to the arena's small size, the Bulls frequently sold out games. They previously played their home games in the Metrapark which had a max capacity of 9,000 for hockey games. However, a negotiating dispute with arena officials and local county commissioners resulted in the team losing its lease.

Document 9701033:
Maytag-Mason Motor Company
The Maytag-Mason Motor Company of Waterloo, Iowa manufactured Maytag automobiles from 1910 to 1915. The company's founder was Frederick Louis Maytag I, who is better known for his development of the Maytag washing machine company.

Document 3524885:
Vancouver International Film Festival
The Vancouver International Film Festival (VIFF) is an annual film festival held in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada for two weeks in late September and early October. The festival began in 1982 and is operated by the Greater Vancouver International Film Festival Society, a provincially registered non-profit, and federally registered charitable organization.

Document 7260990:
Illinois Jacquet and His Orchestra
Illinois Jacquet and His Orchestra (also released as Groovin' with Jacquet) is an album by American jazz saxophonist Illinois Jacquet recorded in 1955 and originally released on the Clef label.

Document 8357595:
Hawkins, Texas
Hawkins is a city in Wood County, Texas, United States. The population was 1,278 at the 2010 census. It is located twenty miles north of the larger city of Tyler. Just east of the community is Jarvis Christian College, an historically black institution of higher learning.

Document 5284192:
Indianapolis Greyhounds
The Indianapolis Greyhounds (also UIndy Greyhounds) are the athletic teams that represent the University of Indianapolis, located in Indianapolis, Indiana, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports. The Greyhounds compete as members of the Great Lakes Valley Conference for 19 of 23 varsity sports (both swimming and diving teams & women's lacrosse are members of the Great Lakes Intercollegiate Athletic Conference. Men's lacrosse competes in the Eastern College Athletic Conference). Indianapolis has been part of the GLVC since 1978.

Document 1825678:
Sinhala numerals
Sinhalese belongs to the Indo-European language family with its roots deeply associated with Indo-Aryan sub family to which the languages such as Persian and Hindi belong. Although it is not very clear whether people in Sri Lanka spoke a dialect of Prakrit at the time of arrival of Buddhism in Sri Lanka, there is enough evidence that Sinhala evolved from mixing of Sanskrit, Magadi (the language which was spoken in Magada Province of India where Lord Buddha was born) and local language which was spoken by people of Sri Lanka prior to the arrival of Vijaya in Sri Lanka, the founder of Sinhala Kingdom. It is also surmised that Sinhala had evolved from an ancient variant of Apabramsa (middle Indic) which is known as ‘Elu’. When tracing history of Elu, it was preceded by Hela or Pali Sihala.

Document 6408711:
Rexford Orotaloa
Rexford Orotaloa (born 1956) is a Solomon Islands writer best known for the novel "Two Times Resurrection" and the story collection "Suremada: Faces from a Solomon Island Village". His work often focuses on the conflict between modern and traditional culture.

Document 6134915:
Explorers (film)
Explorers is a 1985 American science fiction fantasy family film written by Eric Luke and directed by Joe Dante. The film stars Ethan Hawke, River Phoenix (in their film debuts), and Jason Presson as teenage schoolboys who build a spacecraft to explore outer space. The special effects were produced by Industrial Light & Magic, with make-up effects by Rob Bottin.

Document 5768677:
Truro Cathedral
The Cathedral of the Blessed Virgin Mary, Truro is a Church of England cathedral in the city of Truro, Cornwall. It was built between 1880 and 1910 to a Gothic Revival design by John Loughborough Pearson on the site of the parish church of St Mary. It is one of only three cathedrals in the United Kingdom with three spires.

Document 9254549:
Jaiye Jaiye
"Jaiye Jaiye" is a song by Nigerian recording artist Wizkid. It was released on May 2, 2013, serving as the first single from his second studio album, "Ayo" (2014). It features Grammy nominated Nigerian musician Femi Kuti. The song peaked at number 2 on WorldCrunch, and at 6 on Haba Naija Top 10 Music Chart. Moreover, it peaked at number 10 on Afrobreakers September 2013 Chart. The song was produced by Sarz and mastered by Foster Zeeno.

Document 1502983:
Olga Lowe
Olga Lowe (14 September 1919 – 2 September 2013) was a British film, stage and television actress. She made her film debut in an uncredited role in the 1949 film "Trottie True". Her many credits included "EastEnders", "Where Eagles Dare", "Carry On Abroad", "Steptoe and Son Ride Again" and "The Riddle of the Sands".

Document 9594324:
Charlie Simpson
Charles Robert "Charlie" Simpson (born 7 June 1985) is an English singer, songwriter and musician. He is the youngest member of multi-BRIT Award-winning band Busted, and is the lead vocalist, guitarist in post-hardcore band Fightstar. AllMusic has noted that Simpson is "perhaps the only pop star to make the convincing transition from fresh-faced boy bander to authentic hard rock frontman". Simpson is a multi-instrumentalist, playing guitar, keyboard, piano and drums.

Document 1426542:
Rent Boys
Rent Boys (German: "Die Jungs vom Bahnhof Zoo") is a 2011 German documentary film directed, written and produced by Rosa von Praunheim. The original German title translates as "The guys from Bahnhof Zoo".

Document 7124824:
Mendota Bridge
The Mendota Bridge (full name Fort Snelling – Mendota Bridge) carries Minnesota State Highway 55 over the Minnesota River between Fort Snelling and Mendota Heights. It is the final bridge over the Minnesota River before the Minnesota flows into the Mississippi River at the "Meeting of the waters" or "Mendota" in the Dakota language. Traffic on the north end of the bridge may turn onto the Fort Road Bridge (MN 5) to cross the Mississippi River into St. Paul, Minnesota. The skylines of both Minneapolis and St. Paul can be seen simultaneously from the bridge.

Document 4423842:
Orthez 1814 Order of Battle
The Battle of Orthez (27 February 1814) saw the Anglo-Portuguese Army commanded by Field Marshal Arthur Wellesley, Marquess of Wellington attack a Imperial French army under Marshal Nicolas Jean de Dieu Soult. Soult's army was posted on a ridge to the north of the town of Orthez in southern France and in the town itself. For over two hours the outnumbered French repulsed repeated Allied assaults on their right flank, forcing Wellington to order a general assault. After a struggle, the Allies overcame the French defenses and Soult was compelled to order a retreat. At first, the French divisions withdrew in good order, but as they approached the bridge over the Luy de Béarn at Sault-de-Navailles, many soldiers began to panic. The next day Soult decided that his army was too demoralized to resist more attacks and continued his retreat. Allied casualties were about 2,200 while the French lost about 4,000 killed, wounded and captured. The battle was fought near end of the Peninsular War.

Document 7293367:
Mid-market awards
The Mid-Market Awards is an award ceremony designed to recognize middle-market companies as well as middle-market CEOs. The ceremony takes place each year during the CEO Connection Mid-Market Convention, which is held at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.

Document 5889205:
Michael F. Bolin
Michael F. Bolin (born 1948) is a justice of the Alabama Supreme Court, was born in Jefferson County, Alabama, He was elected to the court in the state's partisan elections in 2004 and is one of nine Republicans on the nine member court. He was re-elected in 2010 and his current six-year term will expire in 2016. He attended elementary school in Birmingham, being accepted into the first magnet school for scholastic achievement. He then attended Homewood Junior High School, and graduated from Shades Valley High School in 1966 as a member of the National Honor Society. In 1970, he received his B.S. in Business Administration from Samford University. In 1973, he received his J.D. from Cumberland School of Law, graduating cum laude. At Cumberland, he was on the Dean's List and served as Associate Editor of the Cumberland-Samford Law Review. He was later inducted into Curia Honors, Cumberland's leadership and honor society.

Document 3091268:
Thaddeus Strassberger
Thaddeus Strassberger (born 1976) is an American opera director and scenic designer. In 2005 he was awarded the European Opera Directing Prize by Opera Europa for his work on Opera Ireland's production of Rossini's "La Cenerentola".

Document 6847188:
Steve Kahan
Steve Kahan is a retired American character actor who has appeared many films, his best-known film role is in the "Lethal Weapon" film franchise as Capt. Ed Murphy. His first feature film role was in "Superman" (1978) as police detective Armis. His last acting role was in 2006.

Document 8882149:
South Heights, Pennsylvania
South Heights is a borough in Beaver County, Pennsylvania, along the Ohio River. The population was 475 at the 2010 census. South Heights was first known as Ethel's Landing, a docking point on the Ohio River. The name of the town was changed to Shannopin when the Pittsburgh and Lake Erie Railroad established a station there. When the name of the town was changed to South Heights, the station became known as South Heights Station.

Document 6701061:
Miss Utah
The Miss Utah competition is the pageant that selects the representative for the state of Utah in the Miss America pageant. Two Miss Utah titleholders have won the Miss America pageant.

Document 7236158:
Booth Tarkington
Newton Booth Tarkington (July 29, 1869 – May 19, 1946) was an American novelist and dramatist best known for his novels "The Magnificent Ambersons" and "Alice Adams". He is one of only three novelists to win the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction more than once, along with William Faulkner and John Updike.

Document 5449004:
Werner Jaffé
Werner Gunter Jaffé Fellner (October 27, 1914 - May 3, 2009) was a chemist and university professor. Jaffé was born in Frankfurt. He received his doctoral degree at the University of Zurich under the supervision of the Nobel Prize winner Paul Karrer. After graduating, Jaffé arrived in Venezuela in 1940 and became a professor at the Central University of Venezuela. He started the teaching of Biochemistry at the Central University and founded the "Instituto Nacional de Nutrición". He was cofounder of the Venezuelan Association for the Advancement of Science. in 1946 he received a grant from the Rockefeller Foundation and, among several science prizes, he was awarded the "Premio Nacional de Ciencia , CONICIT" in 1978. During the fifty years that he taught at the college level, he also published over 200 academic publications and was named honorary professor at the Simón Bolívar University. He died in Caracas in 2009.

Document 6543686:
Inner Mongolia Normal University
Inner Mongolia Normal University (, Mongolian: ) is a university in Inner Mongolia, People's Republic of China under the authority of the Autonomous Region government. It is located in Hohhot, the capital city of Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region.

Document 6044815:
Jorge Garcia
Jorge Garcia (born April 28, 1973) is an American actor and comedian. He first came to public attention with his performance as Hector Lopez on the television show "Becker", but probably became more well known later for his portrayal of Hugo "Hurley" Reyes in the television series "Lost" from 2004 to 2010. Garcia performs as a stand-up comedian. He starred in the FOX television series "Alcatraz" and played a minor character on ABC's "Once Upon a Time". He stars as Jerry Ortega on "Hawaii Five-0" and can be seen in the Netflix original movie "Ridiculous 6".

Document 5177495:
The Blessed Damozel
"The Blessed Damozel" is perhaps the best known poem by Dante Gabriel Rossetti. It was first published in 1850 in the Pre-Raphaelite journal "The Germ". Rossetti subsequently revised the poem twice and republished it in 1856, 1870 and 1873. He also used the same title for some of his best known paintings.

Document 4603961:
Konrad Lorenz
Konrad Zacharias Lorenz (] ; 7 November 1903 – 27 February 1989) was an Austrian zoologist, ethologist, and ornithologist. He shared the 1973 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Nikolaas Tinbergen and Karl von Frisch. He is often regarded as one of the founders of modern ethology, the study of animal behaviour. He developed an approach that began with an earlier generation, including his teacher Oskar Heinroth.

Document 4383988:
Holly Robinson Peete
Holly Elizabeth Robinson Peete (born September 18, 1964) is an American actress and singer. She is perhaps best known for her roles as Judy Hoffs on the Fox TV police drama "21 Jump Street", Vanessa Russell on the ABC sitcom "Hangin' with Mr. Cooper", and Dr. Malena Ellis on the NBC/WB sitcom "For Your Love". She also served as one of the original co-hosts of the CBS daytime talk show "The Talk".

Document 6599438:
Gefrorene-Wand-Spitzen
The Gefrorene-Wand-Spitzen are two summits on the Tux Crest ("Tuxer Kamm"), a mountain chain in the Zillertal Alps, one of the ranges of the central Eastern Alps in the Austrian state of Tyrol. The north summit ("Nordgipfel") is recorded as 3,286 metres high in the literature, but is 3,288 metres high according to the Federal Office for Metrology and Survey. The south summit ("Südgipfel"), by contrast, is only 3,270 metres high. The two peaks are about 300 metres apart. They appear from the north as a stubby, cone-shaped, firn-covered dome, but from the east as a forbidding, dark rock face. Sharp, prominent ridges radiate from the peaks to the northeast and southwest, along the main crest of the mountain range. The twin peaks are the highest points in the summer skiing area of the Hintertux Glacier and, since the end of the 1990s, have been accessible from Hintertux on cable cars and ski lifts; which makes them a popular destination for day trippers. The north summit was first conquered in 1867 by Dr. Berreitter, the south summit on 7 September 1872 by the brothers, Max and Richard von Frey from Salzburg.

Document 6200630:
Battle of Xa Cam My
The Battle of Xa Cam My was fought over two days from April 11–12, 1966, 10 mi south of the village of Cam My in Phuoc Tuy Province, during the Vietnam War. Originally planned as a U.S. search and destroy mission intended to lure out the "crack" Viet Cong D800 Battalion, Charlie Company, US 2/16th Infantry Battalion soon found itself fighting for survival in the rubber plantations of Cam My village, approximately 42 mi east of Saigon. During this battle 134 men of Charlie Company, 2nd Battalion, 16th Infantry, 1st Infantry Division were ambushed by the Viet Cong and 80 percent became casualties.

Document 4819874:
No One to Run With
"No One to Run With" is a song written by Dickey Betts and John Prestia and performed by The Allman Brothers Band. The song reached #7 on the U.S. mainstream rock chart in 1994. The song appeared on their 1994 album, "Where It All Begins", and on the soundtrack to the 1994 film "The Cowboy Way".

Document 1155591:
The Maryland Zoo in Baltimore
"The Maryland Zoo" — also known as "The Maryland Zoo in Baltimore" and formerly known as "The Baltimore City Zoo" or the "Baltimore Zoo" — is a 135-acre park located in historic Druid Hill Park in the northwestern area of the City of Baltimore, Maryland, (U.S.A.), with the postal address of 1876 Mansion House Drive. Druid Hill was opened in 1860 as the first major park purchase by the City under foreseeing Mayor Thomas Swann (1809-1883), (and later Governor of Maryland) and was later designed by famed nationally-known landscaper Frederick Law Olmsted (1822-1903) , with additional work on various park buildings contributed by future Baltimore City Hall architect George A. Frederick (1842-1924), and Park Commissioner John H.B. Latrobe (son of earlier famed British-American architect Benjamin Henry Latrobe [1764-1820]), who also was an accomplished lawyer, author, artist, amateur architect and civic leader. Olmsted had earlier won a contest for the design of plans for New York City's famed Central Park in mid-town Manhattan in 1858, a year after it opened, and worked on the massive public works project during its construction from 1858 to 1873. The Maryland Zoo is now currently home to over 2,000 animals, and is accredited by the Association of Zoos and Aquariums (AZA).

Document 8916176:
Frank S. Kedzie
Frank S. Kedzie (May 12, 1857 – January 5, 1935) was president of the U.S. state of Michigan's Michigan Agricultural College (now Michigan State University) from 1915 to 1921. Kedzie Hall, located on campus on the north side of the Red Cedar River was named in honor of his father, Robert C. Kedzie, who was a Professor of Chemistry at Michigan Agricultural College from 1863 to 1902.

Document 1270875:
Dorothy Ann Purser
Dorothy Ann Purser is a screenwriter who was born in Hammond, Louisiana. Purser is best known for her work on the television series "Days of Our Lives" as the head writer and co-writer, and on the television series "Guiding Light" as head writer. She has been nominated for seven awards, and has received two including a Daytime Emmy.

Document 1661904:
Uffizi
The Uffizi Gallery (Italian: Galleria degli Uffizi , ] ) is a prominent art museum located adjacent to the Piazza della Signoria in the Historic Centre of Florence in the region of Tuscany, Italy. One of the most important Italian museums, and the most visited, it is also one of the largest and best known in the world, and holds a collection of priceless works, particularly from the period of the Italian Renaissance.

Document 5342831:
Björn Nordqvist
Björn Axel Göte Nordqvist (born 6 October 1942 in Hallsberg) is a former football defender from Sweden. During the 1960s and 1970s he was the Swedish national team captain. He played at the 1970 FIFA World Cup, 1974 FIFA World Cup and 1978 FIFA World Cup and in total amassed 115 international matches, which was a world record at the time. Nordqvist has later been surpassed even as Swedish record holder, by Thomas Ravelli and others.

Document 8352802:
Luanda
Luanda, formerly named São Paulo da Assunção de Loanda, is the capital and largest city in Angola, and the country's most populous and important city, primary port and major industrial, cultural and urban centre. Located on Angola's coast with the Atlantic Ocean, Luanda is both Angola's chief seaport and its administrative centre. It has a metropolitan population of over 6 million. It is also the capital city of Luanda Province, and the world's fourth most populous Portuguese-speaking city, behind only São Paulo, Rio de Janeiro, and Salvador, Bahia all in Brazil, and the most populous Portuguese-speaking capital city in the world, ahead of Brasília, Maputo and Lisbon.

Document 8893719:
Seminole Hotel
The Seminole Hotel was a hotel in Winter Park, Florida. The hotel opened on January 1, 1886 and had 250 guest rooms. It was situated on a site bounded by Osceola Avenue and Lake Osceola and sat at the eastern end of New England Avenue . Many people referred to it as "the" grand resort of Florida. At that time, wagons, carriages and bicycles were the only modes of local transportation. However, guests of the Seminole Hotel were brought to the hotel from the South Florida Railroad train depot via a horse car that traveled on rails. Many of these passengers came to Winter Park in the winter months to escape the snow and frigid temperatures of the North. In its early years, the hotel was able to attract many wealthy northerners using luxuries such as gaslights and steam heating. The hotel featured a 42 x 100 foot beautiful formal dining room, many parlors, suites with open fireplaces, a barbershop, laundry services, and a 567 foot long colonnaded porch. Guests could take the elevator to view the surrounding area from the promenade on the top of the hotel. For the guests entertainment, the hotel provided a bowling alley, a billiard hall, tennis and croquet grounds, and an orchestra for dancing. Other activities including horseback riding, fishing, and sailing on Lake Osceola in sailboats and steam yachts provided by the hotel.

Document 4736280:
The Ghetto Film Project
The Ghetto Film Project is a non governmental organization in Kampala, Uganda that uses film to rehabilitate,empower,mentor and tell stories from the slums of Kampala. It was founded on 20 July 2013 by Ugandan film maker George Stanley Nsamba in Naguru a huge slum in Kampala.In 2013 following his fast growing success in the Ugandan film industry, Nsamba decided to found an organization that would help mentor and empower youth in the community he was once known for being a notorious kid when growing up. The organization is mainly made up of youths and kids from between the ages of 3 to 15 and a few women from the community.

Document 2416860:
The Yellow Bird
The Yellow Bird is a 2001 film adapted by Faye Dunaway from the short story by Tennessee Williams that was itself twice-adapted by Williams (the plays "Summer and Smoke" and its revision "The Eccentricities of a Nightingale"), and directed by Dunaway. The cast includes Dunaway, James Coburn, Brenda Blethyn, Michael Pitt and Cynthia Watros as Alma Tutwiler.

Document 2112761:
Private Detective 62
Private Detective 62 is a 1933 American Pre-Code detective film directed by Michael Curtiz and starring William Powell. It is a film about a private detective who falls for the beautiful gambling lady he has been hired to frame in a scandal.

Document 9773624:
Androscoggin Bank Colisée
The Androscoggin Bank Colisée (formerly Central Maine Civic Center and Lewiston Colisee) is a 4,000 capacity (3,677 seated) multi-purpose arena, in Lewiston, Maine, that opened in 1958. In 1965 it was the location of the World Heavyweight Title fight during which one of the most famous sports photographs of the century was taken of Muhammed Ali standing over Sonny Liston.

Document 7839304:
1973 European Super Cup
The 1973 European Super Cup was played between 1972–73 European Cup winners Ajax and 1972–73 European Cup Winners' Cup winners Milan, with Ajax winning 6–1 on aggregate, making it the worst defeat for an Italian team in an UEFA competition final. Unlike future Super Cup matches, the 1973 edition took place at the start of the following calendar year rather than the start of the following season.

Document 5160278:
Lewiston Maineiacs
The Lewiston Maineiacs were a junior ice hockey team of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League based in Lewiston, Maine. The team played its home games at the Androscoggin Bank Colisée. They were the second QMJHL team in the United States, and the only one to play a full season. They won the President's Cup in 2007.

Document 7383812:
FM broadcasting in the UK
FM sound broadcasting began in the United Kingdom on 2 May 1955 when the BBC started an FM broadcasting service the Light Programme, the Third Programme and the Home Service to the south east of England. There are now over 40 BBC and over 250 commercial FM sound broadcasting stations in the United Kingdom.

Document 6961695:
Dave Mejias
David L. "Dave" Mejias is an American politician. He was the Democratic candidate for the New York State Senate sixth district seat, which is currently held by 34-year incumbent Kemp Hannon. Mejias was a member of the County Legislature of Nassau County, New York, and ran as a Democratic candidate for the United States House of Representatives in 2006.

Document 1316613:
Al Coury
Albert Eli "Al" Coury (October 21, 1934 – August 8, 2013) was an Lebanese-American music record executive during the 1970s, vice-president of American record label Capitol Records and co-founder of RSO Records. He joined Capitol Records in 1957 and rose to the position of vice-president of marketing, sales and promotion. Coury helped develop the careers of many recording artists, including The Beatles, Nat King Cole, The Beach Boys, Pink Floyd, Glen Campbell, Bob Seger, Guns N' Roses, Aerosmith, Don Henley, Cher and Linda Ronstadt.

Document 9615106:
Jerry Sharkey
Gerald Shea "Jerry" Sharkey (April 18, 1942 – April 7, 2014) was an American historic preservationist and historian of the Wright brothers, who conceived the idea for the Dayton Aviation Heritage National Historical Park in Dayton, Ohio. The Dayton Aviation Heritage National Historical Park, which preserves historic sites used by the Wright Brothers throughout Dayton, was established in 1992. Sharkey had led an alliance of the Wright family, members of the U.S. House of Representatives, the local media and U.S. Federal Judge Walter H. Rice to create the national historical park. Many of the sites associated with the Wight brothers (as well as the surrounding buildings) would likely have been demolished if not for the preservation efforts spearheaded by Sharkey. According to Tom Crouch, a senior curator of aeronautics at the National Air and Space Museum in Washington D.C., Sharkey's efforts helped to "ensure that what the Wright brothers achieved wouldn’t be forgotten." Despite his enthusiasm for the Wrights brothers and their work, Sharkey was reportedly afraid of flying.

Document 1012106:
Catalan vault
The Catalan vault (Catalan: "volta catalana" ), also called tile vault, Catalan turn, Catalan arch or timbrel vault, is a type of low arch made of plain bricks often used to make a structural floor surface. It is traditionally constructed by laying bricks lengthwise over a wood form or "centering", making it a much gentler curve than has generally been produced by other methods of construction.

Document 8980743:
Maxie Wander
Maxie Wander (January 3, 1933 – November 21, 1977) was an Austrian writer in East Germany (GDR), who was born in a proletarian quarter of Vienna. She came to fame after "Guten Morgen, Du Schone" (Good Morning My Lovely) was published, and remains an important figure in East German literature after her death from cancer.

Document 7542233:
Cinephile (band)
Kenny Inglis and Susan Wallace are the duo behind Cinephile, a trip hop band from Glasgow famous for the song "What Becomes of Us ?" which was played during an episode of .

Document 8448286:
The Shield of Achilles
The Shield of Achilles is a poem by W. H. Auden first published in 1952, and the title work of a collection of poems by Auden, published in 1955. It is Auden's response to the detailed description, or "ekphrasis", of the shield borne by the hero Achilles in Homer's epic poem the "Iliad".

Document 8046664:
Mills Corporation
The Mills Corporation was a publicly traded real estate investment trust headquartered in Arlington, Virginia, United States, acquired on April 3, 2007 by an investment group composed of Simon Property Group and Farallon Capital Management. The company developed, owned, and operated major super-regional shopping malls. The company built 18 "Landmark" centers in which the malls were named after "Mills", like "Vaughan Mills," or "St. Louis Mills"; and also over 20 "21st Century Retail" regional malls that they started operating in 2002, like Del Amo Fashion Center and Southdale Center. Most former Mills facilities have a large movie theater from 10–30 screens, and a large food court (sometimes two). Their facilities are normally built in modern/abstract architectural designs. Simon Property Group assumed management of the former Mills properties after the acquisition, and is operating the former "Landmark Mills" group as a separate operating segment within its organization.

Document 5645022:
Southern General Hospital
The Southern General Hospital (SGH) was a large teaching hospital with an acute operational bed complement of approximately 900 beds. The Hospital was located in Linthouse in the south west of Glasgow, Scotland, United Kingdom and provided a comprehensive range of acute and related clinical services. All facilities and services have been succeeded by the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital, constructed on the site of the old hospital.

Document 6389968:
Joliet Correctional Center
Joliet Correctional Center (originally known as Illinois State Penitentiary, colloquially as Joliet Prison, Joliet Penitentiary and the Collins Street Prison) was a prison in Joliet, Illinois, America from 1858 to 2002. It is featured in the motion picture "The Blues Brothers" as the prison from which Jake Blues is released at the beginning of the movie. It is also the location for the first season of Fox Network's "Prison Break" television show and the movie "Let's Go to Prison".

Document 4830908:
Case Gym
Case Gym is a 1,800-seat multi-purpose arena at Boston University in Boston, Massachusetts. It opened in 1972 as part of the Harold Case Physical Education Center, which is named after the university's fifth president, Harold C. Case. The gym is referred to as "The Roof" because it is located on the top level of the building, above Walter Brown Arena. It is home to the Boston University Terriers men's and women's basketball teams, as well as the men's wrestling team. Basketball games are also played in Agganis Arena, and on occasion Walter Brown Arena. When Boston University left the America East Conference for the Patriot League in July 2013, they announced that all home men's basketball conference games would be played at Agganis Arena, with the non-conference games to be played at Case.

Document 4449936:
Milan (1946 film)
Milan (Union) is a 1946 Hindi social drama film directed by Nitin Bose. The film starred Dilip Kumar, Mira Misra, Ranjana, Pahari Sanyal and Moni Chatterjee. It was an adaptation of Rabindranath Tagore's Bengali story "Noukadubi" (The Wreck). The screenplay adaptation was done by Sajanikanta Das with dialogues translated into Hindi by Pyare Lal Santoshi. The film's music was composed by Anil Biswas and the lyrics written by Pyare Lal Santoshi and Arzu Lakhnavi.

Document 8859233:
Altamira (album)
Altamira is a soundtrack album by guitarist Mark Knopfler and percussionist Evelyn Glennie, released on 1 April 2016 for electronic download via iTunes and Amazon.com, and was released on CD 22 April 2016 on EMI Records. The album contains music composed for the 2016 film "Altamira", directed by Hugh Hudson. The film is a drama about the discovery of the Cave of Altamira starring Antonio Banderas and Rupert Everett.

Document 9019156:
Beijing Hyundai
Beijing Hyundai Motor Co., Ltd. is an automobile manufacturing company headquartered in Beijing, China, and a joint-venture between BAIC Motor and Hyundai Motor Company. Established in 2002, it manufactures in Shunyi District, a satellite city of Beijing, producing Hyundai-branded automobiles for the Chinese market.

Document 4503204:
Lawrence Durrell
Lawrence George Durrell ( ; 27 February 1912 – 7 November 1990) was an expatriate British novelist, poet, dramatist, and travel writer. Born in India to British colonial parents, he was sent to England at the age of eleven for his education. He did not like formal education, but started writing poetry at age 15. His first book was published in 1935, when he was 23. In March 1935 he and his wife, and his mother and younger siblings, moved to the island of Corfu. Durrell spent many years afterward living around the world.

Document 9459266:
Paper Chase (game)
Paper Chase (also known as Hare and Hounds or Chalk Chase) is a racing game played outdoors (best played within a wood or even a shrubbery maze) with any number of players. At the start of the game, one person is designated the 'hare' and everyone else in the group are the 'hounds'. The 'hare' starts off ahead of everyone else leaving behind themselves a trail of paper shreds (or chalk marks in an urban environment) which represents the scent of the hare. Just as scent is carried on the wind, so too are the bits of paper, sometimes making for a difficult game. After some designated time, the hounds must chase after the hare and attempt to catch them before they reach the ending point of the race. It is generally done over a long distance, but shorter courses can be set. If the hare makes it to the finish line, they get to choose the next hare, or to be the hare themselves. Similarly, the person who catches the hare gets to choose the next hare.

Document 5296176:
Robins Center
The Robins Center is a 7,201-seat multi-purpose arena in Richmond, Virginia. Opened in 1972, the arena is home to the University of Richmond Spiders basketball. It hosted the ECAC South (now known as the Colonial Athletic Association) men's basketball tournament in 1983. It is named for E. Claiborne Robins Sr, class of 1931, who, along with his family, have been leading benefactors for the school. The opening of the Robins Center returning Spider basketball to an on-campus facility for the first time since the mid-1940s when it outgrew Millhiser Gymnasium. In the intervening decades, the Spiders played home games in numerous locations around the Richmond area, including the Richmond Coliseum (1971–1972), the Richmond Arena (1954–1971), the Benedictine High School gymnasium (1951–1954), Grays' Armory (1950–1951) and Blues' Armory (1947–1950). The Robins Center arena serves as the location of the University of Richmond's commencement exercises and hosted a 1992 Presidential debate involving Bill Clinton, George H. W. Bush, and Ross Perot.

Document 2617294:
Neighborhoods (Blink-182 album)
Neighborhoods is the sixth studio album by American rock band Blink-182, released September 27, 2011 through DGC Records and Interscope Records. Their first album of new material in eight years (the longest gap between albums to date), its recording followed the band's breakup and later reconciliation. Due to conflicts within the trio, the band entered an "indefinite hiatus" in 2005 and the members explored various side-projects. After two separate tragedies regarding the band and their entourage, the members of the band decided to reunite in late 2008, with plans for a new album and tour. It is the first Blink-182 album produced by the band members without the help of an outside record producer and the final studio album to feature Tom DeLonge before his departure in 2015.

Document 6849651:
Shimek
Shimek, Szymek, or Simek are different spellings of a Czech family name. The name is derived from Czech and Croatian Šimek, or Polish Szymek. The name comes from a hypocorism of the name Simon (Szymon in Polish and Czech). Shimek is the Anglicized spelling.

Document 5282963:
Chiles-Whitted UFO encounter
The Chiles-Whitted UFO encounter occurred on July 24, 1948 in the skies near Montgomery, Alabama. Two commercial pilots, Clarence S. Chiles and John B. Whitted, claimed that at approximately 2:45 AM on July 24 they observed a "glowing object" pass by their plane before it appeared to pull up into a cloud and travel out of sight. According to Air Force officer and Project Blue Book supervisor Edward J. Ruppelt, the Chiles-Whitted sighting was one of three "classic" UFO incidents in 1948 that convinced the personnel of Project Sign, Blue Book's predecessor, "that UFOs were real." However, later studies by Air Force and civilian researchers indicated that Chiles and Whitted had seen a meteor, possibly a bolide, and in 1959 Project Blue Book formally stated that a meteor was the cause of the incident.

Document 2011437:
Danny Worth
Daniel Weston Worth (born September 30, 1985) is an American professional baseball infielder who is currently a free agent. He previously played for the SK Wyverns of the KBO League and for the Detroit Tigers and the Houston Astros of the Major League Baseball (MLB).

Document 1143242:
Brendan Cole
Brendan Cole (born 23 April 1976) is a New Zealand ballroom dancer, specialising in Latin American dancing. He is most famous for appearing as a professional dancer on the BBC One show, "Strictly Come Dancing". From 2005 to 2009, he was a judge on the New Zealand version of the show, "Dancing with the Stars".

Document 3642121:
Eric Chavez
Eric Cesar Chavez (born December 7, 1977) is a Mexican American former professional baseball third baseman. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Oakland Athletics (1998–2010), New York Yankees (2011–2012), and Arizona Diamondbacks (2013–2014). Chavez is a special assistant with the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim.

Document 4644612:
America's Music: The Roots of Country
America's Music: The Roots of Country is a 1996 three-part, six episode documentary about the history of American country music directed by Tom Neff and Jerry Aronson and written by Neff and Robert K. Oermann. The film touches on many of the styles of music that make up country music, including: Old-time music, Cajun music, Folk music, Rockabilly, Western music, Western swing, the Bakersfield sound, Honky-tonk and the Nashville sound. Country music artist and actor Kris Kristofferson narrates the three-part series.

Document 3041850:
Qionghai Bo'ao Airport
Qionghai Bo'ao Airport (IATA: BAR, ICAO: ZJQH) is an airport serving the city of Qionghai in Hainan Province, China. The airport received approval from the national government in January 2013, and was opened on 17 March 2016 after three years of construction.

Document 7198322:
110 in the Shade
110 in the Shade is a musical with a book by N. Richard Nash, lyrics by Tom Jones, and music by Harvey Schmidt.

Document 1360433:
Sembilang National Park
Sembilang National Park is a national park covering 2,051 km along the east coast of Sumatra, Indonesia. The park is dominated by swamps as peat forests, like the neighbouring Berbak National Park, and both parks are Ramsar wetlands of international importance. The park is considered to have the most complex shorebird community in the world, with 213 species recorded, and supports the world's largest breeding colony of milky storks. From Palembang to the Sembilang National Park needs one hour drive plus one and a half hour by boat and then one hour overland.

Document 4168333:
2009 CONCACAF U-20 Championship qualifying
The 2009 CONCACAF U-20 Championship qualifying tournament determined the Caribbean and Central American Under-20 association football national teams that would participate in the 2009 CONCACAF U-20 Championship, which itself will qualify national teams to the 2009 FIFA U-20 World Cup. Qualification began on 14 May 2008. The final round of qualification was a one-game playoff on 2 March 2009, between the runner-up from the Caribbean zone, St Vincent and the Grenadines, and the 3rd-place finisher from the Central American zone, Honduras. The three North American zone nations, Canada, Mexico, and the United States, as well as tournament hosts Trinidad and Tobago, were automatically entered into the final tournament without need for qualification.

Document 2999683:
Windows Live Toolbar
Windows Live Toolbar was a browser extension toolbar for Internet Explorer. It superseded MSN Search Toolbar. Windows Live Toolbar provided a simple search interface that starts to list results as the user types in a search query, and uses Bing as its search engine. The toolbar also allows users to synchronize their Internet Explorer favorites across multiple computers, and provides an interface to Windows Live and MSN services.

Document 2267561:
Earthquake bomb
The earthquake bomb, or seismic bomb, was a concept that was invented by the British aeronautical engineer Barnes Wallis early in World War II and subsequently developed and used during the war against strategic targets in Europe. A seismic bomb differs somewhat in concept from traditional bombs, which usually explode at or near the surface, and destroy their target directly by explosive force. In contrast, a seismic bomb is dropped from high altitude to attain very high speed as it falls and upon impact, penetrates and explodes deep underground, causing massive caverns or craters known as "camouflets", as well as intense shockwaves. In this way, the seismic bomb can affect targets that are too massive to be affected by a conventional bomb, as well as damage or destroy difficult targets such as bridges and viaducts.

Document 7772195:
Gracenote
Gracenote, Inc. provides music, video and sports metadata and automatic content recognition (ACR) technologies to entertainment services and companies, worldwide. Gracenote's music recognition technologies compare digital music files to a worldwide database of music information, enabling digital audio devices to identify songs. The company licenses its technologies to developers of consumer electronics devices and online media players, who integrate the technologies into media players, home and car stereos, and digital music devices. The company operates five businesses: Music, Video, Sports, Automotive and Video Personalization. Headquartered in Emeryville, California, the company employs approximately 1,700 people in 20 offices around the world. Gracenote is now a Nielsen company.

Document 6563023:
Lajwanti
Lajwanti is a 1958 Indian drama film directed by Narendra Suri. It was entered into the 1959 Cannes Film Festival, where it was nominated for the Palme d'Or for Best Film.

Document 2878919:
Ted Nugent
Theodore Anthony Nugent ( ; born December 13, 1948) is an American singer-songwriter, musician and activist. Nugent initially gained fame as the lead guitarist of the Amboy Dukes, a band formed in 1963 that played psychedelic rock and hard rock. After playing with the Amboy Dukes, he embarked on a solo career.

Document 4338417:
List of Danish sculptors
This is a list of sculptors who were born or whose creative production is associated with Denmark:

Document 8350507:
2000–01 New Jersey Nets season
The 2000–01 NBA season was the Nets' 34th season in the National Basketball Association, and 25th season in East Rutherford, New Jersey. The Nets won the Draft Lottery and selected Kenyon Martin with the first overall pick in the 2000 NBA draft, while signing free agent Aaron Williams during the offseason. Under new head coach Byron Scott, the Nets got off to a 6–4 start, but then lost nine consecutive games while losing 17 of their next 20 games. Injuries limited Keith Van Horn to 49 games, and Kendall Gill to 31 games, while Kerry Kittles missed the entire season with a knee injury. The Nets lost their final six games finishing sixth in the Atlantic Division with a 26–56 record. Despite their struggles, Stephon Marbury averaged 23.9 points per game and was selected for the 2001 NBA All-Star Game.

Document 1805827:
ThalesRaytheonSystems
Thales-Raytheon Systems Company LLC (ThalesRaytheonSystems or TRS) is an aerospace and defence company co-headquartered in Massy, Paris, France and Fullerton, California, United States, and a 50:50 joint venture between Raytheon and Thales Group. ThalesRaytheon was formed in June, 2001, for the purpose of combining the radar and Command, Control, Communications, Computers and Intelligence or C4I systems efforts of the two firms.

Document 7265860:
Jesús Castillo (composer)
Jesús Castillo Monterroso (1877-1946) was a Guatemalan composer. He was the first musician to collect a sizable amount of Guatemalan folk music, which he later used in works such as his opera "Quiché Vinak", as well as ouvertures and symphonic poems. His piano music, as well as his orchestral output, reflects the fusion of his contemporary art with Mayan mythology such as legends and myths from the "Popol Vuh." The national youth orchestra of Guatemala, the Orquesta Sinfónica Jesús Castillo (established in 1997), was named in his honor.

Document 9700658:
Billy Joel in Concert
Billy Joel in Concert is a concert tour by the American singer-songwriter Billy Joel. After several concerts beforehand, in the fall of 2013, the concert tour began in Sunrise, Florida, and is scheduled to end in New York City at Madison Square Garden on December 20, 2017.

Document 3523621:
Motor Torpedo Boat Squadrons Training Center
The Motor Torpedo Boat Squadrons Training Center is a former United States Navy training facility in Melville, Rhode Island, which instructed naval personnel in the operation of PT boats. It was closed after World War II ended.

Document 9535161:
Ted Post
Ted Post (March 31, 1918 – August 20, 2013) was an American director of film and television. Highly prolific, Post directed numerous episodes of well-known television series including "Rawhide, Gunsmoke," and "The Twilight Zone" as well as blockbuster films such as "Beneath the Planet of the Apes" and "Magnum Force".

Document 4361005:
Cleveland State Vikings men's golf
The Cleveland State Vikings men's golf team represents Cleveland State University in the sport of golf. The Vikings compete in Division I of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) and the Horizon League. They are currently led by head coach Steve Weir. The Cleveland State Vikings men's golf program has won nine Horizon League championships. Cleveland State has the most men's golf titles in the history of the Horizon League at nine.

Document 3539743:
Malangutti Sar
Malangutti Sar is a mountain in the Karakoram mountains with a height of 7,207 metres (23,645 feet). It is the 104th tallest mountain on Earth and located in Shimshal Valley.

Document 3352507:
Gervase Hughes
Gervase Alfred Booth Hughes (1 September 1905 – July 1984) was an English composer, conductor and writer on music. From 1926 to 1933, Hughes pursued a career as a conductor and chorus master, principally at the British National Opera Company, and also co-produced Shakespeare plays. He left the musical profession in 1933, raising a family and working first as an executive in a railway company and later running luxury European tours. From 1960 to 1972 he published a series of books on musical subjects, beginning with a study of the music of Arthur Sullivan, published in 1960.

Document 2241325:
Westside Story (song)
"Westside Story" is the debut single by American rapper and West Coast hip hop artist the Game. The song was produced by both Dr. Dre and Scott Storch, and was co-written by Mike Elizondo, Dre, Storch, the Game and 50 Cent. It was released in 2004 as the lead single from Game's debut studio album "The Documentary". The song debuted at #99 and peaked at #93 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It was an airplay-only release, thus no music video for the song was made. Rolling Stone's review of the album described this song as "a kind of L.A. version of "In da Club". The Game has stated that this song is a tribute to Tupac Shakur, with a direct reference to him, saying "I got +California Love+ fuckin' bitches to that Pac shit." The Game also makes references to Tupac's songs, "California Love" and "Against All Odds". Other references include: Nate Dogg, Tha Dogg Pound (D.P.G.) and their song "New York", Westside Connection, Michael Jackson and his album "Thriller", DJ Pooh and Kool G Rap. There is a remix featuring Snoop Dogg singing the hook and a version with both Snoop Dogg and 50 Cent on it.

Document 1477784:
Michelangelo
Michelangelo di Lodovico Buonarroti Simoni ( ; ] ; 6 March 1475 – 18 February 1564) was an Italian sculptor, painter, architect, and poet of the High Renaissance born in the Republic of Florence, who exerted an unparalleled influence on the development of Western art. Considered to be the greatest living artist during his lifetime, he has since been described as one of the greatest artists of all time. Despite making few forays beyond the arts, his versatility in the disciplines he took up was of such a high order that he is often considered a contender for the title of the archetypal Renaissance man, along with his rival and fellow Florentine Medici client, Leonardo da Vinci.

Document 3146616:
Kjell Roos Band
Kjell Roos Band is a dansband in Vallsta, Sweden. The band was formed in 1969 by the brothers Kjell, Anders and Sven-Åke as "Bröderna Roos" (the Roos brothers). In the mid-1970s they changed their name to "Roosarna". Since 1975, it is a full-time playing band. In 1982, the band begun to cooperate with Kikki Danielsson.

Document 4517141:
Prato textile museum
The Campolmi Factory, the Prato textile museum and Lazzerini Library is a textile museum and library in Prato in Tuscany, Italy.

Document 5345732:
Abuse scandal in the Sisters of Mercy
Allegations of abuse of children in certain institutions owned, managed, and largely staffed by the Sisters of Mercy, in Ireland, form a sub-set of allegations of child abuse (many of them substantiated) made against Catholic clergy and members of Catholic Religious Institutes in several countries in the late 20th century. The abusive conduct allegedly perpetrated at institutions run by the Sisters of Mercy ranged from overuse of corporal punishment to emotional abuse, and included some accusations of sexual abuse by lay persons employed at the institutions.

Document 2678829:
Jessica Lee (figure skater)
Jessica Lee (born December 12, 1999) is an American figure skater.

Document 6479762:
British Nationality (Hong Kong) Selection Scheme
The British Nationality (Hong Kong) Selection Scheme, usually known in Hong Kong as simply the British Nationality Selection Scheme (BNSS), was a process whereby the Governor of Hong Kong, by Order of Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom in the British Privy Council, invited certain classes of people, who were permanent residents of Hong Kong with the right of abode, under the Hong Kong Immigration Ordinance, "Chapter 115" "", and who were also considered British nationals under Parts II, III and IV and Part V, Section 38, of the British Nationality Act 1981, "Chapter 61", but were not British citizens (with the right of abode in the United Kingdom) under Part I, Sections 1 and 2, of the 1981 Act, to apply to be considered and then be selected to become registered as British citizens under the British Nationality (Hong Kong) Act 1990, "Chapter 34", by the British Home Secretary, under the advice and the recommendation of the Governor with the consent of the British Foreign Secretary.

Document 9949336:
Stuart Parker (politician)
Stuart Parker (born 1972) was leader of the Green Party in British Columbia, Canada, from 1993 to 2000. In 2009, during the Ontario by-election to replace MPP Michael Bryant, he unsuccessfully sought the Ontario New Democratic Party nomination for the St. Paul's provincial riding.

Document 7735482:
EAR Magazine
Ear Magazine was a monthly music magazine devoted to new music. The magazine was in circulation between 1973 and 1991. It often dealt with musical applications of feminism, politics, and the environment. It was also notable for its extensive listings of new music events in the Bay Area, and later, New York.

Document 8731003:
Professional League of Legends competition
Professional "League of Legends" competition involves professional gamers competing in the multiplayer online battle arena game, "League of Legends", published by Riot Games in 2009. Professional tournaments began in 2011 with Season 1 Championship debuting at DreamHack in Sweden.

Document 2026454:
Café Central
Café Central is a traditional Viennese café located at Herrengasse 14 in the Innere Stadt first district of Vienna, Austria. The café occupies the ground floor of the former Bank and Stockmarket Building, today called the Palais Ferstel after its architect Heinrich von Ferstel.

Document 4202560:
Polygamy in Australia
Polygamy is not permitted in Australia. Polygamous marriages may not be performed in Australia, and a person who marries another person, knowing that the previous marriage is still subsisting, commits an offence of bigamy under section 94 of the Marriage Act 1961, which carries a maximum penalty of 5 years imprisonment. Whether or not either or both partners were aware of the previous subsisting marriage, the second marriage is void. Foreign polygamous marriages are not recognized in Australia. However, a foreign marriage that is not polygamous but could potentially become polygamous at a later date under the law of the country where the marriage took place is recognized in Australia while any subsequent polygamous marriage is not.

Document 7325627:
Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham...
Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham... (English: "Sometimes there's Happiness, Sometimes there's Sorrow"), also known as K3G, is a 2001 Indian family drama film written and directed by Karan Johar and produced by Yash Johar. The film stars Amitabh Bachchan, Jaya Bachchan, Shah Rukh Khan, Kajol, Hrithik Roshan and Kareena Kapoor in leading roles, with Rani Mukerji appearing in an extended cameo appearance. The music was composed by Jatin Lalit, Sandesh Shandilya and Aadesh Shrivastava, with lyrics penned by Sameer and Anil Pandey. The background score was composed by Babloo Chakravarty. The film tells the story of an Indian family, which faces troubles and misunderstandings over their adopted son's marriage to a girl belonging to a lower socio-economic group than them.

Document 3732723:
Huber Manufacturing Co.
The New Huber Traction engine company of Marion, Ohio, built engines from 1885 to 1903. In several respects the engines were different from their competitors in that the boilers had return tubes, (a two pass system, much like a marine boiler) and engines were reversed on top of the boiler (contrary to conventional practice with engine forward and crank at rear). The boilers were economical as they captured more heat from the stack gases.

Document 4499464:
Denization
Denization is an obsolete or defunct process in England and Ireland and the later Kingdom of Great Britain, the United Kingdom, and the British Empire, dating back to the 13th century, by which an alien (foreigner), through letters patent, became a denizen, thereby obtaining certain rights otherwise only normally enjoyed by the King's (or Queen's) subjects, including the right to hold land. The denizen was neither a subject (with citizenship or nationality) nor an alien, but had a status akin to permanent residency today. While one could become a subject via naturalisation, this required a private act of Parliament (or latterly of a colonial legislature); in contrast, denization was cheaper, quicker, and simpler. Denization fell into obsolescence when the British Nationality and Status of Aliens Act 1914 simplified the naturalisation process.

Document 7382330:
20th Century Fox Film Noir
20th Century Fox Film Noir refers to a collection of films released on DVD by 20th Century Fox. The series, a spinoff of the earlier "Fox Studio Classics" line, was premiered in March 2005, with the release of the inaugural titles "Call Northside 777", "Laura" and "Panic in the Streets". Like the earlier "Studio Classics" line, "Fox Film Noir" DVDs are numbered on their spines.

Document 7012792:
Do It to It
"Do It to It" is the lead single from girl group Cherish's album "Unappreciated". "Do It to It" features rap/hip hop artist Sean P from YoungBloodZ (not to be confused with Sean Paul, the reggae/dancehall artist, or Sean Price, the late rapper). The song peaked at number 12 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in its fifteenth week of release. It also reached number 15 on the "Billboard" Hot Digital Songs chart and number 8 on the Hot 100 Airplay chart. It had strong video play on BET and reached number 2 on "106 & Park". The song played for the limit of 65 days on the countdown and was eventually retired. It was the only video to be retired that year that did not reach number one.

Document 7046381:
Yorkshire Air Ambulance
Yorkshire Air Ambulance is a dedicated helicopter emergency service for the Yorkshire and the Humber region of England. It was introduced on 1 April 2000, and currently operates two Airbus H145 aircraft. The Yorkshire Air Ambulance is maintained by the Yorkshire Air Ambulance Trust, a registered charity. The air ambulance's flagship base is located at Nostell Priory and has landing pads at various major hospitals around the region including Leeds General Infirmary, Hull Royal Infirmary and James Cook University Hospital in Middlesbrough. In October 2007, a second base was opened at Sheffield City Airport. The airport then closed at the end of April 2008 but a heliport facility was still provided for the use of the air ambulance and the South Yorkshire Police helicopter. In November 2010, the operational base for the Sheffield-based aircraft was moved to Bagby Airport near Thirsk.

Document 6082313:
Disk Usage Analyzer
Disk Usage Analyzer is a graphical disk usage analyzer for GNOME. It was part of gnome-utils, but was split off for GNOME 3.4. It was originally named Baobab after the "Adansonia" tree. The software gives the user a menu-driven, graphical representation of what is on a disk drive. The interface allows for selection of specific parts of filesystem being scanned so a single folder, the entire filesystem, and even remote folders and filesystems can be scanned. The graphical representation can be switched between a ring chart and a treemap chart so the presentation can be tailored to the specific content being scanned.

Document 5608971:
The Allure of Chanel
The Allure of Chanel (French: l'Allure de Chanel ) are the memoirs of the French fashion designer Coco Chanel, told to her friend Paul Morand. The book was written in the winter of 1946 and is based on a series of conversations held at a hotel in St. Moritz, Switzerland, where Chanel had invited Morand to write her memoirs. The conversations took place during the evenings and each night Morand stayed up to write notes. The notes were published in French in 1976 and in English in 2008, translated by Euan Cameron. A second English edition was published in 2012, expanded with original drawings by Karl Lagerfeld.

Document 5929377:
How High
How High is a 2001 stoner film starring Method Man and Redman, written by Dustin Lee Abraham, and director Jesse Dylan's debut feature film.

Document 4047980:
Rickert v. Public Disclosure Commission
Rickert v. Pub. Disclosure Comm'n (2007) was a Washington State Supreme Court case dealing with the First Amendment to the United States Constitution and the regulation of political speech. The case invalidated a Washington law that allowed for sanctions for statements made about a candidate for political office, if those statements were found by the State's Public Disclosure Commission to be false and to have been made with actual malice. The Court's decision was divided 5-4.

Document 7716059:
She's a Woman (And Now He Is a Man)
"She's A Woman (And Now He Is A Man)" is a song by Hüsker Dü from their album "". The song was released to radio as a promotional single in 1987 and was written and sung by Grant Hart.

Document 3975579:
Pond Inlet
Pond Inlet (Inuktitut: Mittimatalik, in English "the place where the landing place is") is a small, predominantly Inuit community in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada, and is located in northern Baffin Island. At the 2016 census the population was 1,617, an increase of 4.4% from the 2011 census Pond Inlet was named in 1818 by explorer John Ross for John Pond, an English astronomer. The mayor is Charlie Inuarak. Tununiq Sauniq Cooperative Limited, most often referred to simply as the Co-op, also operates a local hotel and other endeavours.

Document 9865037:
The Joe Schmo Show
The Joe Schmo Show is a reality television hoax show created by Paul Wernick and Rhett Reese. The series is broadcast in the U.S. on the cable network Spike. The show's premise is that a target person or persons are led to believe that they are contestants on a reality television show; in reality, all of the other participants in the purported show – including the host – are actors, and their actions and the outcome of the purported show are all scripted in an attempt to elicit comedic reactions from the targets. The show's first season, The Joe Schmo Show, aired in 2003, and its second season, Joe Schmo 2, aired in 2004. The first season's hoax was conducted as a typical reality competition show while the second hoax was a "Bachelor"-like dating series.

Document 8651518:
2007 Memorial Cup
The 2007 MasterCard Memorial Cup was played in May 2007 in Vancouver, British Columbia, at the Pacific Coliseum. It was the 89th annual Memorial Cup competition and determined the major junior ice hockey champion of the Canadian Hockey League (CHL). The tournament was competed between the WHL champion Medicine Hat Tigers, the OHL champion Plymouth Whalers, the QMJHL champion Lewiston Maineiacs, and the host team and tournament champion Vancouver Giants, who were competing in their second consecutive national junior championship. The Memorial Cup tournament was a four team tournament with a round-robin format. The Giants won their first Memorial Cup, defeating Medicine Hat 3–1 in the second all-WHL final in tournament history (the first was in 1989). The tournament set a new Memorial Cup attendance record with 121,561 fans attending the nine games. The previous record of 84,686 was set at the 2003 tournament in Quebec City.

Document 5742020:
Felix Gantmacher
Felix Ruvimovich Gantmacher (Russian: Феликс Рувимович Гантмахер ) (23 February 1908 – 16 May 1964) was a Soviet mathematician, professor at Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology, well known for his contributions in mechanics, linear algebra and Lie group theory. In 1925–1926 he participated in seminar guided by Nikolai Chebotaryov in Odessa and wrote his first research paper in 1926.

Document 9921493:
Shire of Eacham
The Shire of Eacham was a local government area of Queensland. It was located on the Atherton Tableland, a plateau forming part of the Great Dividing Range west of the city of Cairns. The shire, administered from the town of Malanda, covered an area of 1126.4 km2 , and existed as a local government entity from 1910 until 2008, when it amalgamated with several other councils in the Tableland area to become the Tablelands Region.

Document 7060427:
Melbourne City FC (W-League)
Melbourne City FC, also known as the Melbourne City Women, represents Melbourne City in the W-League, the top division women's football (soccer) league in Australia. Founded in 2015, the club has its training and administration based at the City Football Academy in Melbourne and plays home games at both the CB Smith Reserve in the northern suburb of Fawkner and at AAMI Park near the Melbourne city centre. The head coach of the team is player Jess Fishlock.

Document 9504541:
Dorsa Aldrovandi
Dorsa Aldrovandi is a wrinkle ridge system at in Mare Serenitatis on the Moon. It is about 136 km long and was named after the 16th century Italian naturalist Ulissi Aldrovandi in 1976. It starts roughly parallel to Dorsa Smirnov. The north end of the feature is at the crater Le Monnier, and the south end is close to the craters Clerke and Abetti.

Document 9811471:
Prince George, Duke of Kent
Prince George, Duke of Kent, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (George Edward Alexander Edmund; 20 December 1902 – 25 August 1942) was the fourth son of George V of the United Kingdom and Queen Mary.

Document 8813403:
Ye-jun
Ye-jun is a Korean masculine given name. There are 34 hanja with the reading "ye" and 34 hanja with the reading "jun" on the South Korean government's official list of hanja which may be used in given names. It was the seventh-most popular name for newborn boys in South Korea in 2008, rising to sixth place in 2009 and remaining at sixth place in 2015.

Document 4458525:
1965 Claxton Shield
The 1965 Claxton Shield was the 26th annual Claxton Shield, it was held in Sydney. The participants were South Australia, New South Wales, Victoria, Western Australia and Queensland. Victoria won their 8th Claxton Shield title in poor weather conditions similar to that of the 1964 Shield.

Document 1761173:
Brian Edmeades
Brian Ernest Arthur Edmeades (born 17 September 1941) is a former English cricketer who enjoyed a successful county cricket career with Essex between 1961 and 1976. Edmeades was an all rounder who went on to score over 15,000 runs, including 15 centuries, and took 500 wickets for his county.

Document 2140916:
1976–77 San Antonio Spurs season
The 1976–77 NBA season was the Spurs first season in the NBA. Months earlier, the Spurs were part of the American Basketball Association (Six in Dallas and three in San Antonio). The ABA had ended its ninth and last campaign. Of the seven remaining ABA teams, four joined the NBA: the Denver Nuggets, New York Nets, Indiana Pacers and San Antonio Spurs. The Kentucky Colonels and Spirits of St. Louis agreed to take a cash settlement and cease operations. Immediately, the ABA players were dispersed across the new 22-team league. The other ABA teams from the prior season were all folded prior to the ABA–NBA merger: the Baltimore Claws, Utah Stars, San Diego Sails and Virginia Squires.

Document 3613190:
Saravana Stores
Saravana Stores is a chain of retail stores, located in T Nagar, Purasawalkam, Chrompet and Padi, Chennai (Anna Nagar); selling textiles, jewellery, vessels and a wide range of consumer products. It is the largest family owned business retail chain in India. According to Kishore Biyani of bigbazaar, it is India’s No 1 retail store in one locality. The group has been growing rapidly over the past five-year and are likely to branch out to metro cities like Mumbai, Delhi and Bangalore, though the group is conservative in business. New Saravana Selvaratnam was opened in Tirunelveli in December 23, 2016. New Saravana Selvaratnam was opened in Madurai in May 5, 2017

Document 7891727:
Heaven and Hell (essay)
Heaven and Hell is a philosophical essay by Aldous Huxley published in 1956. Huxley derived the title from William Blake's book "The Marriage of Heaven and Hell". The essay discusses the relationship between bright, colorful objects, geometric designs, psychoactives, art, and profound experience. Heaven and Hell metaphorically refer to what Huxley conceives to be two contrary mystical experiences that potentially await when one opens the "doors of perception"—not only in a mystical experience, but in prosaic life.

Document 4860502:
United States v. Drew
United States v. Drew is the final decision in a criminal case that charged Lori Drew of violations of the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act (CFAA) over the alleged cyberbullying of a 13-year-old, Megan Meier, who committed suicide. The federal district court vacated the jury's verdict convicting Drew of a misdemeanor violation of the CFAA.

Document 8571366:
Death Duel of Kung Fu
Death Duel of Kung Fu is 1979 martial art movie, directed by William Cheung Ki and starring John Liu, Don Wong Tao and Eagle Han-ying. It is also known as Showdown of the Master Warriors and Return of the Secret Rivals as an alternate title. With in say, the movie has no relationship with the Secret Rivals trilogy but most of the filming locations took places in South Korea although the story is set in China, which makes the result that it makes a similar storyline as Secret Rivals. It is also Eagle Han-ying`s first Hong Kong movie debut.

Document 2471869:
Mustafa Arslanović
Mustafa Arslanović (born February 24, 1960 in Bosanski Novi, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Bosnian football defender who played for SFR Yugoslavia. Arslanović earned his first and only international cap on 25 March 1987 with SFR Yugoslavia in a winning game against Austria.

Document 2162105:
Enbridge Line 5
Enbridge Line 5 is a major oil pipeline in the Enbridge Lakehead System, which conveys petroleum from western Canada to eastern Canada via the Great Lakes states. Line 5 is particularly notable for passing under the environmentally sensitive Straits of Mackinac, which connect Lake Michigan to Lake Huron. As of December 2013, it is capable of carrying 540,000 oilbbl of oil per day. It carries synthetic crude, natural gas liquids, sweet crude, and light sour crude.

Document 3654556:
Kärgeräs – Return from Oblivion
Kärgeräs – Return from Oblivion is the tenth studio album by Czech black/heavy metal band Root. Originally announced on 28 September 2016, it was eventually released on 25 November through Agonia Records, and is their first studio album in 5 years since "Heritage of Satan". As the title implies, it is a concept album that serves as a sequel to their previous 1996 release, "Kärgeräs". Two songs off the album, "Life of Demon" and "Moment of Fright", were released in advance as teasers on their record label's official Bandcamp page as well as on YouTube.

Document 3560283:
Gilbert Rohde
Gilbert Rohde (1894–1944), whose career as a furniture and industrial designer helped to define American modernism during its first phase from the late 1920s to World War II, is best known today for inaugurating modern design at Herman Miller Inc.

Document 9015983:
Naqoyqatsi
Naqoyqatsi ( ), also known as Naqoyqatsi: Life as War, is a 2002 film directed by Godfrey Reggio and edited by Jon Kane, with music composed by Philip Glass. It is the third and final film in the Qatsi trilogy.
