Below are some documents. I will give you a text at the end. Please find the document index of the text. Only give me the index without any document contents.

Document 9797692:
Women in Benin
The state of the rights of women in Benin has improved markedly since the restoration of democracy and the ratification of the Constitution, and the passage of the Personal and Family Code in 2004, both of which overrode various traditional customs that systematically treated women unequally. Still, inequality and discrimination persist. Polygamy and forced marriage are illegal but still occur. Enforcement of the law against rape, the punishment for which can be up to five years in prison, is hampered by corruption, ineffective police work, and fear of social stigma. Police incompetence results in most sexual offenses being reduced to misdemeanors. Domestic violence is widespread, with penalties of up to 3 years in prison, but women are reluctant to report cases and authorities are reluctant to intervene in what are generally considered private matters.

Document 3619042:
Real estate benchmarking
Real estate benchmarking is the standard of measurement used to analyze the financial characteristics of a real estate investment property. In the general sense, real estate benchmarking refers to the comparison of potential real estate investment properties against a predetermined framework of measurement. In a narrow sense, the term real estate benchmarking refers to the specific real estate indicators used to measure the real estate properties.

Document 2427388:
Ruth Inge Hardison
Ruth Inge Hardison (February 3, 1914 – March 23, 2016) was an African American sculptor, artist, and photographer, known particularly for her 1960s busts (or sculpted portraits) entitled "Negro Giants in History". Her 1983 collection called "Our Folks", which features sculpted portraits of everyday people, is also of note. Hardison's artistic productions largely surround historical black portraiture, and she is especially interested in creatively representing the unspoken voices of the African American past. She was the only female in the Black Academy of Arts and Letters (BAAL), a group that encourages awareness of Black artistic accomplishments, when this organization was founded in 1969.

Document 6357242:
Alejandro Santiago Ciena
Alejandro Santiago Ciena is a Latin Grammy Award-winner music video director. Santiago is the director of the production company Crema Batida Films, and also has credits as a second unit director for the Puerto-Rican film "Manuela y Manuel" (2007). Santiago is best known for his work directing music videos for the Puerto-Rican band Calle 13; Santiago is cousin of René Pérez (Residente), the band's lead singer. The first video directed for the band was "Calma Pueblo", the lead single of "Entren Los Que Quieran" in 2010. The video presented Calle 13 as terrorists dressed as nuns and was deemed as "violent" by Judy Cantor-Navas of "Billboard" magazine. Santiago, commented about the concept of the video, which uses nudity as a representation of freedom: "We wanted the lyrics and the visuals to be strong... we wanted it to be real, but still have a positive message to the show the union of people who fight to produce art." The video was recorded in Milla de Oro, San Juan, Puerto Rico, and was intended as a tribute to the work of American photographer Spencer Tunick. Calle 13 and Santiago received the Latin Grammy Award for Best Short Form Music Video for "Calma Pueblo".

Document 7686174:
Calculus of moving surfaces
The calculus of moving surfaces (CMS) is an extension of the classical tensor calculus to deforming manifolds. Central to the CMS is the formula_1-derivative whose original definition was put forth by Jacques Hadamard. It plays the role analogous to that of the covariant derivative formula_2 on differential manifolds. In particular, it has the property that it produces a tensor when applied to a tensor.

Document 6639966:
Four Cs of 21st century learning
The Four Cs of 21st century learning, also known as the Four Cs or 4 Cs, are four skills that have been identified by the United States-based Partnership for 21st Century Skills (P21) as the most important skills required for 21st century education: critical thinking, communication, collaboration, and creativity.

Document 2511341:
Louisiana State Police
The Louisiana State Police is the state police department of Louisiana, which has jurisdiction anywhere in the state, headquartered in Baton Rouge. It falls under the authority of the Louisiana Department of Public Safety & Corrections. It is officially known in that organization as the Office of State Police. The badge worn by its troopers is very distinctive in that it is shaped like the state of Louisiana. The Louisiana State Police is a premier law enforcement agency in Louisiana and was accredited by the Commission on Accreditation for Law Enforcement Agencies (CALEA) from 2003 to 2008. The agency voluntarily ceased its association with CALEA in 2008.

Document 6038238:
South Phoenix
South Phoenix is a region of Phoenix, Arizona, with the boundaries of the Gila River Indian Community to the south and west, 48th Street or Interstate-10 (Phoenix/Tempe and Phoenix/Chandler borders) to the east, and the Salt River to the north. This area includes Phoenix's following Urban Villages: South Mountain Village (aka South Mountain District) along with Laveen Village and Ahwatukee Village. The area is sometimes simply referred to as "the Southside" by its residents. Major arterial east-west streets include Broadway Road, Southern Avenue, Baseline Road, Dobbins Road, Elliott Road, Warner Road, Chandler Boulevard, and Pecos Road, most of which connect South Phoenix with the suburbs of Tempe and Chandler. Major arterial south-north streets include 24th Street, 16th Street, 7th Street, Central Avenue, 7th Avenue, and 19th Avenue connecting South Mountain Village to Central and North Phoenix; 27th Avenue, 35th Avenue, 43rd Avenue, 51st Avenue, 59th Avenue, 67th Avenue, and 75th Avenue connecting Laveen to west Phoenix; and 32nd Street, 40th Street, and 48th Street connecting South Mountain Village to east Phoenix and Tempe.

Document 5191903:
Carl B. Stokes United States Courthouse
The Carl B. Stokes Federal Court House Building is a skyscraper located in downtown Cleveland, Ohio. It is also known as the Carl B. Stokes Federal Court House Tower, Federal Court House Tower, and the Stokes Tower. The 23-story building is 430 ft tall and is located at the corner of Huron Road and Superior Avenue. It is currently the fourth tallest United States courthouse in the country.

Document 3570227:
Clay Lacy
Clay Lacy (born August 14, 1932) is the founder and chief executive officer of Clay Lacy Aviation, established in 1968 as the first executive jet charter company in the Western United States. His professional resume' includes airline captain, military aviator, experimental test pilot, air race champion, world record-setter, aerial cinematographer and business aviation entrepreneur. Lacy has flown more than 300 aircraft types, logged more than 50,000 flight hours and accumulated more hours flying turbine aircraft than any other pilot in the world.

Document 8476199:
S.I.R. John Winston Ono Lennon
S.I.R. John Winston Ono Lennon is a bootleg album of rehearsals before a concert of British musician John Lennon and his wife Yoko Ono, recorded in studio in late August 1972.

Document 1191837:
Pedro Lascuráin
Pedro José Domingo de la Calzada Manuel María Lascuráin Paredes (8 May 1856 – 21 July 1952) was a Mexican politician who served as the 34th President of Mexico for less than one hour on February 19, 1913, the shortest presidency in the history of the world. He had earlier served as Mexico's foreign secretary for two terms and was the director of a small law school in Mexico City for sixteen years.

Document 5445763:
Villard (imprint)
Villard, also known as Villard Books, is a publishing imprint of Random House, one of the largest publishing companies in the world. It was founded in 1983. Villard began as an independent imprint of Random House and is currently a sub-imprint of Ballantine Books, itself an imprint of Random House. It was named after a Stanford White brownstone mansion on Madison Avenue that was the home of Random House for twenty years.

Document 5404991:
Aitor Karanka
Aitor Karanka de la Hoz (] ; born 18 September 1973) is a former footballer who played mainly as a central defender (on occasion, he occupied the left back position), and a current manager.

Document 7417066:
2001 DFS Classic – Doubles
Rachel McQuillan and Lisa McShea were the defending champions but lost in the first round to Kerry-Anne Guse and Alicia Molik.

Document 4323709:
Letterkenny Munitions Center
Letterkenny Munitions Center, located on Letterkenny Army Depot in Franklin County, Pennsylvania, is a satellite activity under Crane Army Ammunition Activity in Crane, Indiana. The center maintains, stores, and demilitarizes tactical missiles and conventional ammunition for the Army, Air Force and Navy. LEMC assembles, disassembles and tests missiles and missile sections and is also responsible for every aspect of conventional ammunition and missiles to include demilitarization, renovation and X-ray.

Document 4803691:
Mammoth Mart
Mammoth Mart was a discount department store chain, located in the northeastern United States, primarily in the New England area. The chain was founded by Max Coffman and Henry Gornstein in Framingham, Massachusetts in 1956, and was something of a prototype for the large, downscale department store, selling housewares, hardware and clothing in stark, unfussy buildings, usually in suburban shopping center locations. Other discount department store retailers like K-Mart, Zayre, and Bradlees would subsequently expand on this concept.

Document 8289551:
Siege of Kuju
The Siege of Kuju which occurred in 1231 was a decisive Goryeo victory against the Mongol Empire. After the Mongol army crossed the Yalu river, it quickly captured almost all of Goryeo's border defenses. The Mongol army, however, ran into stiff resistance both at Anju and the city of Kuju (modern-day Kusong), commanded by General Park Seo.

Document 6966913:
Random House Tower
The Random House Tower, also known as the Park Imperial Apartments, is a 52-story mixed-use tower in New York City, United States, that is used as the headquarters of book publisher Random House and a luxury apartment complex. The book publisher entrance is on Broadway and goes up to 27 floors, while the apartment complex entrance is on West 56th Street.

Document 5861752:
Lago di Tesero Cross Country Stadium
The Lago di Tésero Cross Country Stadium (in italian: "Stadio del fondo di Lago di Tesero") is a sport venue located in the village of Lago, in the municipality of Tésero (Fiemme Valley), in Trentino, northern Italy.

Document 1847581:
Brachinus elegans
Brachinus elegans is a species of ground beetle in the Brachininae subfamily that can be found in Bulgaria, Albania, Austria, Czech Republic, France, Greece, Hungary, Italy, Moldova, Romania, Slovakia, Ukraine, all states of former Yugoslavia (except for Macedonia), in Western Europe, and on the islands such as Sardinia and Sicily. Besides European countries it can be found in Armenia, Iran, Iraq, Kazakhstan and Turkey. It can also be found in North African country of Morocco. The species were also found in Georgia in 2004.

Document 1827302:
Outline of physical science
Physical science is a branch of natural science that studies non-living systems, in contrast to life science. It in turn has many branches, each referred to as a "physical science", together called the "physical sciences". However, the term "physical" creates an unintended, somewhat arbitrary distinction, since many branches of physical science also study biological phenomena and branches of chemistry such as organic chemistry.

Document 7697318:
1959 Mediterranean Games
After visiting Africa and Europe, the Mediterranean Games were for the first time held in Asia in the Lebanese capital of Beirut, thus completing the trio of continents belonging to the Mediterranean Sea. Around a thousand athletes (all men) represented thirteen countries.

Document 9068540:
Zorro (1990 TV series)
Zorro (also known as The New Zorro, New World Zorro, and Zorro 1990) is an American action-adventure drama series featuring Duncan Regehr as the character of Zorro. Regehr portrayed the fearless Latino hero and fencer on The Family Channel from 1990 to 1993. The series was shot entirely in Madrid, Spain and produced by New World Television (U.S.), The Family Channel (U.S.), Ellipse Programme of Canal Plus (France), Beta TV (Germany), and RAI (Italy). 88 episodes of the series were produced, 10 more than the first "Zorro" television series, which was produced by Disney in the late 1950s.

Document 3509536:
Xinhui District
Xinhui, formerly romanized as Sunwui and also known as Kuixiang, is an urban district of Jiangmen in Guangdong, China. It grew from a separate city founded at the confluence of the Tan and West Rivers. It has a population of about 735,500, 98% of whom are Han Chinese but many of whom speak a dialect of Cantonese as their first language. Xinhui is best known in China for its "chenpi", a kind of dried Mandarin orange peel.

Document 3217764:
North Wiltshire (UK Parliament constituency)
North Wiltshire is a constituency represented in the House of Commons of the UK Parliament since 1997 by James Gray, a Conservative. In the period 1832–1983, this was an alternative name for Chippenham or the Northern Division of Wiltshire and as Chippenham dates to the original countrywide Parliament, the Model Parliament, this period is covered in more detail in that article. In 2016 it was announced that the North Wiltshire constituency would be scrapped as part of the planned 2018 Constituency Reforms.

Document 3022334:
Svalbard Act
The Svalbard Act" of 17 July 1925 no. 11, normally referred to as the Svalbard Act" (Norwegian: "Lov om Svalbard" or colloquially "Svalbardloven" ), is a law of Norway which governs the major aspects of the Svalbard archipelago. The law was passed by the Parliament of Norway on 17 July 1925, establishes Norwegian sovereignty of the island, and states that Norwegian criminal law, civil law and procedure law are enforced on the island. Otherwise, other provisions and laws only apply when specified. The act further established the policy for administration, including creating the Governor of Svalbard, and since 2002, Longyearbyen Community Council. The act also establishes rules for real estate and environmental protection.

Document 7158628:
Pershing Square Capital Management
Pershing Square Capital Management is an American hedge fund management company founded and run by Bill Ackman, located at 888 7th Avenue in New York.

Document 4725978:
Sarpino's Pizzeria
Sarpino's Pizzeria is a fast food restaurant chain specializing in pizza, with international operations headquartered in Singapore and U.S. operations headquartered in the Chicago suburb of Lincolnshire, Illinois.

Document 9428900:
Vyto Ruginis
Vyto Ruginis (born Vytautas Ruginis; April 17, 1956) is a Lithuanian American actor and producer. He is best known for playing vampire Russell Winters in the cult TV series "Angel" in its first episode, "City Of", as well as for his appearances in "CSI", "House MD", "The X-Files", "ER", "Law & Order", "" and other television programs. Ruginis also guest-starred in the "" episode "The Arsenal of Freedom".

Document 6483324:
The Nerdist Podcast
The Nerdist Podcast is a weekly interview show "about what it really means to be a nerd" hosted by Chris Hardwick, usually accompanied by Jonah Ray and Matt Mira. The audio podcasts are typically an hour in length and include conversations with notable comedians or entertainers, sometimes at their own home. The show launched February 8, 2010. It serves as the flagship podcast for Nerdist Industries, which was founded in 2012 after the success of "The Nerdist Podcast". The show's theme song is "Jetpack Blues, Sunset Hues" by the chiptune band Anamanaguchi.

Document 4908993:
Real estate technology
Real Estate Technology or Property Technology, often referred to as ("RE Tech") or ("Proptech"), is an economic industry composed of companies which use technology to make real estate transactions more efficient. Real estate technology is a sub-category under financial technology as real estate is an asset class which represents a significant investment. Besides for own stay, there are investors who generate income and capital gains by investing in different categories of Real Estate properties over time - They are broadly residential, commercial and industrial. Historically used as a more tactical investment or for providing portfolio alpha, real estate has been used as part of a long-term core strategy due to increased market efficiency and increasing concerns about the future long-term variability of stock and bond returns. In fact, real estate is known for its ability to serve as a portfolio diversifier and inflation hedge.

Document 7615632:
Spy Myung-wol
Spy Myung-wol () is a 2011 South Korean television series starring Han Ye-seul, Eric Mun, and Lee Jin-wook. It aired on KBS2 from July 11 to September 6, 2011 on Mondays and Tuesdays at 21:55 for 18 episodes.

Document 3483236:
Brad Alexander
Brad Alexander (born February 2, 1971) is an American songwriter and musical theater composer, most notably of the musical "See Rock City & Other Destinations", which won the 2011 Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Book of a Musical, the Richard Rodgers Award and the BMI Foundation’s Jerry Bock Award. He wrote the music and orchestrations for Theatreworks USA’s "Click, Clack, Moo", which premiered Off-Broadway at the Lucille Lortel Theater and received a Drama Desk Award nomination for Outstanding Lyrics and Lucille Lortel Award nominations for Outstanding Choreographer, Outstanding Lyrics and Outstanding Musical. His songs have been featured on Sony Records, Select Records, Showtime’s The L Word, VH1's “Celebreality” campaign, Sirius XM Radio and web series Submissions Only. He is a member of the Songwriters Hall of Fame, National Alliance for Musical Theatre, Dramatists Guild of America and member Emeritus of The BMI Lehman Engel Musical Theatre Workshop. He is married to actress and writer Jill Abramovitz.

Document 7632348:
Flowers of Shanghai
Flowers of Shanghai is a 1998 Taiwanese film directed by Taiwanese director Hou Hsiao-hsien and starring Tony Leung, Hada Michiko, Annie Shizuka Inoh, Shuan Fang, Jack Kao, Carina Lau, Rebecca Pan, Michelle Reis and Vicky Wei. It was voted the third best film of the 1990s in the 1999 Village Voice Film Poll. The film was selected as the Taiwanese entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 71st Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.

Document 2384877:
George von Kunheim
George von Kunheim (July 1523 – 18 October 1611), born in the Prussian city of Wehlau (modern Znamensk) and died in Mühlhausen (modern Gvardeyskoye), married Margaretha Luther, daughter and child of Paul Luther and grandchild of Martin Luther on August 5, 1555.

Document 1690923:
Heavy Love Affair
"Heavy Love Affair" is a funk song recorded by American soul singer Marvin Gaye. Released as the second and last single off Gaye's last Motown album, "In Our Lifetime", in 1981, the song was based on Gaye's real-life emotional crisis after being separated from his wife at the time. In some parts of the song, Gaye knows that he's a major female attraction but still feels the warmth of his lost love saying "lots of ladies love me/but it's still a lonesome town" bringing that point clearer in the next verse saying "you got me looking for love (again)". The song became one of his lowest-charted Billboard hits on the R&B side reaching just #61 there becoming the final release of Gaye's on the Tamla (Motown) label before he left the label for Columbia the next year. The musical background of this song originally came from the song, "Life's a Game of Give and Take" from Marvin's aborted 1979 release, "Love Man"

Document 6113416:
Stephen Marley (musician)
Stephen Robert Nesta "Raggamuffin" Marley (born April 20, 1972) is a Jamaican American musician, who is the son of Bob Marley and his wife Rita Marley. Stephen is an eight-time Grammy award winner, three times as a solo artist, twice as a producer of younger brother Damian Marley's 'Halfway Tree' and 'Welcome to Jamrock' albums, and a further three times as a member of Ziggy Marley & The Melody Makers.

Document 5299058:
Loan modification in the United States
Loan modification is the systematic alteration of mortgage loan agreements that help those having problems making the payments by reducing interest rates, monthly payments or principal balances. Lending institutions could make one or more of these changes to relieve financial pressure on borrowers to prevent the condition of foreclosure. Loan modifications have been practiced in the United States since The 2008 Crash Of The Housing Market from Washington Mutual, Chase Home Finance, Chase, JP Morgan & Chase, other contributors like MER's. Crimes of Mortgage ad Real Estate Staff had long assisted nd finally the squeaky will could not continue as their deviant practices broke the state and crashed. Modification owners either ordered by The United States Department of Housing, The United States IRS or President Obamas letters from Note Holders came to those various departments asking for the Democratic process to help them keep their homes and protection them from explosion. Thus the birth of Modifications. It is yet to date for clarity how theses enforcements came into existence and except b whom, but t is certain that note holders form the Midwest reached out in the Democratic Process for assistance. FBI Mortgage Fraud Department came into existence. Modifications HMAP HARP were also birthed to help note holders get Justice through reduced mortgage by making terms legal. Modification of mortgage terms was introduced by IRS staff addressing the crisis called the HAMP TEAMS that went across the United States desiring the new products to assist homeowners that were victims of predatory lending practices, unethical staff, brokers, attorneys and lenders that contributed to the crash. Modification were a fix to the crash as litigation has ensued as the lenders reorganized and renamed the lending institutions and government agencies are to closely monitor them. Prior to modifications loan holders that experiences crisis would use Loan assumptions and Loan transfers to keep the note in the 1930s. During the Great Depression, loan transfers, loan assumption, and loan bail out programs took place at the state level in an effort to reduce levels of loan foreclosures while the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Federal Trade Commission, Comptroller, the United States Government and State Government responded to lending institution violations of law in these arenas by setting public court records that are legal precedence of such illegal actions. The legal precedents and reporting agencies were created to address the violations of laws to consumers while the Modifications were created to assist the consumers that are victims of predatory lending practices. During the so-called "Great Recession" of the early 21st century, loan modification became a matter of national policy, with various actions taken to alter mortgage loan terms to prevent further economic destabilization. Due to absorbent personal profits nothing has been done to educate Homeowners or Creditors that this money from equity, escrow is truly theirs the Loan Note Holder and it is their monetary rights as the real prize and reason for the Housing Crash was the profit n obtaining the mortgage holders Escrow. The Escrow and Equity that is accursed form the Note Holders payments various staff through the United States claimed as recorded and cashed by all staff in real-estate from local residential Tax Assessing Staff, Real Estate Staff, Ordinance Staff, Police Staff, Brokers, attorneys, lending institutional staff but typically Attorneys who are also typically the owners or Rental properties that are trained through Bankruptcies'. that collect the Escrow that is rightfully the Homeowners but because most Homeowners are unaware of what money is due them and how they can loose their escrow. Most Creditors are unaware that as the note holder that the Note Holder are due a annual or semi annual equity check and again bank or other lending and or legal intuitions staff claim this monies instead. This money Note Holders were unaware of is the prize of real estate and the cause of the Real Estate Crash of 2008 where Lending Institutions provided mortgages to people years prior they know they would eventually loose with Loan holders purchasing Balloon Mortgages lending product that is designed to make fast money off the note holder whom is always typically unaware of their escrow, equity and that are further victimized by conferences and books on HOW TO MAKE MONEY IN REAL STATE - when in fact the money is the Note Holder. The key of the crash was not the House, but the loan product used and the interest and money that was accrued form the note holders that staff too immorally. The immoral and illegal actions of predatory lending station and their staff began with the inception of balloon mortgages although illegal activity has always existed in the arena, yet the crash created "Watch Dog" like HAMP TEAM, IRS, COMPTROLLER< Federal Trade Commission Consumer Protection Bureau, FBI, CIA, Local Police Department, ICE ( The FBI online Computer crime division receives and investigates computer crimes that record keeping staff from title companies, lending institutional staff, legal staff and others created fraudulent documents to change payments and billing of note holders to obtain the money note holders are typically unaware of) and other watch dog agencies came into existence to examine if houses were purchased through a processed check at Government Debited office as many obtained free homes illegally. Many were incarcerated for such illegal actions. Modifications fixed the Notes to proper lower interest, escrow, tax fees that staff typically raised for no reason. Many people from various arenas involved in reals estate have been incarcerated for these actions as well as other illegal actions like charging for a modification. Additionally Modifications were also made to address the falsifications such as inappropriate mortgage charges, filing of fraudulently deeds, reporting of and at times filing of fraudulent mortgages that were already paid off that were fraudulently continued by lenders staff and attorneys or brokers or anyone in the Real Estate Chain through the issues of real estate terms to continue to violate United States Laws, contract law and legal precedence where collusion was often done again to defraud and steal from the Note Holder was such a common practice that was evidence as to why the Mortgage Crash in 2008 occurred for the purpose of wining the prize of stealing form Homeowners and those that foreclosed was actually often purposefully for these monies note holders were unaware of to be obtained which was why Balloon mortgages and loans were given to the staff in the Real Estate Market with the hoper and the expectation that the loan holders would default as it offered opportunity to commit illegal transactions of obtaining the homeowners funds. While such scams were addressed through modifications in 2008. The Market relied heavily on Consumers ignorance to prosper, ignorance of real estate terms, ignorance on what they were to be charged properly for unethical financial gain and while staff in real estates lending arenas mingled terms to deceive y deliberate confusion consumers out of cash and homes while the USA Government provided Justice through President Obamas Inception and IRS Inception of Modifications which addressed these unethical profits in Reals Estate. It was in 2009 that HARP, HAMP and Modifications were introduced to stop the victimization of Note Holders. Taking on the Banks that ran USA Government was a great and dangerous undertaking that made America Great Again as Justice for Consumers reigned. Legal action taken against institutions that have such business practices can be viewed in State Code of Law and Federal Law on precedent cases that are available to the public. Finally, It had been unlawful to be charged by an attorney to modify as well as fro banking staff to modify terms to increase a mortgage and or change lending product to a balloon in an concerted effort to make homeowner foreclose which is also illegal, computer fraud and not the governments intended purpose or definition of a modification.

Document 8246678:
Daniel Florea (politician)
Daniel Florea (born September 19, 1972) is a Romanian lawyer and politician who currently serves as the mayor of Bucharest's Sector 5. A member of the Social Democratic Party (PSD) and former member of the Democratic Party (PD), he has represented Călărași County in the Chamber of Deputies since 2012.

Document 8983516:
Mirabilis multiflora
Mirabilis multiflora is a species of flowering plant in the four o'clock family known by the common name Colorado four o'clock. It is native to the southwestern United States from California to Colorado and Texas, as well as far northern Mexico, where it grows in mostly dry habitat types in a number of regions. It is a perennial herb growing upright to about 80 cm in maximum height. The leaves are oppositely arranged on the spreading stem branches. Each fleshy leaf has an oval or rounded blade up to 12 cm long and is hairless or sparsely hairy. The flowers occur in leaf axils on the upper branches. Usually six flowers bloom in a bell-shaped involucre of five partly fused bracts. Each five-lobed, funnel-shaped flower is 4 to wide and magenta in color.

Document 9467953:
Parc naturel régional du Haut-Jura
The parc naturel régional du Haut-Jura (Jura Mountains Regional Natural Park) is a French regional natural park located in the southwest of the Jura Mountain Range in France, on the French-Swiss border.

Document 1908116:
Alexander Tille
Alexander Tille (April 30, 1866 in Lauenstein – December 16, 1912 in Saarbrücken) was a German philosopher. He published the first English translation of Friedrich Nietzsche's "Also sprach Zarathustra" in 1896.

Document 3322104:
Hounsfield Heights/Briar Hill, Calgary
Hounsfield Heights/Briar Hill is an inner suburban neighbourhood in northwest Calgary, Alberta, Canada. Located north of the Hillhurst and West Hillhurst communities, the boundaries of the district are 16th Avenue N (Trans-Canada Highway)to the north; 14th Street W to the east; Lane north of 7th Avenue N to 19th Street W and 8th Avenue N to the south; and Crowchild Trail, 12th Avenue N, Juniper Road, and 22nd Street W to the west. Lions Park C-Train station is located within the community. The community is built on an escarpment and is popular for its views of downtown to the south and the Rocky Mountains to the west.

Document 7591477:
Negative flag
In a computer processor the negative flag or sign flag is a single bit in a system status (flag) register used to indicate whether the result of the last mathematical operation resulted in a value whose most significant bit was set. In a two's complement interpretation of the result, the negative flag is set if the result was negative.

Document 9419194:
Qaum
Qaum (Arabic: قوم‎ ‎ , Urdu: قوم‎ ) or nation may refer to a community of people who share a common language, culture, ethnicity, descent, and/or history. In this definition, a "nation" has no physical borders. However, it can also refer to people who share a common territory and government (for example the inhabitants of a sovereign state) irrespective of their ethnic make-up. The protean word "Qawm" is of Arabic origin, and is used to refer to any form of solidarity.

Document 9184951:
Lisa Keightley
Lisa Maree Keightley (born 26 August 1971 in Mudgee, New South Wales) is a former Australian cricket player. She was a right-handed batsman and occasional right arm medium pace bowler.

Document 3187332:
31st Cairo International Film Festival
The 31st annual Cairo International Film Festival was held from November 27 to December 7, 2007. English director Nicolas Roeg was the President of the Jury.

Document 4704361:
Ángel Di María
Ángel Fabián Di María Hernández (] ; born 14 February 1988) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays for Ligue 1 club Paris Saint-Germain and the Argentina national team. He can play as either a winger or attacking midfielder.

Document 3262755:
Complicit (play)
Complicit is a play by American playwright Joe Sutton premièred at The Old Vic Theater in London on 7 January 2009.

Document 8723723:
888 7th Avenue
888 7th Avenue is a 628 ft (191m) tall modern-style office skyscraper in Midtown Manhattan which was completed in 1969 and has 46 floors. Emery Roth & Sons designed the building, which is tied with Central Park Place for the 65th tallest building in New York City. It currently carries the Vornado Realty Trust corporate headquarters. Previously known as the Arlen Building, its namesake being the company responsible for its construction, Arlen Realty & Development Corporation. The Red Eye Grill is located in the building at street level.
