Below are some documents. I will give you a text at the end. Please find the document index of the text. Only give me the index without any document contents.

Document 6244264:
Arthur Penn
Arthur Hiller Penn (September 27, 1922 – September 28, 2010) was an American director and producer of film, television and theater. Penn directed critically acclaimed films throughout the 1960s such as the drama "The Chase" (1966), the biographical crime film "Bonnie and Clyde" (1967) and the comedy "Alice's Restaurant" (1969). He also got attention for his revisionist Western "Little Big Man" (1970).

Document 3567173:
New York Society of Model Engineers
The New York Society of Model Engineers (NYSME) was originally incorporated in 1926 in New York City. There are published records that show the Society existed as early as 1905. In its early years, the organization moved to and from various locations throughout Manhattan. AT that time it was basically a gentlemen's club of members who were interested in all types of model building. In 1926 the Society was formalized and incorporated under the laws of the State of New York. This was done so that the Society could obtain a permit to use a lake in New York City's Central Park for model motor boat races. It was also at this time that the Society began construction of its first Model Railroad " The Union Connecting". Over the next twenty years, the Society moved from its original location to two other locations. Each move doubling the size of the previous location and of course doubling the size of the model train layout. During WW2 many Society members were called to service in the Armed Forces. Regrettably, the largest of the layouts had to be dismantled. The location of the layout in the basement of the Astor Building was requested for the war effort. The dismantling was done with care, with salvaged usable materials going into scrap drives for the War effort. As members returned after the War a new location was searched for. This led to an invitation from the Lackawanna Railroad to move into their Passenger Terminal in Hoboken,NJ. They had the space for what would become the largest model railroad in the world at that time. The space? Only the ornate waiting room for the recently discontinued ferry boats to 23rd Street in New York City. Here the layout was built. It was based on the Lackawanna Railroad from Hoboken to Scranton, Pa. It was magnificent; from the scale model of the Hoboken Terminal to the soaring Delaware Water Gap. During the early-1950s the organization moved to its current location in Carlstadt, New Jersey.

Document 1929673:
Kingston Morning
Kingston Morning is Dave Eggar's 4th solo release recorded in Brooklyn, New York; Kingston, Jamaica; and Big Stone Gap, Virginia; and released by Domo Records. "Itsbynne Reel" was nominated at the 53rd Grammy Awards for "Best Instrumental Arrangement".

Document 2224284:
Dongxing, Guangxi
Dongxing (,"Vietnamese": Đông Hưng) is a county-level city of Guangxi, People's Republic of China, on the border with Mong Cai of Vietnam.

Document 3673322:
Brittany Shane
Brittany Shane is an American singer-songwriter and musician based in Austin, Texas. The Wisconsin-born and raised songstress blends rock and pop with poetry. She got her start performing at The Fillmore in San Francisco, California in 2000, playing acoustic in the Poster Room before acts such as The Wallflowers, Aimee Mann, Chris Isaak and Liz Phair graced the mainstage. After the release of her album, "Have Heart Live Young" (2010), she opened for Heart, Foreigner and Peter Frampton as well as headlining her own local shows around the Bay Area.

Document 3679315:
Brook Islands National Park
The Brook Islands National Park is a national park in Cassowary Coast Region, Queensland, Australia, 1246 km northwest of Brisbane, with an area of 0.9 km. It was established in 1994 and comprises three islands - North, Tween and Middle - which lie off the coast 7 km north-east of Cape Richards on Hinchinbrook Island and 30 km east of the nearest mainland town of Cardwell. The fourth island of the Brooks group, South Island, is not part of the national park but is protected by the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Authority. Public access to the three islands in the national park is prohibited in order to protect breeding birds, especially the Torresian imperial-pigeon. The islands have no roads, walking tracks or other facilities. Popular activities in the waters around the islands are boating, snorkelling and fishing. The islands are managed by the Queensland Parks and Wildlife Service. The Park's IUCN category is II.

Document 3363534:
Something for All of Us...
Something for All of Us... is the debut solo album by Broken Social Scene co-founder Brendan Canning. The album is the second in a series entitled "Broken Social Scene Presents:", with each album in the series being a particular member's solo efforts, assisted by fellow Broken Social Scene members—the first being Kevin Drew's "Spirit If...".

Document 8015136:
Brian Friel Theatre
The Brian Friel Theatre is a studio theatre located at Queen's University Belfast, Northern Ireland. It was opened in February 2009 and is named after the Irish dramatist, theatre director and author, Brian Friel.

Document 7444964:
Benjamin Gavanon
Born in a suburb of Marseille, Gavanon started his career at his local club, Olympique de Marseille. However, Gavanon found it difficult to break into the Marseille first team, and played a total of seven minutes in six years as a professional at the club.

Document 6246485:
Publius Decius Mus (consul 279 BC)
Publius Decius Mus was a Roman politician and general of the plebeian gens Decia. He was the son of Publius Decius Mus, who was consul in 312 BC. As consul in 279 BC, he and his fellow consul, Publius Sulpicius Saverrio, combined their armies against Pyrrhus of Epirus at the Battle of Asculum. Pyrrhus was victorious, but at such a high cost that the security of Asculum was guaranteed. This is the origin of the term "Pyrrhic victory". According to one tradition, Decius died in the field; according to another, he survived.

Document 6068298:
Walter G. O'Connell Copiague High School
Walter G. O'Connell Copiague High School is an American four-year college preparatory public high school in the hamlet of Copiague in Suffolk County, New York. Commonly referred to as "Copiague High School," the school is named after its founder and first principal Walter G. O'Connell.

Document 7972975:
The End of an Error
The End of an Error is the second album by pop-punk band Houston Calls, released on October 14, 2008, on Drive-Thru Records, the final album released on the label before they went on hiatus. The band began recording demos for the album in 2007 as a follow-up to their debut album A Collection of Short Stories. Previously signed to Rushmore Records, the band signed to Drive-Thru to release their new record. The album was recorded over a one-month span in the spring of 2008 at The Waiting Room Studios in North Hollywood, California. Later that summer, the band revealed the official title and track listing, as well as the final release date. and in mid-2008 revealed that the song "Life Won't Wait" will be the album's first single.

Document 9359508:
Jupiter Inlet Historic and Archeological Site
The Jupiter Inlet Historic and Archeological Site is an archaeological site in Jupiter, Florida. It is located off A1A in the area of DuBois Park. An ancient shell midden built by the Jaega people, it was the site of the village of Hobe (or Jobe in Spanish orthography), which was later conflated with Jove and inspired the name of the town of Jupiter, Florida, where it is located. On November 5, 1985, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.

Document 7813102:
WET (company)
WET, also known as WET Design, is a water feature design firm based in Los Angeles, California. Founded in 1983 by former Disney Imagineers Mark Fuller, Melanie Simon, and Alan Robinson, the company has designed over two hundred fountains and water features using water, fire, ice, fog, and lights. It is known for creating The Dubai Fountain, the world's largest performing fountain, along with the 8-acre (3.2 ha) Fountains of Bellagio It has designed features in over 20 countries around the world, in North America, Europe, Asia and the Middle East.

Document 8258130:
Big Stone Gap (film)
Big Stone Gap is a 2014 American drama romantic comedy film written and directed by Adriana Trigiani and produced by Donna Gigliotti for Altar Identity Studios, a subsidiary of Media Society. Based on Trigiani's 2000 best-selling novel of the same name, the story is set in the actual Virginia town of Big Stone Gap circa 1970s. The film had its world premiere at the Virginia Film Festival on November 6, 2014.

Document 6353876:
Management (film)
Management is a 2008 American romantic comedy-drama directed by Stephen Belber and starring Jennifer Aniston and Steve Zahn. It premiered at the 2008 Toronto International Film Festival and received a limited theatrical release on May 15, 2009.

Document 9355692:
The Roots of Heaven
The Roots of Heaven is a 1958 American adventure film in CinemaScope and DeLuxe Color made by 20th Century Fox, directed by John Huston and produced by Darryl F. Zanuck. The screenplay by Romain Gary and Patrick Leigh Fermor is based on Romain Gary's 1956 Prix Goncourt winning novel "The Roots of Heaven" ("Les racines du ciel").

Document 8609207:
Maestri Field at Privateer Park
Maestri Field at Privateer Park is a baseball stadium in New Orleans, Louisiana more commonly known as Maestri Field. It is the home field of the University of New Orleans (UNO) Privateers baseball team and opened in 1979. The facility is named after Ron Maestri, who coached the team from 1972–1984, and athletic director, where he served for 21 years ending his term in 2000. The stadium was also the home of the New Orleans Zephyrs minor-league baseball team (1993-1996) prior to Zephyr Field opening in 1997. Maestri returned to coach the Privateers beginning with the 2014 season.

Document 6357240:
UK Centre for Carnival Arts
The UK Centre for Carnival Arts (UKCCA) is a home dedicated to carnival arts, communities, learning and enterprise. Carnival involves highly skilled art forms across music, movement and costume. These art forms are rooted in traditions spanning the globe. The Centre runs carnival-inspired courses, workshops, seminars, outreach, exhibitions showcases, galas and events. The UKCCA is a living, breathing, creative space designed by Ash Sakula Architects specifically to unite, engage and support carnival arts.

Document 9639932:
Jeff Bridges
Jeffrey Leon Bridges (born December 4, 1949) is an American actor, singer and producer. He comes from a prominent acting family and appeared on the television series "Sea Hunt" (1958–60), with his father, Lloyd Bridges and brother, Beau Bridges. He won the Academy Award for Best Actor for his role as Otis "Bad" Blake in the 2009 film "Crazy Heart", and earned Academy Award nominations for his roles in "The Last Picture Show" (1971), "Thunderbolt and Lightfoot" (1974), "Starman" (1984), "The Contender" (2000), "True Grit" (2010), and "Hell or High Water" (2016). His other films include "Tron" (1982), "Jagged Edge" (1985), "The Fabulous Baker Boys" (1989), "The Fisher King" (1991), "Fearless" (1993), "The Big Lebowski" (1998), "Seabiscuit" (2003), "Iron Man" (2008), "" (2010), and "The Giver" (2014).

Document 2624230:
Spacemaster
Space Master is a science fiction role-playing game produced by Iron Crown Enterprises, written by Kevin Barrett, developed by Kevin Barrett and Terry K. Amthor.

Document 4422938:
Countergradient variation
Countergradient variation is a type of phenotypic plasticity that occurs when the genetic components of populations cause phenotypic variation that opposes the phenotypic variation caused by an environmental gradient. This can cause different populations of the same organism to display similar phenotypes regardless of the underlying genetics and environmental differences. To illustrate a common example, countergradient growth rate, consider two populations. The two populations live in different environments that affect growth differently due to many ecological factors, such as the temperature and available food. One population is genetically predisposed to have increased growth rate but inhabits an environment that causes reduced growth rate, such as a cool environment. The second population is genetically predisposed to have decreased growth rates but inhabits an environment that supports increased growth rate, such as a warm environment. Since the genetic influence will opposes the environmental influence, both populations will have a similar intermediate growth rate. Countergradient variation can reduce apparent variability by creating similar phenotypes, but it is possible for the two populations to show phenotype diversity if either the genetic gradient or the environmental gradient has a stronger influence.

Document 4184887:
Oral history in modern Mali
Circa 1230s-1600s, the Mali Empire was created in Western Africa along the Niger River. Often associated with being founded by Sunjata Keita, the history of Mali is extremely based on oral history. The story of the founder of Mali, Sunjata Keita, is largely based on oral history. Oral history may be defined as the preservation and interpretation of historical, cultural or personal experiences by way of a speaker. In Mali, such a speaker can be described as a poet, a storyteller, a praise singer or a musician. A large amount of Mali’s history is transferred via oral historians. Such oral historians in Mali are known as griots, Jalis, and Jelis. The origins of oral history in Mali may be traced back to the story of Sunjata Keita. Modern-day oral history in Mali has transformed from the history based griots to a more contemporary musical and negotiator based griots. The current state of oral history in Mali has travelled to other realms like popular culture and politics.

Document 9436654:
Just Another Romantic Wrestling Comedy
Just Another Romantic Wrestling Comedy is a 2006 film starring April Hunter and Joanie Laurer. This Romantic comedy film was premiered at New Jersey and New York City on December 1, 2006 and was released on DVD in the United States and the United Kingdom on April 17, 2007. After the film's DVD release "Just Another Romantic Wrestling Comedy" won an "Honorable Mention" award at the New Jersey International Festival awards. The release is being handled by "Victory Multimedia".

Document 8542969:
Ultimate zone rating
Ultimate Zone Rating (UZR) is a sabermetric statistic used to measure fielding. It compares the event that actually happened (hit/out/error) to data on similarly hit balls in the past to determine how much better or worse the fielder did than the "average" player. UZR divides a baseball field into multiple zones and assigns individual fielders responsibility for those zones.

Document 3083077:
Nola (film)
Nola is a 2003 American romantic comedy film written and directed by Alan Hruska. It depicts the struggle of a young woman trying to survive in New York City while looking for her birth father. It premiered in New York City on July 23, 2004.

Document 3164813:
Adriana Trigiani
Adriana Trigiani is an Italian American best-selling author of sixteen books, television writer, film director, and entrepreneur based in Greenwich Village, New York City. Trigiani has published a novel a year since 2000.

Document 3652149:
Joe Cavanagh
Joseph V. Cavanagh Jr. (born April 13, 1948) is an attorney and retired ice hockey player. Cavanagh was a three-time all-state selection as a high schooler in Rhode Island. He went on to play hockey at Harvard University where he earned multiple awards including being named an All-American for three straight years. He left Harvard as the school's all-time assist leader which has since been passed. However, he remains the Beanpot's all-time leading scorer. An injury lead him to stop pursuing a career in hockey. He was inducted into the United States Hockey Hall of Fame in 1994 and named one of the top 50 players in ECAC history in 2010. Following his hockey career Cavanagh began practicing law becoming a successful attorney. He is a member of the Rhode Island Bar Association and the Board of Bar Examiners.

Document 3193891:
Kill 'Em All
Kill 'Em All is the debut studio album by the American heavy metal band Metallica, released on July 25, 1983, by the independent record label Megaforce Records. "Kill 'Em All" is regarded as a groundbreaking album for thrash metal because of its precise musicianship, which fuses new wave of British heavy metal riffs with hardcore punk tempos. The album's musical approach and lyrics were markedly different from rock's mainstream of the early 1980s and inspired a number of bands who followed in similar manner. The album did not enter the "Billboard" 200 until 1986, when it peaked at number 155, following Metallica's commercial success with its third studio album "Master of Puppets"; the 1988 Elektra reissue peaked at number 120. "Kill 'Em All" was critically praised at the time of its release and in retrospect, and was placed on a few publications' best album lists. It was certified 3× Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) in 1999 for shipping three million copies in the United States. The album generated two singles, "Whiplash" and "Jump in the Fire".

Document 2005173:
Nature Photonics
Nature Photonics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Nature Publishing Group. The editor-in-chief is Oliver Graydon. The journal covers research related to optoelectronics, laser science, imaging, communications, and other aspects of photonics and was established in January 2007. "Nature Photonics" publishes review articles, research papers, News and Views pieces, and research highlights summarizing the latest scientific findings in optoelectronics. This is complemented by a mix of articles dedicated to the business side of the industry covering areas such as technology commercialization and market analysis. The papers that have been published in this journal are internationally acclaimed for maintaining high research standards. The journal is regarded as top-ranking in the field of photonics.

Document 7689354:
71 Aquilae
71 Aquilae (abbreviated 71 Aql) is a binary star in the equatorial constellation of Aquila. "71 Aquilae" is its Flamsteed designation though it also bears the Bayer designation l Aquilae. The apparent visual magnitude of the system is 4.33, making it bright enough to be viewed by the naked eye. It has an annual parallax shift of 9.67 mas, which equates to a physical distance of 340 ly from Earth, give or take a 30 light-year margin of error. At this distance, the brightness of the system is diminished by 0.065 in visual magnitude from extinction caused by interstellar gas and dust.

Document 8792046:
Melanodendron
Melanodendron integrifolium (black cabbage tree) is one of the endemic trees in the Asteraceae family from the island of Saint Helena (South Atlantic Ocean). It is related to the Saint Helenan gumwoods ("Commidendrum" spp.) and is the commonest of the remaining cabbage tree species of Saint Helena, although it is considered endangered due to the restricted population size.

Document 5990112:
UEFA Celebration Match
The UEFA Celebration Match was a football match played on 13 March 2007 as a celebration of both the 50th anniversary of the signing of the Treaty of Rome, which laid the foundations for the European Union, and the 50th year of Manchester United's participation in UEFA competitions. Representatives felt it would be more appropriate to celebrate the landmark using a football match rather than another form of celebration. A Europe XI managed by Italian World Cup-winning manager Marcello Lippi played against Manchester United at Old Trafford, Manchester. The match was televised live on BBC Three in the United Kingdom and also streamed live via the BBC Online website. The £1.25 million raised went towards the Manchester United Foundation. The match was officiated by German referee Markus Merk.

Document 2781470:
Charles Portal, 1st Viscount Portal of Hungerford
Marshal of the Royal Air Force Charles Frederick Algernon Portal, 1st Viscount Portal of Hungerford, (21 May 1893 – 22 April 1971) was a senior Royal Air Force officer. He served as a bomber pilot in the First World War, and rose to become first a flight commander and then a squadron commander, flying light bombers on the Western Front. In the early stages of the Second World War he was commander-in-chief of Bomber Command. He was an advocate of strategic area bombing against German industrial areas, and viewed it as a war winning strategy. In October 1940 he was made Chief of the Air Staff, and remained in this post for the rest of the war. During his time as Chief he continuously supported the strategic bombing offensive against Germany, and advocated the formation of the Pathfinder Force, critical to improving the destructive force of Bomber Command. He fended off attempts by the Royal Navy to take command over RAF Coastal Command, and resisted attempts by the British Army to establish their own Army Air Arm. Portal retired from the RAF following the end of the war. He served as Controller of Production (Atomic Energy) at the Ministry of Supply for six years. Portal was then made chairman of British Aluminium. He was unsuccessful in fending off a hostile takeover of British Aluminum by Sir Ivan Stedeford's Tube Investments, in what was known as the "Aluminium War". Afterward he served as chairman of the British Aircraft Corporation.

Document 5108369:
Beech Creek, Pennsylvania
Beech Creek is a borough in Clinton County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 701 at the 2010 census. It is the setting for "Fun Home", a 2006 graphic memoir by Alison Bechdel, who grew up there. Brittani Kline, winner of America's Next Top Model, Cycle 16, was born there.

Document 7989166:
Emospark
EmoSPARK is an artificial intelligence console created in London, United Kingdom by Patrick Levy-Rosenthal. The device uses facial recognition and language analysis to evaluate human emotion and convey responsive content according to the emotion. The console measures 90 mm x 90 mm x 90 mm and is cube shaped. It operates on an "Emotional Processing Unit", a microchip developed by Emoshape Inc. that enables the system to create emotional profile graphs of its surroundings. The emotional processing unit is a patent pending technology that is said to create synthesised emotional responses in machines. EmoSPARK was funded through an Indiegogo campaign which aimed to raise $200,000.

Document 5159388:
Dan Johnson (American football)
Dan Johnson (born May 17, 1960) is a former professional American football player who played tight end for seven seasons for the Miami Dolphins. Johnson told ESPN's John Barr on January 28, 2011 that he took about 1000 pain killers per month during his playing days, as a result of the numerous injuries and broken bones he suffered. Teammates nicknamed him "King of Pain" as a result of all the broken bones he had during his career.

Document 5165284:
.300 AAC Blackout
300 AAC Blackout, SAAMI short name 300 BLK, also known as 7.62×35mm is a rifle cartridge developed in the United States by Advanced Armament Corporation (AAC) for use in the M4 carbine. Its purpose is to achieve ballistics similar to the 7.62×39mm Soviet cartridge in an AR-15 while using standard AR-15 magazines at their normal capacity. Care should be taken not to use 300 BLK ammunition in a rifle chambered for .223/5.56 or 7.62×40mm Wilson Tactical.

Document 8826111:
Kiama, New South Wales
Kiama is a township 120 kilometres south of Sydney in the Illawarra, New South Wales, Australia in the Municipality of Kiama. One of the main tourist attractions is the Kiama Blowhole. The seaside town features several popular surfing beaches, caravan parks and numerous alfresco cafes and restaurants. Its proximity to the south of Sydney makes it an attractive destination for a large number of day trippers.

Document 5868949:
Pelléas et Mélisande (Fauré)
Pelléas et Mélisande, Op. 80 is a suite derived from incidental music by Gabriel Fauré for Maurice Maeterlinck's play of the same name. He was the first of four leading composers to write music inspired by Maeterlinck's drama. Debussy, Schoenberg and Sibelius followed in the first decade of the 20th century.

Document 9692311:
Great Eastern Conventions
Great Eastern Conventions, Inc. was an entertainment company which produced comic book conventions, most actively during the years 1987-1996. In New York City, the Great Eastern shows filled the gap between the mid-1980s demise of the annual Comic Art Convention and Creation Conventions, and the establishment of promoter Michael Carbonaro's annual Big Apple Comic Con in 1996. From 1993–1995, Great Eastern hosted two New York City shows annually at the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center. Great Eastern also ran shows in New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Massachusetts, Oregon, Minnesota, and Texas.

Document 6707484:
Yonkers, New York
Yonkers ( ) is the fourth most populous city in the U.S. state of New York (behind New York City, Buffalo, and Rochester), and the most populous city in Westchester County. The population of Yonkers was 195,976 as enumerated in the 2010 United States Census and is estimated to have increased by 2.5% to 200,807 in 2016. It is an inner suburb of New York City, directly to the north of the Bronx and approximately two miles (3 km) north of the northernmost point in Manhattan.

Document 6493461:
Hridaynath Mangeshkar
Hridaynath Mangeshkar is a music composer and singer from India. He is the only son of noted musician Deenanath Mangeshkar and younger brother of Indian music legends Lata Mangeshkar and Asha Bhosle. He is popularly known as "Balasaheb" in the music and film industry.

Document 5859883:
The Men's Club
The Men's Club is a 1986 drama film directed by Peter Medak, based on the novel of the same name by Leonard Michaels. It stars Roy Scheider, Harvey Keitel, Frank Langella, Treat Williams, David Dukes and Richard Jordan. It is noted for a scene where Keitel (as Solly Berliner) assertively denies engaging in masturbation.

Document 6794356:
Bon Iver
Bon Iver ( Bone-ee-VARE) is an American indie folk band founded in 2006 by singer-songwriter Justin Vernon. The name "Bon Iver" is derived from the French phrase "bon hiver" (] ), meaning "good winter", taken from a greeting on "Northern Exposure".

Document 1849015:
The Wonderful Company
The Wonderful Company LLC, formerly known as Roll Global, is a private corporation based in Los Angeles, California. With revenues of over $4.8 billion, it functions as a holding company for Stewart and Lynda Resnick, and as such is a vehicle for their personal investments in a number of businesses. The company currently counts as business divisions the following brands: flower delivery service Teleflora, juice company POM Wonderful, bottled water company FIJI Water, Wonderful Pistachios and Wonderful Almonds (formerly Paramount Farms), Wonderful Citrus (formerly Paramount Citrus), sea freight company Neptune Pacific Line, JUSTIN Vineyards and Winery, pest control company Suterra, and in-house marketing agency Wonderful Agency (formerly Fire Station).

Document 8375356:
Awaydays
Awaydays is a 2009 British film directed by Pat Holden and stars Stephen Graham. It is based on the novel of the same name by Kevin Sampson, originally published eleven years previously in 1998.

Document 9124385:
Battle of Redinha
The Battle of Redinha was a rearguard action which took place on March 12, 1811, during Masséna's retreat from Portugal, by a French division under Marshal Ney against a considerably larger Anglo-Portuguese force under Wellington. Challenging the Allies with only one or two divisions, Ney's 7,000 troops were pitched against 25,000 men. The success of Ney's action delayed the Allied advance and bought valuable time for the withdrawal of the main body of the French army.

Document 3762487:
Hamish and Andy's Gap Year
Hamish & Andy's Gap Year is a Logie Award winning comedy series following Hamish Blake and Andy Lee, a pair of Australian comedians, on their trips to various international locations. The first season saw the boys visiting America for ten episodes and broadcast their show weekly from New York City. In its second season in 2012, the show was titled "Hamish & Andy's Euro Gap Year" and seven episodes were broadcast from The Lord Stanley, a disused pub in East London, England. The third season known as "Hamish and Andy's Gap Year Asia" in 2013 was broadcast from a bar in Bangkok, Thailand, called 'The Raintree'.

Document 3717354:
I Love NY (2015 film)
I Love NY, also known as I Love New Year, is an Indian romantic comedy film directed by Radhika Rao and Vinay Sapru starring Sunny Deol and Kangana Ranaut in lead roles. The film is produced by Bhushan Kumar and Krishan Kumar under the banner of Super Cassettes Industries Ltd. The film was extensively shot in Mumbai, New York City and Bangkok. The main plot was taken from the Russian romantic comedy "The Irony of Fate" (1976). After numerous delays, the film released on 10 July 2015.

Document 7216632:
The Pictures Generation
The Pictures Generation was both the name of an exhibition at The Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York (April 29 – August 2, 2009); and a means to an end in being the first formal labeling of a group of artists exhibited around their appropriation of images from the consumer and media saturated age in which they grew to maturity, both artistically and in years. The term originated in response to the 1977 exhibition "Pictures," curated by Douglas Crimp, which took place in the Fall of 1977 at Artists Space in New York City。 The artists exhibited in the aforementioned seminal exhibition included；Troy Brauntuch, Jack Goldstein, Sherrie Levine, Robert Longo and Philip Smith.

Document 9102469:
Overstepping
Overstepping is the 1998 debut album by avant-garde composer Eve Beglarian. The disc features sixty-four minutes of music with four different works composed between 1984 and 1995 with performers Kathleen Supové (keyboards), Margaret Lancaster (flute), and Eve Beglarian.

Document 1508113:
Condor (Argentine missile)
The Argentine Condor missile was a multinational space research program started in the 1970s. It involved significant contract work being performed by German company MBB (now a group within Daimler AG), but later developed into a ballistic missiles program.

Document 6102363:
Clinton, Minnesota
Clinton is a city in Big Stone County, Minnesota, United States. The city was named for New York Governor DeWitt Clinton. The population was 449 at the 2010 census.

Document 3410360:
Lord Chamberlain's Men
The Lord Chamberlain's Men was a company of actors, or a "playing company" as it would have been known, for which Shakespeare wrote for most of his career. Richard Burbage played most of the lead roles, including Hamlet, Othello, King Lear, and Macbeth while Shakespeare himself performed some secondary roles. Formed at the end of a period of flux in the theatrical world of London, it had become, by 1603, one of the two leading companies of the city and was subsequently patronized by James I.

Document 3055576:
A Tale of Two Cities
A Tale of Two Cities (1859) is a novel by Charles Dickens, set in London and Paris before and during the French Revolution. The novel tells the story of the French Doctor Manette, his 18-year-long imprisonment in the Bastille in Paris and his release to life in London with his daughter Lucie, whom he had never met; Lucie's marriage and the collision between her beloved husband and the people who caused her father's imprisonment; and Monsieur and Madame Defarge, sellers of wine in a poor suburb of Paris. The story is set against the conditions that led up to the French Revolution and the Reign of Terror.

Document 5055688:
Sam Waterston on screen and stage
Sam Waterston is an American actor who made his film debut in the 1965 drama "The Plastic Dome of Norma Jean". Waterston has appeared in numerous films, television shows as well as on stage during his career. One of his early film roles was as a shoe salesman in the television drama film "The Glass Menagerie" (1973), for which he received a Primetime Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series. Waterston went on to appear as bond salesman Nick Carraway in the 1974 feature film version of "The Great Gatsby", which earned him two Golden Globe nominations for Best Supporting Actor, and New Star of the Year.

Document 5487430:
Sascha Schmitz
Sascha Schmitz (born 5 January 1972), better known under his stage name Sasha or Sasha Alexander and his alter ego Dick Brave, is a German singer-songwriter, musician and occasional actor.
