Below are some documents. I will give you a text at the end. Please find the document index of the text. Only give me the index without any document contents.

Document 7258302:
Southwest Georgia Regional Airport
Southwest Georgia Regional Airport (IATA: ABY, ICAO: KABY, FAA LID: ABY) is a city owned, public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) southwest of the central business district of Albany, a city in Dougherty County, Georgia, United States. It is served by commercial passenger airlines.

Document 8776305:
Orange Is the New Black (season 4)
The fourth season of the American comedy-drama television series "Orange Is the New Black" premiered on Netflix on June 17, 2016, at 12:00 am PST in multiple countries. It consists of thirteen episodes, each between 54–60 minutes, with a 77-minute finale. The series is based on Piper Kerman's memoir, "" (2010), about her experiences at FCI Danbury, a minimum-security federal prison. The series is created and adapted for television by Jenji Kohan.

Document 1513307:
MTV Movie Award for Best Kiss
This is a following list for the MTV Movie Award winners and nominees for Best Kiss. Kristen Stewart & Robert Pattinson won for "The Twilight Saga films" (along with "Best Movie") in four consecutive years (2009-2012).

Document 9226877:
Moseley Royal Commission
The Moseley Royal Commission, officially titled the Royal Commission Appointed to Investigate, Report and Advise Upon Matters in Relation to the Condition and Treatment of Aborigines was a Royal Commission established by the Government of Western Australia in 1934 to hear evidence regarding the treatment of Aboriginal people.

Document 5329920:
Veep
Veep is an American political satire comedy television series, starring Julia Louis-Dreyfus, that premiered on HBO on April 22, 2012. The series was created by Armando Iannucci as an adaptation of the British sitcom "The Thick of It". "Veep" is set in the office of Selina Meyer, a fictional Vice President (and, later, President) of the United States. The series follows Meyer and her team as they attempt to make their mark and leave a legacy without getting tripped up in the day-to-day political games that define the American government.

Document 8279187:
Camphill Svetlana
Camphill Svetlana Village is a therapeutic intentional community of nearly 40 residents in Russia serving people with special needs or disabilities. It was established in 1992 and is part of the international Camphill Movement.

Document 9472177:
Purse bid
A purse bid is an initial step in arranging a professional boxing match, involving the fight's/card's promoter(s). All interested registered promoters may bid on the amount of the purse (the total money that the fighters will be paid for the match), if the sides representing each fighter fail to agree on it before the deadline. The highest offer wins; however, the winning entity must produce a small percentage of the total amount up-front by a certain date. The purse in a purse bid is split between the fighters according to the preset formulas of the sanctioning commissions. Purse bids are often won by one of the two fighters' promoters.

Document 6478315:
The Blockheads (video game)
The Blockheads is a survival sandbox independent video game created by David Frampton, an indie developer and owner of Majic Jungle Software.

Document 4299424:
Blue Resolution (Ao no Shikaku Kaiseki do)
"Blue Resolution -Ao no Shikaku Kaiseki do - ("Blue Resolution"－青の思覚解析度－), also known as Quantum Mechanics Rainbow III: Blue Resolution, is the eighth (seventh of entirely new music) solo album by artist Daisuke Asakura. It is the third in a series of seven albums released by Asakura in 2004, called Quantum Mechanics Rainbow. Each album revolves around a different color of the rainbow and a different term relating to Quantum Mechanics. This album revolves around the color blue. It also contains guest vocals by Mayumi Fujita (Track 5).

Document 2548789:
Tenebrae (soundtrack)
Tenebre is the soundtrack to Dario Argento's film of the same title, first released as an album in 1982, and reissued most recently in 2006 with multiple bonus tracks. The score was composed and performed by three former members of the defunct rock group Goblin, who briefly reunited at the request of the film's director. Although the movie itself credits the score to "Simonetti-Pignatelli-Morante", the soundtrack album is credited to "Simonetti-Morante-Pignatelli".

Document 1661445:
Chasmanthium latifolium
Chasmanthium latifolium, known as woodoats, inland sea oats, northern sea oats, and river oats is a grass native to the central and eastern United States, Manitoba, and northeastern Mexico; it grows as far north as Pennsylvania and Michigan, where it is a threatened species. The species was previously classified as "Uniola latifolia" (André Michaux).

Document 2754850:
Claudia Felicitas of Austria
Archduchess Claudia Felicitas of Austria (30 May 1653 – 8 April 1676) was by birth an Archduchess of Austria and by marriage Holy Roman Empress, German Queen, Archduchess consort of Austria, Queen consort of Hungary and Bohemia as the second wife of Leopold I.

Document 6189630:
Malcolm Glazer
Malcolm Irving Glazer (August 15, 1928 – May 28, 2014) was an American businessman and sports team owner. He was the president and chief executive officer of First Allied Corporation, a holding company for his varied business interests, and owned both Manchester United of the Premier League and Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the National Football League.

Document 7600047:
Scott Flansburg
Scott Flansburg (born December 28, 1963) is an American man who is often called a mental calculator. Dubbed "The Human Calculator" by Regis Philbin, in 2001 he was entered into the "Guinness Book of World Records" for speed of mental calculation. He is the annual host and ambassador for World Maths Day, and is a math educator and media personality. Flansburg has published the books "Math Magic" and "Math Magic for Your Kids".

Document 9100012:
Arnel Pineda
Arnel Campaner Pineda (born September 5, 1967) is a Filipino singer and songwriter. He came to prominence in the Philippines during the 1980s and internationally in 2007 as the lead singer of the American rock band Journey.

Document 4794987:
Zarma language
Zarma (also spelled Djerma, Dyabarma, Dyarma, Dyerma, Adzerma, Zabarma, Zarbarma, Zarma, Zarmaci or Zerma) is one of the Songhay languages. It is the leading indigenous language of the southwestern lobe of the West African nation of Niger, where the Niger River flows and the capital city, Niamey, is located. Zarma is second-most common language in the country, after Hausa, which is spoken in south-central Niger. With over 2 million speakers, Zarma is easily the most widely common Songhay language.

Document 1009512:
Mahagonny-Songspiel
Mahagonny-Songspiel, also known as The Little Mahagonny, is a "small-scale 'scenic cantata'" written by the composer Kurt Weill and the dramatist Bertolt Brecht in 1927. Weill was commissioned in the spring to write one of a series of very short operas for performance that summer, and he chose to use the opportunity to create a "stylistic exercise" as preparation for a larger-scale project that they had begun to develop together (the two had met for the first time in March), their experimental 'epic opera' "The Rise and Fall of the City of Mahagonny" (1930).

Document 9536835:
Automato
Automato is a Brooklyn, New York-based hip hop sextet formed in 1995. Its members are Nick Millhiser (drums), Jesse Levine (vocals), Morgan Wiley (guitar), Andrew Raposo (bass), Alex Frankel (keyboards), and Ben Fries (vocals). All six of its members are from New York City except for Wiley, who was born in Lagos, Nigeria and moved to Las Vegas, Nevada in his youth. Their admiration of multiple artists from disparate genres led them to DFA Records' Tim Goldsworthy and James Murphy. The group released their self-titled debut album on the Coup de grâce label in 2004, and it was produced by Goldsworthy and Murphy (d/b/a/ DFA).

Document 1035018:
Little Bog River
The Little Bog River is a short stream in Hancock County, Maine. From its source ( ) in Osborn, the river runs 5.4 mi south to its confluence with Mill Brook in Eastbrook. Mill Brook flows west to Webb Pond. Via Mill Brook, Webb Pond, and Webb Brook, the Little Bog River is part of the Union River watershed.

Document 5014016:
Ferdinand Wolff
Ferdinand Wolff was born in Germany in 1812. Wolf was a journalist by profession and a proletarian revolutionary. He joined the Communist League and became an editor of the "Neue Rheinische Zeitung" in 1848 and 1849. He was a close friend and associate of both Karl Marx and of Frederick Engels and he sided with the Marx and Engels group during the 1850 split in the Communist League. Wolf died in 1895.

Document 1705070:
Ujagar Singh Sekhwan
Ujagar Singh Sekhwan (1924–1990) was an Indian politician from the state of Punjab. He is a former president of the Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD). He was born in the Sekhwan village of Gurdaspur district, Punjab. He was elected to the Punjab Legislative Assembly in 1977 and again in 1980 as a SAD candidate from the Kahnuwan assembly constituency. He was married to Tej Kaur. His son Sewa Singh Sekhwan is currently the minister for Information & Public Relations in Punjab.

Document 7649560:
HIV associated cardiomyopathy
Heart problems are very important in people with Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) as Acquired ImmunoDeficiency Syndrome (AIDS) patients with left ventricular dysfunction have a median survival of 101 days as compared to 472 days in AIDS patients with healthy hearts. HIV is a major cause of cardiomyopathy (problems with the heart muscle that reduce the efficiency with which the heart pumps blood). The most common type of HIV induced cardiomyopathy is dilated cardiomyopathy also known as eccentric ventricular hypertrophy which leads to impaired contraction of the ventricles due to volume overload. The annual incidence of HIV associated dilated cardiomyopathy was 15.9/1000 before the introduction of highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART). However, in 2014, a study found that 17.6% of HIV patients have dilated cardiomyopathy (176/1000) meaning the incidence has greatly increased.

Document 6538859:
International High School at Prospect Heights
International High School at Prospect Heights is one of four schools on the former Prospect Heights High School campus in Brooklyn, New York. An Empowerment School, International High addresses the needs of recent immigrant students. The International High School @ Prospect Heights empowers recent immigrant students by teaching them fluency in reading, writing, speaking, and understanding English through a rigorous curriculum that is language rich, interdisciplinary, and project-based. Students learn to think critically, navigate societal constructs and prepare for college and other educational opportunities after high school. Students, staff and families create a caring school environment that promotes collaboration, cross-cultural interaction, and appreciation of diversity. Above all, International High School students become successful contributing members of society and conscientious global citizens of the future.

Document 1746815:
Walnut Hills Cemetery (Brookline, Massachusetts)
Walnut Hills Cemetery is a historic cemetery on Grove Street and Allandale Road in Brookline, Massachusetts. It encompasses 45.26 acre , with mature trees and puddingstone outcrops, and was laid out in 1875 in the then-fashionable rural cemetery style. Many past prominent citizens of the town, including noted architect H.H. Richardson, are buried here. The cemetery was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

Document 9162450:
Julian Nott (balloonist)
Julian Nott is a British balloonist who now lives in Santa Barbara, California, USA. He is known for his achievements in record-setting exploits. Nott has set 79 World ballooning Records and 96 British aviation records and is actively involved in developing balloons for flights at Solar System destinations, particularly Titan. He has flown a working prototype Titan balloon at minus 175 Celsius, approximately the temperature of Titan's atmosphere.

Document 3670798:
Harry Walker (footballer)
George Henry "Harry" Walker (20 May 1916 – 1976) was an English football goalkeeper born in Aysgarth, North Yorkshire, who played in the Football League for Darlington, Portsmouth and Nottingham Forest. He played in the Portsmouth team that beat Wolverhampton Wanderers 4–1 in the 1939 FA Cup Final.

Document 1861640:
Social Democratic Party (UK, 1988)
The Social Democratic Party (SDP) formed in 1988 was a political party in the United Kingdom led by David Owen which lasted for only two years. The party was formed as a result of the original Social Democratic Party, created in 1981 by the "Gang of Four" (Owen, Roy Jenkins, Bill Rodgers and Shirley Williams, all dissident Labour former ministers) voting to turn its electoral alliance with the Liberal Party into a full merger of the two parties. The new Social and Liberal Democrats (SLD) party thus gained all of the records and assets of the original SDP.

Document 3495122:
It Waits
It Waits is a 2005 American horror film directed by Steven R. Monroe and starring Cerina Vincent, Dominic Zamprogna, and Greg Kean. Written by Richard Christian Matheson, Thomas E. Szollosi, and Stephen J. Cannell, the film is about a female forest ranger who encounters a terrible creature who has been killing people in the remote national forest where she works. When the creature attacks her isolated ranger station and kills her forest ranger boyfriend, she goes after the creature. Filmed on location in British Columbia, Canada, "It Waits" was a direct-to-DVD release in the United States and worldwide.

Document 9958250:
Downtown Kansas City
Downtown Kansas City is the central business district (CBD) of Kansas City, Missouri and the Kansas City metropolitan area. It is between the Missouri River in the north, to 31st Street in the south; and from the Kansas–Missouri state line east to Bruce R. Watkins Drive as defined by the Downtown Council of Kansas City; the 2010 Greater Downtown Area Plan formulated by the City of Kansas City defines the Greater Downtown Area to be the city limits of North Kansas City and Missouri to the north, the Kansas–Missouri state line to the west, 31st Street to the south and Woodland Avenue to the east. However, the definition used by the Downtown Council is the most commonly accepted.

Document 1372876:
Wysłouch
Wysłouch (Wisłouch, Visłavuch and others) is the name of a Polish-Lithuanian aristocratic family. It traces its lineage back to 1385 when, along with other major Lithuanian noble clans, its forebears were admitted to the ranks of Polish nobility. The line begins with Stanisław Kościa, a Polish knight born in 1390; however, the first mention of the Wysłouch family name was recorded in a document dating from the first half of the 16th century. The Wysłouch family uses the "Odyniec" coat of arms.

Document 7800102:
Group-Office
Group-Office is a PHP based dual license commercial/open source groupware and CRM and DMS product developed by the Dutch company Intermesh. The open source version, Group-Office Community, is licensed under the AGPL, and is available via SourceForge. GroupOffice Professional is a commercial product and offers additionally mobile synchronisation, project management and time tracking.

Document 6075879:
Lynn Willis
Lynn Willis (died January 18, 2013) was a wargame and role-playing game designer, best known for his work with Metagaming Concepts, Game Designers' Workshop (GDW), and Chaosium.

Document 4754605:
Fox Footy
Fox Footy (Stylised as FOX FOOTY) is an Australian rules football subscription television channel dedicated to screening Australian rules football matches and related programming. It is owned by Fox Sports Pty Limited, operated out of their Melbourne based studios and available throughout Australia on Foxtel, and Optus Television. The channel is a revival of the former Fox Footy Channel, which was in operation between 2002–2006. The channel recommenced prior to the 2012 AFL season after a new broadcast agreement was reached between the former Premier Media Group, Austar, Foxtel and the Australian Football League (AFL). Fox Footy is currently the most watched channel on Foxtel.

Document 2390468:
No Parole from Rock 'n' Roll
No Parole from Rock 'n' Roll was the first album by the American heavy metal band Alcatrazz led by veteran singer Graham Bonnet, released in 1983. It spent seven weeks on the "Billboard" 200 albums chart, peaking at No. 128. It is considered by fans of the group to be the best Alcatrazz release and launched guitarist Yngwie Malmsteen into a glittering solo career. The album is most famous for the singles "Island in the Sun" and "Jet to Jet". Other notable offerings are "Hiroshima Mon Amour", for which a video was shot (an excerpt for which was seen in the UK on the Channel 4 TV programme "The Tube"), "General Hospital" and "Incubus", a solo by Yngwie J. Malmsteen he continued to play during his solo career. It has always had a strong following in Japan and songs from which can still be found in karaoke bars today.

Document 7243076:
North Carolina International Port
In early 2006 the North Carolina State Ports Authority (NCSPA) conceived its proposal for a North Carolina International Terminal to be created on property that it purchased just north of the town of Southport, NC between the Progress Energy Brunswick Nuclear Power Plant and the Sunny Point Military Ammunitions Port. The NCSPA purchased the property in early 2006 for $30 million from Pfizer. Eleven years later the proposal, having met substantial public and political resistance, will not likely move forward in the foreseeable future.

Document 2468345:
Foundations of geometry
Foundations of geometry is the study of geometries as axiomatic systems. There are several sets of axioms which give rise to Euclidean geometry or to non-Euclidean geometries. These are fundamental to the study and of historical importance, but there are a great many modern geometries that are not Euclidean which can be studied from this viewpoint. The term axiomatic geometry can be applied to any geometry that is developed from an axiom system, but is often used to mean Euclidean geometry studied from this point of view. The completeness and independence of general axiomatic systems are important mathematical considerations, but there are also issues to do with the teaching of geometry which come into play.

Document 5485058:
Dioctyl terephthalate
Dioctyl terephthalate (bis(2-ethylhexyl) benzene-1,4-dicarboxylate or Di(2-ethylhexyl) terephthalate), commonly abbreviated DOTP or DEHT, is an organic compound with the formula CH(COCH). It is a non-phthalate plasticizer, being the diester of terephthalic acid and the branched-chain 2-ethylhexanol. This colorless viscous liquid used for softening PVC plastics is known for chemical similarity to general purpose phthalates such as DEHP and DINP, but without any negative regulatory pressure. It possesses very good plasticizing properties and may be used as a direct replacement for DEHP and DINP in many applications.

Document 7554693:
360 (film)
360 is a 2011 ensemble drama film starring Anthony Hopkins, Ben Foster, Rachel Weisz, Jude Law and other international actors. The film, directed by Fernando Meirelles, opened the 2011 London Film Festival. Magnolia Pictures released the film on video on demand on 29 June 2012 and was released in United States theaters on 3 August 2012.

Document 2688791:
Nagesh Bhonsle
Nagesh Bhosle (also Nagesh Bhonsle or Nagesh Bhosale) is an award-winning Indian film, television and theatre actor. He has recently worked on a Hollywood film called 'Hotel Mumbai' alongside Jason Isaacs, Armie Hammer and Dev Patel. Nagesh has acted in more than a hundred Indian films and thousands of episodes in Television shows. After completing endless projects in the Hindi, Marathi and Telugu language fraternity as an actor, he ventured into Directing and Producing. He has successfully made 6 films so far, as a Director. In 2009, his debut film 'Goshta Choti Dongraevadhi' (English title: A story as small as a mountain) was highly appreciated by the critics and audiences at the time. Nagesh's films are enthralling and speak of the contemporary issues in India. Ajna Motion Picture's first film "Panhala" (2015), directed and produced by Nagesh, is critically acclaimed, won many awards and featured at domestic and foreign film festivals including the 25th Golden Rooster in China. His current film "Nati Khel" which is to release in cinemas in 2017 was invited to be screened at the PAMLA conference in Los Angeles, California and open for dialogue between the filmmakers and the scholarly patrons of PAMLA. It has also won a special award at the Wuhan International Art Film Festival, in China, December 2016. in 2017, it has been an official selection at Pune International Film Festival, Bodhisattva International Film Festival and Orange City International Film Festival.

Document 5759646:
Peoria people
The Peoria (or Peouaroua) are a Native American people. Today they are enrolled in the federally recognized Peoria Tribe of Indians of Oklahoma. Historically, they were part of the Illinois Confederation.

Document 6639011:
Norberto Miranda Madrid
According to Reporters Without Borders, Miranda was an outspoken, unwavering journalist who was targeted for his reports on the drug war at a time when the Sinaloa and Juárez cartels were battling for control over the northwestern states of Mexico, including Chihuahua, and the federal government was waging a war on those same cartels, which aggravated cartel violence against civilians and journalists. The international press freedom organization noted Miranda was one of 55 journalists killed in the Mexican Drug War between 2000 and 2009.

Document 2677240:
Karl von Eberstein
Friedrich Karl Freiherr von Eberstein (14 January 1894 – 10 February 1979) was a member of the German nobility, early member of the Nazi Party, the SA, and the SS (introducing Reinhard Heydrich to Heinrich Himmler in July 1931). Further, he rose to become a Reichstag delegate, an HSSPF and SS-Oberabschnitt Führer (chief of the Munich Police in World War II), and was a witness at the Nuremberg Trials.

Document 7153328:
Ally Sheedy
Alexandra Elizabeth "Ally" Sheedy (born June 13, 1962) is an American film and stage actress, as well as the author of two books. Following her film debut in 1983's "Bad Boys", she became known as one of the Brat Pack group of actors in the films "The Breakfast Club" (1985) and "St. Elmo's Fire" (1985). She also acted in "WarGames" (1983) and "Short Circuit" (1986). For her performance in Lisa Cholodenko's "High Art" (1998), Sheedy won the Independent Spirit Award for Best Female Lead.

Document 8005981:
Peters Township, Washington County, Pennsylvania
Peters Township is a township in Washington County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 21,213 at the 2010 census. Peters Township is an affluent suburb located 15 miles south of Pittsburgh and possesses a nationally recognized school district.

Document 7810286:
List of Chuck characters
"Chuck" is an American television series developed by writer/producers Josh Schwartz and Chris Fedak and is broadcast by NBC. The title character of the series is Chuck Bartowski (Zachary Levi), an affable and anxious Nerd Herd associate at Buy More who unwittingly downloads the entire CIA/NSA secret database subliminally into his brain. During the series he is protected by CIA agent Sarah Walker (Yvonne Strahovski) and NSA agent John Casey (Adam Baldwin) while helping the CIA and NSA in spy missions.

Document 4225388:
Chu Ching-wu
Paul Chu, (; born February 12, 1941) is a Chinese-born American physicist specializing in superconductivity, magnetism, and dielectrics. He is a Professor of physics and T.L.L. Temple Chair of Science in the Physics Department at the University of Houston College of Natural Sciences and Mathematics. He was the President of the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology from 2001 to 2009. In 1987, he was one of the first scientists to demonstrate high-temperature superconductivity.

Document 4028504:
The Bunker Diary
The Bunker Diary is a 2013 young adult novel by Kevin Brooks. The novel won the 2014 Carnegie Medal for children's literature. The Bunker Diary features the story of Linus Weems, a teenager who is captured and imprisoned in a mysterious bunker. In 2014, after the Carnegie Prize win, the book was the focus of controversy due to its depictions of violence and its purported nihilism.

Document 5680249:
David di Donatello for Best Actor
The David di Donatello Award (Italian: "Ente David di Donatello"), named after Donatello's David, is a film award presented each year for cinematic performances and production by L'accademia del Cinema Italiano (ACI) (English: "The Academy of Italian Cinema"). There are 25 categories as of 2012.

Document 8012366:
Jedlička’s Institute
Jedličkův ústav ("Jedlička’s Institute for Disabled") is a Czech medical and educational institute specialized in the care of disabled children and adults. Seat of the Institute is situated in the Prague district Vyšehrad. The institute was founded in 1913 by surgeon Rudolf Jedlička, and it is the oldest facility of its kind in the Czech Republic. The institute includes a nursery, primary school and several types of secondary schools.

Document 5454479:
Hurricane (Halsey song)
"Hurricane" is a song by American singer and songwriter Halsey. First appearing on her extended play (EP), "Room 93" (2014), the song was re-released on her debut studio album, "Badlands" (2015). The song was written by Halsey and Tim Anderson. "Hurricane" was released as a digital single on October 11, 2014. The Arty remix was featured in the 2016 film "Nerve" starring Emma Roberts and Dave Franco.

Document 1662930:
Samuel C. Morrison, Jr.
Samuel C. Morrison, Jr. (born April 19, 1982) is a Liberian-born producer, screenwriter and journalist. His professional writing career began as a contributing writer for The Source Magazine, interviewing celebrities by the likes of Meagan Good, Matt Kemp, Adrian Peterson, and more, before making the transition into the film and television industry.

Document 5026924:
Elsie May Jenkins
Elsie "Ma" May Jenkins (nee. Goodrich) (1889 – 9 September 1974) was an opal and mica miner who worked at Lightning Ridge and Coober Pedy in South Australia and Alice Springs in the Northern Territory of Australia. She is best known as the “Opal Queen” referencing her impressive opal collection.

Document 3482557:
Eustoma russellianum
Eustoma russellianum, is a species of flowering plant in the Gentian family. Its previous binomial name was "Eustoma grandiflorum". Common names include Texas bluebells, Texas bluebell, bluebell, showy prairie gentian, prairie gentian The Bolero Deep Blue, and Lisianthus.

Document 6488547:
Mid-Western Junior Hockey League
The Mid-Western Junior Hockey League (MWJHL) was a junior ice hockey league in Ontario, Canada, sanctioned by the Ontario Hockey Association from 1973 until 2007. In 2007, the league became a division of the newly formed Greater Ontario Junior Hockey League along with the Western Ontario Hockey League and Golden Horseshoe Junior Hockey League.

Document 3517358:
Winter Jam Tour Spectacular
Winter Jam Tour Spectacular, also referred to as simply Winter Jam (and formerly known as January Jam from 1995–2000), is an annual American music tour featuring contemporary Christian music artists of all genres, stunt and/or comedy performances, as well as a tour speaker. It is the United States' largest annual Christian Music Tour.

Document 7729241:
Hyundai Card
Hyundai Card (Hangul:현대카드) is a credit card company under Hyundai Motor Group headquartered in Seoul, South Korea. In 1995, Hyundai Motor Group acquired Diners Club Korea, changed its name to Hyundai Card in 2001. In May 2003, the company introduced its signature ‘Hyundai Card M,” followed by a series of ‘alphabet cards.’ The company’s strategic alliance with the GE Consumer Finance in October 2005 boosted the fledgling business in the heavily competitive Korean credit card market.

Document 3544205:
Blood Sport (film)
Blood Sport is a 1986 American made-for-television film starring William Shatner and directed by Vincent McEveety. It is a spinoff of then-recently cancelled television series "T. J. Hooker".

Document 2380936:
Backåkra
Dag Hammarskjöld's farm at Backåkra (] ), close to Ystad in southern Sweden, was bought in 1957 as a summer residence by Hammarskjöld, then Secretary-General of the United Nations (1953-1961). The farm was in decline and its restoration came to last until after Hammarskjölds death in 1961. It is maintained by the Swedish hiking association "Svenska Turistföreningen" as a museum displaying artifacts of his tenure at the UN. The south wing of the farm is reserved as a summer retreat for the 18 members of the Swedish Academy, of which Hammarskjöld was a member. There is an outdoor meditation site on the property.

Document 5889357:
Kitty and the Great Big World
Kitty and the Great Big World (German:Kitty und die große Welt) is a 1956 West German comedy film directed by Alfred Weidenmann and starring Romy Schneider, Karlheinz Böhm and O.E. Hasse. It is a remake of the 1939 film " Kitty and the World Conference".

Document 1860445:
Seinfeld
Seinfeld is an American sitcom that ran for nine seasons on NBC, from 1989 to 1998. It was created by Larry David and Jerry Seinfeld, the latter starring as a fictionalized version of himself. Set predominantly in an apartment building in Manhattan's Upper West Side in New York City, the show features a handful of Jerry's friends and acquaintances, particularly best friend George Costanza (Jason Alexander), former girlfriend Elaine Benes (Julia Louis-Dreyfus), and neighbor across the hall Cosmo Kramer (Michael Richards). It is often described as being "a show about nothing", as many of its episodes are about the minutiae of daily life.

Document 3239478:
George Michael (sportscaster)
George Michael (March 24, 1939 – December 24, 2009) was an American broadcaster best known nationally for "The George Michael Sports Machine", his long-running sports highlights television program. Originally named "George Michael's Sports Final" when it began as a local show in Washington, D.C., in 1980, it was nationally syndicated by NBC from 1984 until its final installment was aired on March 25, 2007. Michael won a Sports Emmy in 1985 for his work on "The George Michael Sports Machine".

Document 5115393:
Mega Man Zero 4
Mega Man Zero 4, known in Japan as Rockman Zero 4 (ロックマンゼロ4, , Rokkuman Zero Fō ) , is a video game developed by Inti Creates and Natsume and published in 2005 by Capcom for the Game Boy Advance (GBA) handheld. It is the fourth and final title in the "Mega Man Zero" subseries of the "Mega Man" franchise and is set several months after the events of "Mega Man Zero 3". The game deals with Dr. Weil's reign over Neo Arcadia in which humans, who have been reduced to second-rate citizens, begin to escape in large numbers to the last-known livable location on the planet, Area Zero, beginning a conflict between the two groups. The effects of this war eventually drive Zero and the Resistance to protect Area Zero and its inhabitants from Dr. Weil.

Document 7535716:
Mansour Seck
Mansour Seck is a blind Senegalese singer and musician born in Podor, in the north of the country. Best known for his collaboration with lifelong friend Baaba Maal, he has also toured and released several solo albums.

Document 1820610:
Swaton
Swaton is a hamlet and civil parish in the North Kesteven district of Lincolnshire, England. It is situated on the B1394 road, less than 0.5 mi north from the A52 road, and 6 mi south-east from Sleaford. Swaton Fen lies to the east. The Eau river rises to the west and runs through the village until it joins the Forty Foot Drain.

Document 9406675:
National Park Service Ranger
National Park Service Rangers are among the uniformed employees charged with protecting and preserving areas set aside in the National Park System by the United States Congress and/or the President of the United States. While all employees of the agency contribute to the National Park Service mission of preserving unimpaired the natural and cultural resources set aside by the American people for future generations, the term Park Ranger is traditionally used to describe all National Park Service employees who wear the uniform. Broadly speaking, all National Park Service rangers promote stewardship of the resources in their care - either voluntary stewardship via resource interpretation, or compliance with statute or regulation through law enforcement. These comprise the two main disciplines of the ranger profession in the National Park Service.

Document 1628491:
Madre (film)
Madre is a 2016 Colombian short drama film directed by Simón Mesa Soto. It is one of four short films created as part of a Swedish-financed international film project titled "Break the Silence" which examines sexualized violence against children. It premiered at the 2016 Cannes Film Festival as one of the entries in the Short Film Palme d'Or competition.

Document 4393282:
Eileen
Eileen ( or ) is an Irish feminine given name. The name Eileen was originated by the name Helen, Elaine, or Ellen. It is the anglicised spelling of the Irish Gaelic Eibhlín, which is in turn a form of the older Irish Gaelic Aibhilín or Eilín (Anglicised as Aveline) or Hazelnut.

Document 4944744:
Mascoma Corporation
Mascoma Corporation was a U.S. biofuel company founded to produce cellulosic ethanol made from wood and switchgrass. Headquartered in Lebanon, New Hampshire, the company was founded in 2005 by Robert Johnsen (CEO), Lee Lynd and Charles Wyman, two professors from Dartmouth College. The company was named after Mascoma Lake, which is near Lebanon. In November 2014, the yeast-related business assets including the Mascoma name were purchased by Lallemand, Inc. of Montreal, Canada. The R&D facility in Lebanon, NH was renamed Mascoma LLC which is now a subsidiary of Lallemand. The remaining business assets of the former Mascoma Corp. including the thermophilic bacteria technology, pilot plant in Rome, NY, and former headquarters in Waltham, MA were renamed Enchi Corporation.

Document 6578724:
Gruma
Gruma, S.A.B. de C.V., known as Gruma, is a Mexican multinational corn flour and tortillas manufacturing company headquartered in San Pedro, near Monterrey, Mexico. It may be the largest corn flour and tortillas manufacturer in the world. Its brand names include Mission (Misión in Mexico), Maseca, and Guerrero.

Document 7923034:
Matthew Krel
Matthew Krel (194520 May 2009) was a Russian-Jewish conductor who migrated to Australia and in 1988 founded the SBS Radio and Television Youth Orchestra, of which he was the chief conductor until his death. Like his Soviet friend, the composer Dmitry Kabalevsky, he was passionate about creating quality musical performance ensembles for young people. He was also profoundly influenced by Zoltán Kodály's philosophy.

Document 5566565:
Madame Tussauds Shanghai
Madame Tussauds Shanghai (上海杜莎夫人臘像館) is a wax museum located on the 10th floor of the New World Department Store, Nanjing Xi Road, Shanghai, China. Opened May 1, 2006 it was the second Madame Tussauds museum to open in Asia after Madame Tussauds Hong Kong. It offers a mix of Chinese and western figures, from film stars to athletes and world leaders.

Document 6281272:
Gilmer, Texas
Gilmer is a town in and the county seat of Upshur County, Texas, United States. It is best known for being the home of the East Texas Yamboree, as well as the birthplace of popular music singers Don Henley of the Eagles band and Johnny Mathis, as well as blues musician Freddie King. The population was 4,905 at the 2010 census. The city's namesake is a former United States Secretary of the Navy, Thomas Walker Gilmer.

Document 5173131:
Panzer
Panzer (] ) is a German word that means armour. It is also used by German-speakers as an abbreviation meaning ""armoured fighting vehicle"" or tank (the military vehicle). The full German word for "armoured combat vehicle" is "Panzerkampfwagen". The word "Panzer" is occasionally used in English and some other languages as a loanword in the context of the German military.

Document 5889267:
Andres de Saya
Andres de Saya is a weekly sitcom of GMA Network starring Cesar Montano and Iza Calzado. It is a TV remake of comic novel of Carlo J. Caparas. It premiered on May 28, 2011 in the Philippines, replacing "Mind Master"'s time slot. The show premiered on GMA Pinoy TV on June 4 (Middle East); June 5 (North America, Asia-Pacific), one week after its original premiere. but on July 24 they moved to Sunday replacing "Show Me Da Manny".

Document 9870703:
Hoya imbricata
Hoya imbricata is a myrmecophile epiphytic creeper with long, thin climbing stems, occurring throughout tropical Asia. It is unusual for its large, decorative, mottled green and purple dome-shaped leaves of some 25cm in diameter, which offer accommodation to ant colonies. The succulent leaves have the appearance of waterlily pads, and are like upturned dinner plates, convex on the outer surface and concave on the inner, hugging the tree-trunk on which the plant grows, and overlapping or imbricate in the fashion of rooftiles, and providing a covered walkway from ground level into the upper branches. The plant produces a network of roots beneath each leaf, exploiting nutrients resulting from the presence of the ant colony, and contributing significantly to its metabolism. As with "Dischidia major" an appreciable amount of carbon dioxide may be absorbed by the underside of the leaves, creating vital stocks of sugars, proteins, and lipids.

Document 3230397:
Ran Blake
Ran Blake (born April 20, 1935) is an American pianist, composer, and educator. He is known for his unique style that combines blues, gospel, classical, and film noir influences into an innovative and dark jazz sound. His career spans over 40 recording credits on jazz albums along with more than 40 years of teaching jazz at the New England Conservatory of Music, where he started the Department of Third Stream (now called the Department of Contemporary Improvisation) with Gunther Schuller.

Document 2202646:
Festival Singers of Atlanta
Festival Singers of Atlanta, which founded in 1981, is an ensemble which presents choral music of the Renaissance, Baroque, and Contemporary eras to audiences in Atlanta and the American Southeast. The group particularly specializes in unaccompanied music of the Renaissance and 20th-21st century music that resonates with the Anglican choral tradition.

Document 5037961:
Starstruck (2010 film)
Starstruck (stylized StarStruck) is a 2010 Disney Channel Original Movie starring Sterling Knight and Danielle Campbell.

Document 6140518:
Oh Boy! (1938 film)
Oh Boy! is a 1938 British comedy film directed by Albert de Courville and starring Albert Burdon, Mary Lawson and Bernard Nedell. It was made at Elstree Studios by ABPC. The film's sets were designed by the art director John Mead.

Document 6367876:
Michael Herz (producer)
Michael Herz is an American film producer, director and screenwriter. With Lloyd Kaufman, the two are the co-founders of Troma Entertainment, the world's longest running independent film studio, known for their comedic horror films, including the cult favorite "Toxic Avenger series and "Tromeo and Juliet".

Document 8657731:
State of Georgia Building
The State of Georgia Building, alternately referenced as 2 Peachtree Street, is a 44-story, 566 ft skyscraper located in downtown Atlanta, Georgia, U.S.. Built in 1966, the building was the tallest building in the Southeast at the time. It was Atlanta's tallest until 1976, when the Westin Peachtree Plaza surpassed it. It was built on the site of the Peachtree Arcade, A. Ten Eyck Brown's 1917 covered shopping arcade which connected Peachtree and Broad streets. 2 Peachtree Street was originally constructed as the new headquarters building for First National Bank of Atlanta, also known as First Atlanta, replacing its older (1905) headquarters building next door (the lower half of which remains today as Georgia State's Andrew Young School of Policy Studies). It was designed by a partnership of Atlanta architectural firm FABRAP and New York firm Emery Roth & Sons. First Atlanta was acquired by the holding company for Wachovia Bank in 1985, but continued to operate under its own charter until 1991. In 1991, under new liberalized banking laws, First Atlanta was merged into the charter of Wachovia Bank of Georgia. Shortly thereafter, Wachovia moved its Georgia offices to 191 Peachtree and 2 Peachtree Street was acquired by the state of Georgia for government offices.

Document 2612629:
Hurricane Doria
Hurricane Doria was an unusual and erratic hurricane that existed during September 1967. The fourth named storm and hurricane of the 1967 Atlantic hurricane season, Doria developed on September 8 off the east coast of Florida. It meandered until attaining tropical storm status, at which point the storm accelerated towards the northeast. On September 10, Doria intensified into a Category 1 hurricane on the modern-day Saffir–Simpson Hurricane Scale. After moving out to sea, the storm turned westward towards the United States. A compact cyclone, Doria weakened to a tropical storm shortly before moving ashore in the Mid-Atlantic States. The storm ultimately dissipated on September 21.

Document 6582253:
Hong Kong Citizen Forum
The Hong Kong Citizen Forum () was a short-lived pro-Beijing political organisation in Hong Kong founded in 1991. Led by Gary Cheng Kai-nam. a school teacher from a traditional leftist school, the organisation was formed on 20 April 1991 in the background of the first direct election for the Legislative Council of Hong Kong in September.

Document 5739148:
51st Bodil Awards
The 51st Bodil Awards ceremony was held in 1998 in Copenhagen, Denmark, honouring the best national and foreign films of 1997. "Let's Get Lost" directed by "Jonas Elmer" won the award for Best Danish Film.

Document 6038910:
Full Circle (Randy Travis album)
Full Circle is the tenth studio album by American country music artist Randy Travis. His last album for Warner Bros. Records until 2008 (not counting his later country-gospel works for Word/Warner/Curb), the album produced four singles: "Are We in Trouble Now", "Would I", "Price to Pay", and a cover of Roger Miller's hit single "King of the Road". This cover was also featured in the soundtrack to the 1997 film "Traveller".

Document 4954093:
BSFA Award for Best Novel
The BSFA Awards are given every year by the British Science Fiction Association. The Best Novel award is open to any novel-length work of science fiction or fantasy that has been published in the UK for the first time in the previous year. Serialised novels are eligible, provided that the publication date of the concluding part is in the previous year. If a novel has been previously published elsewhere, but it hasn't been published in the UK until the previous year, it is eligible.

Document 6428764:
Live (Russian song)
Live (Russian: Жить ) is a song and music video composed by Igor Matvienko following the 2015 plane crash on the Sinai Peninsula. 28 artists participated in the music video, among them Grigory Leps, Polina Gagarina, Timati, Hibla Gerzmava, Vladimir Kristovski, Valeriy Syutkin, Alexandr Marshal and Evgeny Margulis. The song is part of the social project "Live" which emphasizes the importance of finding joy in life despite hardships.

Document 1548357:
Of Mice and Men (1992 film)
Of Mice and Men is a 1992 American period drama film based on John Steinbeck's 1937 novella of the same name. Directed and produced by Gary Sinise, the film features Sinise as George Milton, alongside John Malkovich as Lennie Small, with Casey Siemaszko as Curley, John Terry as Slim, Ray Walston as Candy, Joe Morton as Crooks, and Sherilyn Fenn as Curley's wife. Horton Foote adapted the story for film. Its plot centers on George and the intellectually disabled Lennie, two farm workers who travel together and dream of one day owning their own land. With their work passes, the two end up on Tyler Ranch. George finds a property for sale, and calculates that they can buy the land at the end of the month with Candy's help. The film explores themes of discrimination, loneliness, and the American Dream.

Document 1045924:
American Stock Car Racing Association
The American Stock Car Racing Association (ASCRA) was formed in Trenton, New Jersey in August/September 1947 by the owners and drivers of stock cars for the betterment of the sport. The officers for the first season were Leon McBride President, Paul Barbiche First Vice President, Charles DiNatale Second Vice President, Rocky DiNatale Treasurer, and William Streeter Secretary. The first event was Sunday October 5 at Flemington Fairgrounds, New Jersey. The winner of the darkness shortened feature was Tommy Bradshaw of Trenton, New Jersey.

Document 7110418:
Mago (album)
Mago is a jazz album released by Billy Martin and John Medeski of the jazz trio Medeski Martin & Wood. "Mago" was recorded over two days in July 2006, and was produced by Martin. The duets album features Martin on drums and Medeski on Hammond B3 organ.

Document 6017805:
Jamia Wilson
Jamia Wilson (born October 10, 1980) is an American writer, commentator, and feminist activist based in New York City. She is the Executive Director and Publisher of the Feminist Press at CUNY. Wilson is the youngest director in the Press's 47-year history, as well as the first woman of color to head the organization. Prior to joining the Feminist Press, Wilson was the Executive Director of Women, Action, and the Media and a staff writer at Rookie (magazine). Her work has appeared in several books such as "Madonna and Me: Women Writers on the Queen of Pop", "The V Word", "", and "When Grace Meets Power", and "I Still Believe Anita Hill". She has been recognized as one of the “17 Faces of the Future of Feminism” by "Refinery29", and named as one of the “Real Hot 100" by the Younger Women's Task Force.

Document 8303706:
Murder of Leslie Mahaffy
Leslie Erin Mahaffy (July 5, 1976 – June 16, 1991) was a Canadian murder victim of killers Paul Bernardo and Karla Homolka. At the time of her death, she was a 14-year-old student and resident of Burlington, Ontario. Mahaffy's kidnapping was one in a series of disappearances of Ontario schoolgirls in the early 1990s, including Kristen French, also a victim of Bernardo and Homolka. Prior to killing Mahaffy in 1991 and French in 1992, the pair had raped and killed Homolka's teenaged sister Tammy in 1990. The disappearances, arrests, and convictions were widely covered in Canadian media, becoming one of the most notorious crimes in Canadian history.

Document 3731440:
Rostislav Yankovsky
Rostislav Ivanovich Yankovsky (Belarusian: Расьціслаў Іванавіч Янкоўскі , Russian: Ростислав Иванович Янковский ; 5 February 1930 – 26 June 2016) was a Belarusian actor. He was born in Odessa on 5 February 1930, studied in Leninabad and debuted in the Tajik theatre in 1951. Since 1957, he worked in the Minsk Drama Theatre. Yankovsky was named a People's Artist of the USSR in 1978. He is the older brother of the more famous Oleg Yankovsky. His son Igor Yankovsky is also an actor. In 1994 he became the Chairman of the Minsk International Film Festival Listapad.

Document 8162386:
Follow Me! (1972 film)
Follow Me! is a 1972 drama film directed by Sir Carol Reed, starring Mia Farrow and Topol. Adapted by Peter Shaffer from his own play ("The Public Eye"). The picture marks Carol Reed's last completed film.

Document 4944513:
United Refugee Organization
The United Refugee Organization is a non profit freelance organisation whose aim is to foster unity and promote forums, good will, and cohesive interactions between refugees from all backgrounds. It is a refugee body whose other objective is to help exhibit relevant information to needy refugees and a sharing platform on numerous issues affecting them. It was initially formed by a group of refugees in Leeds who despite their refugeeship entered into humanitarian voluntary actions like with organisations like Refugee Council, Leeds Noborder and other refugee endeavours. It was first known as Iranian Refugee Organization in Leeds(IROL/BIMARZ network) after which it consequently metamorphosed into (URO).

Document 7949507:
Qinhuangdao Wildlife Park
Qinhuangdao Wildlife Park is a safari park located in Qinhuangdao in northeast China. It was opened in 1995 and is the country's second largest wildlife park. The park covers an area of some 5,000 acres and is home to roughly 7,000 animals of more than 150 species, including tigers, white tigers, lions, bears, elephants, and a range of birds. Visitors can travel through the park by foot, car or train.

Document 2130484:
North Kansas City, Missouri
North Kansas City is a city in Clay County, Missouri, United States that despite the similarity in name to its larger counterpart, Kansas City, is an independent municipality part of the Kansas City metropolitan area. The population was 4,208 at the 2010 census. Originally a northern suburb across the Missouri River from Kansas City, Missouri, it is now almost completely surrounded by Kansas City, which has annexed far to the north of North Kansas City's northern city limits. North Kansas City also adjoins the small municipality of Avondale.

Document 6167506:
Lithophragma maximum
Lithophragma maximum, known by the common name San Clemente Island woodland star, is a rare species of flowering plant in the saxifrage family. It is endemic to San Clemente Island, one of the eight Channel Islands of California. It is known from only about four kilometers of rocky coastal cliffs on the edge of the island. The plant was thought to be extinct until a few specimens were rediscovered in 1979. Only 200 individuals were tallied in a 1996 survey. In 1997 the plant was listed as an endangered species on the federal level.

Document 4532397:
Vices (Dead Poetic album)
Vices is the third full-length album by Christian hard rock band Dead Poetic. The album was released on October 31, 2006 through Tooth & Nail Records. Aaron Sprinkle once again produced the album, and Chino Moreno of Deftones contributed guest vocals to "Paralytic." Lead vocalist Brandon Rike left the band shortly before the album's release and the band's remaining members opted not to continue with the band, although recently it has been stated that the band has not broken up, and will continue writing music.

Document 6789576:
Orders, decorations, and medals of Zimbabwe
The Zimbabwean honours system was instituted in late 1980 to replace the Rhodesian honours system. The first award that was instituted was the Independence Medal, which was awarded to those who were involved in the Zimbabwean independence commemorations in some way. The Zimbabwean honours system includes a range of orders, gallantry decorations, gallantry medals, and service medals.

Document 6479600:
Edward Coleman (gangster)
Edward Coleman (died January 12, 1839) was the founder of the Forty Thieves, alleged to be oldest criminal gang in New York City and the first Irish gang with an established leader. He became one of New York City's most notorious villains, for the murder of his wife and popular Five Points character known as "The Pretty Hot Corn Girl".

Document 8867277:
Battle of Monmouth
The Battle of Monmouth was an American Revolutionary War battle fought on June 28, 1778, in Monmouth County, New Jersey. The Continental Army under General George Washington attacked the rear of the British Army column commanded by Lieutenant General Sir Henry Clinton as they left Monmouth Court House (modern Freehold Borough). It is also known as the Battle of Monmouth Courthouse.

Document 8939453:
Trolley park
In the United States, trolley parks, which started in the 19th century, were picnic and recreation areas along or at the ends of streetcar lines in most of the larger cities. These were precursors to amusement parks. These trolley parks were created by the streetcar companies to give people a reason to use their services on weekends. These parks originally consisted of picnic groves and pavilions, and often held events such as dances, concerts and fireworks. Many eventually added features such as swimming pools, carousels, Ferris wheels, roller coasters, sports fields, boats rides, restaurants and other resort facilities to become amusement parks. Various sources report the existence of between 1,500 and 2,000 amusement parks in the United States by 1919.

Document 4129999:
Yuvan Shankar Raja
Yuvan Shankar Raja (born 31 August 1979) is an Indian singer-songwriter, film score and soundtrack composer, and occasional lyricist from Chennai, Tamil Nadu. He has predominantly scored music for Tamil films. The youngest son of the greatest tamil film composer Ilaiyaraaja, he began his musical career in 1996, at age 16, when he composed the film score for "Aravindhan". After initial struggle, he made his big break with the "Thulluvadho Ilamai" soundtrack (2001), and evolved as one of Tamil cinema's most sought-after composers by the mid-2000s.

Document 9826283:
91.7 ABC Gold Coast
91.7 ABC Gold Coast (ACMA callsign: 4ABCRR) is an ABC Local Radio station. Based in the suburb of Mermaid Beach, the station broadcasts to the Gold Coast and surrounding hinterland in Queensland, covering as far south as Byron Bay in New South Wales.

Document 7189628:
History of the Kansas City metropolitan area
The history of the Kansas City metropolitan area begins in the 19th century as Frenchmen from St. Louis, Missouri moved up the Missouri River to trap for furs and trade with the Native Americans. The Kansas City metropolitan area, straddling the border between Missouri and Kansas at the confluence of the Kansas and Missouri Rivers, was a strategic point for commerce and security. Kansas City, Missouri was founded in 1838 and defeated its rival Westport to become the predominant city west of St. Louis. The area played a major role in the westward expansion of the United States. The Santa Fe, and Oregon trails ran through the area. In 1854, when Kansas was opened to Euro-American settlement, the Missouri-Kansas border became the first battlefield in the conflict in the American Civil War.

Document 8189752:
Spaghetti strap
A spaghetti strap (also called noodle strap) is a very thin shoulder strap used to support clothing, while providing minimal shoulder straps over otherwise bare shoulders. It is commonly used in garments such as swimwear, camisoles, crop tops, bras, cocktail dresses, and evening gowns, so-named for its resemblance to the thin pasta strings called "spaghetti."

Document 5204376:
Amari Cheatom
Amari Cheatom is an American actor popularly known for his role in "Django Unchained". He also plays a major role in new American drama ""Crown Heights"."

Document 3571246:
Crosley
The Crosley was an automobile manufactured by the Crosley Corporation and later by Crosley Motors Incorporated in the United States intermittently from 1939 to 1952.

Document 1678300:
Magnolia Avenue station
Magnolia Avenue station is a SEPTA Route 102 trolley stop in Aldan, Pennsylvania. It is located at Woodlawn an Magnolia Avenues, a four-way stop intersection in a residential area. Like the former Shisler Avenue station two stops north, Magnolia Avenue provides no shelter, platforms, or seats, and commuters must wait on the sidewalks of Woodlawn Avenue for trolley cars. Unlike Shisler, Magnolia is not near a park or school.

Document 1645068:
Ron Flatter
Ronald Allen "Ron" Flatter (born April 9, 1959 in San Rafael, Calif.) is an American and Australian radio broadcaster based in New York City. He is currently a national news anchor for Fox News Radio in New York, and a sportscaster for Sport 927 in Melbourne, Australia. He was until September 2010 a radio sportscaster for WEPN, ESPN New York.

Document 2786719:
Dominik García-Lorido
Dominik Cristina García-Lorido (born August 16, 1983) is an American actress known for playing roles in "The Lost City" as Mercedes Fellove and "City Island" as Vivian Rizzo (the daughter of the character played by actor Andy García, also her real life father). Recently she played the role of Mercedes Lazaro in the 2012 drama "Magic City" on the Starz network.

Document 7975983:
Dodge Challenger
The Dodge Challenger is the name of four different generations of American automobiles (two of those being pony cars) produced by Dodge in Detroit, Michigan. The Dodge Silver Challenger was produced from 1958 to 1959, as a version of the full-sized Dodge Coronet sedan. From MY 1970 to 1974, the second generation Dodge Challenger pony car was built using the Chrysler E platform, sharing major components with the Plymouth Barracuda. The third generation, from 1978 to 1983, was a badge engineered Mitsubishi Galant Lambda compact car. The fourth, and current generation is a pony car introduced in early 2008 as a rival to the evolved fifth generation Ford Mustang and the fifth generation Chevrolet Camaro.

Document 1003575:
Hasta la Raíz
Hasta la Raíz (] , "To the Root") is the sixth studio album by Mexican recording artist Natalia Lafourcade. It was released on March 17, 2015, by Sony Music Latin. After the success of her previous album, "Mujer Divina", a tribute to Mexican singer-songwriter Agustín Lara, Lafourcade decided to record an album with original recordings. Lafourcade spent three years writing the songs and searching for inspiration in different cities, resulting in songs that express very personal feelings regarding love. The record was produced by Lafourcade, with the assistance of Argentinian musician Cachorro López and Mexican artist Leonel García.

Document 4212645:
WYCC
WYCC, virtual channel 20 (UHF digital channel 21), is a secondary Public Broadcasting Service (PBS) member television station licensed to Chicago, Illinois, United States. The station is owned by the City Colleges of Chicago. WYCC maintains studio facilities located at Kennedy–King College on South Union Avenue and Halsted Parkway in the Englewood neighborhood, and its transmitter is located atop the John Hancock Center on North Michigan Avenue in the Streeterville neighborhood. On cable, the station is available on Comcast Xfinity, RCN, WOW! and AT&T U-verse channel 20 SD/1020 HD. There is a high definition feed offered on Xfinity digital channel 240.

Document 9369723:
Royal Military College Paladins
The Royal Military College (RMC) Paladins are the athletic teams that represent Royal Military College of Canada in Kingston, Ontario, Canada. Team colours are red and white. Its facilities include: Kingston Military Community Sport Centre (KMCSC) with seating for 3737; Navy Bay fields with seating for 800; Constantine Arena with seating for 1500 and the Birchall Pavilion.

Document 4278016:
Kansas Song
Kansas Song (We’re From Kansas) is a fight song of the University of Kansas.

Document 7322454:
Joan Merriam Smith
Joan Merriam Smith (c. 1937–1965) was an American aviator famous for her 1964 solo flight around the world that began and ended in Oakland, California, as she set out to follow the same route as the 1937 flight plan of Amelia Earhart. Mrs. Smith had attempted to become the first woman to circumnavigate the globe by herself, but another woman, Jerrie Mock, set off during the same week and would complete the task earlier. Already an accomplished pilot as Joan Merriam, she married Lt. Commander Marvin "Jack" Smith, Jr. in 1960.

Document 9603094:
Nuruddin Farah
Nuruddin Farah (Somali: "Nuuradiin Faarax" , Arabic: نورالدين فارح‎ ‎ ) (born 24 November 1945) is a Somali novelist. He has also written plays both for stage and radio, as well as short stories and essays. Since leaving Somalia in the 1970s he has lived and taught in numerous countries, including the United States, England, Germany, Italy, Sweden, Sudan, India, Uganda, Nigeria and South Africa.

Document 3998601:
Kansas City Scout
Kansas City Scout is one of the United States' largest electronic traffic management systems. It was created in 2000 as part of a bi-state initiative between the Missouri Department of Transportation and the Kansas Department of Transportation to provide this system for the Kansas City Metropolitan Area, which is in both Missouri and Kansas (the anchor city of Kansas City is in Missouri). The project's cost was $43 million. Of that amount, the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA) contributed 80-90 percent of the project cost. KDOT and MoDOT shared the remaining cost. The system employs a system of electronic boards placed on major highways throughout the metropolitan area that display traffic information whenever information needs to be displayed (due to an accident, lane closure, highway closure etc.), and the system also has cameras on those billboards to automatically detect traffic problems. While the system has extensive coverage of highways in the Kansas City Metropolitan Area it still has much more to cover. Since it would be too expensive to cover all the major highways in the Kansas City metro (which has more miles of highway per person than any other metropolitan area in the United States), studies were conducted to determine which highways or segments of highways have priority due to higher accident rates. Since the project's beginning, it has expanded greatly, and will continue to expand. Future plans are to extend coverage to I-635 and cover I-435 even more (especially in the northern areas of the metro) as well as other major city highways. It was named after the iconic Kansas City Scout Statue that exists in Penn Valley Park, overlooking Downtown Kansas City.

Document 2112674:
After Hours (Rahsaan Patterson album)
After Hours is the third studio album by American neo-soul artist Rahsaan Patterson, released on October 26, 2004, under Artistry Music. The album is his first independent release on the record label. The album debuted at #65 on "Billboard's" Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart. In 2003, He released the song "The One for Me", which originally appeared on the 2002 Steve Harvey complilation album "Sign of Things to Come: Steve's Pick of the Year". The singles, "April's Kiss", "So Hot" and "Forever Yours" received heavy rotation airplay on radio, but failed to chart on Billboards singles chart. Production for the album includes Patterson, Jamey Jaz, Van Hunt) and Steve "Silk" Hurley as his core writing and production team, along with members of his band, John "Jubu" Smith, Keith Crouch, background vocalists', Trina Broussard and RaRe Valverde.

Document 8215975:
The Devil Diamond
The Devil Diamond is a 1937 American film directed by Leslie Goodwins.

Document 9265269:
Emergency Third Rail Power Trip
Emergency Third Rail Power Trip is the title of Paisley Underground band Rain Parade's debut album, released in 1983. It is one of the most prominent records in the Paisley Underground movement of the 1980s.

Document 3505288:
Suthep Wongkamhaeng
Suthep Wongkamhaeng (สุเทพ วงศ์กำแหง) was born in Korat, Thailand. He is a Thai national singer, referred to as a "crooner". His style of music is Luk Krung. He is very well known by his songs "Luk Kom pà (Orphan), Rak kunh Kai laen (I'd have love you now), and Jai pi (My heart)". He was named a National Artist in 1990. In 2003, he gained international attention because his song "Pid Tang Rak" ("Wrong Way to Love") was among 18 songs deemed "improper" or offensive to "public decency", by the Ministry of Culture's Culture Watch Center. As the song was twenty years old, and he considered it inoffensive, he reacted to the ruling with surprise. In 2005, he sang at Princess Petcharat Rajsuda's 80th Anniversary at the request of the Cultural Council. He has performed in many movies and sang in the introduction of many Thai classic movies. Today he works as President of the music of Thailand in organizing the music industry and still sings.

Document 7876654:
Jad Saxton
Jād Brennon Saxton is an American voice actress who works for Funimation and Sentai Filmworks. Her name is an acronym of her parents' names, Jimmy and David, and is pronounced as Jade. Her singing led to her first voice role in "" as Eimi Mori, and her first major voice role was Masako Hara in "Ghost Hunt". She graduated summa cum laude from Texas Wesleyan University with a Bachelor of Arts in Music in 2005. Some of her other major roles in anime include Akatsuki in "Log Horizon", Carla in "Fairy Tail", Hatchin in "Michiko & Hatchin", Sena Kashiwazaki in "Haganai", Haruna in "Is This a Zombie?", and Koneko Tojo in "High School DxD".

Document 3115770:
Jamestown, Ontario
Jamestown is the name given to a small settlement, circa 1850, that sprang up along the boundary between Morris and Grey Townships, along the Maitland River in Southwestern Ontario, north of present day Brussels. Apparently, James' Town derived its name from the number of men in the local community with the name of James - James Aitchison, James Lynn, James Strachan, James Simpson, James Forrest and James Moses. Because of all the James' living locally, James Aitchison, a reporter from Goderich, referred to the junction as James' Town. The name changed to Jamestown through the years.

Document 4675794:
UFC 5
UFC 5: The Return of the Beast was a mixed martial arts event held by the Ultimate Fighting Championship on April 7, 1995, at the Independence Arena in Charlotte, North Carolina. The event was seen live on pay per view in the United States, and later released on home video.

Document 9079852:
Tiger Army (album)
Tiger Army is the first full-length release by California psychobilly band Tiger Army, released on October 26, 1999. The band had previously recorded a vinyl EP (the "Temptation EP") in 1996, and came to the attention of Tim Armstrong, the owner of Hellcat Records. Armstrong contacted Tiger Army's lead singer, Nick 13, interested in the band recording an album. Although Nick 13 did not initially have a confirmed line-up for the band, the studio line-up consisted of Nick 13, drummer Adam Carson (borrowed from AFI) and bassist Rob Peltier, from The Quakes.

Document 7018858:
Dream Lover (disambiguation)
"Dream Lover" is a song by Bobby Darin.

Document 2916579:
Made in Chelsea (series 13)
The thirteenth series of Made in Chelsea, a British structured-reality television programme began airing on 20 March 2017 on E4 and concluded on 29 May 2017 following eleven episodes. Ahead of the series, cast members Binky Felstead and Josh "JP" Patterson announced they were expecting a child. New cast members for this series include Daisy Robins, Ella Willis, Harry Baron, Mimi Bouchard and Sam Prince. "Love Island" contestant Tina Stinnes also returned to the series having previously briefly appearing in the seventh series of the show. This was the final series to feature original cast member Alexandra "Binky" Felstead who made an announcement of her departure ahead of the final episode. This episode also included the one-off return of Francesa "Cheska" Hull as she attended Binky's baby shower. The series heavily focused on the rift between Jamie and Frankie following a number of obstacles getting in their way, the end of Olivia and Fredrik's relationship when his attention sways elsewhere, and JP and Binky planning their future with the imminent arrival of their baby. It also included Louise and Ryan taking their relationship to the next step, and Julius and Ella facing difficulties whilst trying to earn each other's trust.

Document 9168729:
National Herald (India)
National Herald is an Indian newspaper published by The Associated Journals Ltd. It was founded by freedom fighter and India's first prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru in 1938 as a tool to win independence. The history of journalism in India is closely linked to the history of the struggle for independence from British rule. Most of the freedom fighters and social activists were journalists and they worked to rid India of foreign rule and fight the social prejudices as well. It was banned by British government in 1942 during Quit India movement. After independence, the newspaper was briefly shutdown in 1940s and 70s. Owing to financial crunch, the operations were temporarily stopped in 2008. In 2016, board of directors of Associated Journals Limited (AJL) took the decision of relaunching the newspaper..

Document 2361122:
Komla Dumor
Komla Afeke Dumor (3 October 1972 – 18 January 2014) was a Ghanaian journalist who worked for BBC World News and was the main presenter of its programme "Focus on Africa".

Document 5322520:
George Lauder of the Bass
Sir George Lauder of the Bass, Knight (died 27 June 1611, on the Bass Rock), was a cleric, Privy Counsellor, and Member of the Scottish Parliament. He was also Tutor to Henry Frederick, Prince of Wales.

Document 2108224:
The World Is What It Is
The World Is What It Is: The Authorized Biography of V. S. Naipaul is a biography of the Nobel Prize-winning author V. S. Naipaul by Patrick French. It was published in 2008 (by Picador in the UK and Knopf in the USA). The title is a quotation from Naipaul's book "A Bend in the River".

Document 8929924:
Amaryllis
Amaryllis ( ) is the only genus in the subtribe Amaryllidinae (tribe Amaryllideae). It is a small genus of flowering bulbs, with two species. The better known of the two, "Amaryllis belladonna", is a native of the Western Cape region of South Africa, particularly the rocky southwest area between the Olifants River Valley to Knysna. For many years there was confusion among botanists over the generic names "Amaryllis" and "Hippeastrum", one result of which is that the common name "amaryllis" is mainly used for cultivars of the genus "Hippeastrum", widely sold in the winter months for their ability to bloom indoors. Plants of the genus "Amaryllis" are known as belladonna lily, Jersey lily, naked lady, amarillo, Easter lily in Southern Australia or, in South Africa, March lily due to its propensity to flower around March. This is one of numerous genera with the common name "lily" due to their flower shape and growth habit. However, they are only distantly related to the true lily, "Lilium".

Document 5806128:
Tiffany Evans (album)
Tiffany Evans is the self-titled debut album by R&B singer Tiffany Evans. It was released by Columbia Records on April 22, 2008 in United States and on August 27, 2008 in Japan with two bonus tracks (see 2008 in music). The first single was "Promise Ring", which features Ciara and is Evans' most successful single to date. The second was "I'm Grown", which features Bow Wow. The album was executive produced by Ciara and The Clutch. Album peaked at number 134 on US Billboard 200.

Document 2341666:
Giovanni Galzerani
Giovanni Galzerani (circa 1789 - after 1853) was an Italian choreographer, ballet dancer, and composer who was active in major theatres throughout Italy from 1808 to 1853. He was born in Porto Azzurro on the Isle of Elba and began his education in Gaeta where his father was the military commandant at the time. At his father's wish he enrolled in the Collegio della Nunziatella in Naples to train for a military career, remaining there until the age of 17. While at the college, he also studied ballroom dancing with Ferdinando Gioia, the brother of the celebrated dancer and choreographer Gaetano Gioia, and became one of his best pupils. After his father's death in 1806, Galzerani abandoned preparations for a military career and dedicated himself entirely to the ballet, first as a dancer and then as a choreographer. He also composed the music for some of his ballets, such as "Il pericolo" which premiered in 1818 at the Teatro Regio in Turin.

Document 5080820:
Sungai Ruan
Sungai Ruan is a town located in Raub District, Pahang, Malaysia. With a latitude of 3.8 (3° 47' 60 N) and a longitude of 101.87 (101° 52' 0 E), it is a hydrographic (stream). The 10 square km area of town has an approximate population of 10,000 and an average elevation of 227 meters above sea level. The town is surrounded by isolated forest and oil palm plantations. Sungai Ruan located about 13 km from Raub town. Most of the resident here are rubber tappers and farmers, a predominantly Chinese new village with plantations as their main source of income. The ethnic composition is roughly 15% Malay and Bumiputra, 65% Chinese, 5% Indians and 15% non-citizens.

Document 9279258:
The Lebanon Patriot
The Lebanon Patriot, now defunct, was an American newspaper published weekly at Lebanon, Ohio, the seat of Warren County. The paper was founded by General Durbin Ward as a Democratic paper and first published on January 16, 1868. Warren County being ardently Republican, the paper was to take the place of the previous Democratic paper in the county, the "Democratic Citizen", which was destroyed by a mob at the outbreak of the Civil War. Ward sold the paper to Edward Warwick who sold it to A. A. Roland (born February 11, 1853) in April 1878. Circa 1883 it was owned and edited by Mary V. Proctor Wilson. The paper was last issued in December 1936 when it merged with "The Western Star", another weekly in Lebanon. The combined paper was published as "The Western Star and Lebanon Patriot" from January 7, 1937, to June 30, 1938.

Document 8308548:
BroadwayHD
BroadwayHD is a live theater to digital platforms company, founded in 2013 by Stewart F. Lane and Bonnie Comley. Based out of New York City, the company records live theater performances to be made available through other platforms such as movie theaters, television, and DVDs. The first production recorded by BroadwayHD was Romeo and Juliet which had a limited run engagement on Broadway from September 19, 2013 to December 8, 2013. The show starred movie actor Orlando Bloom and two time Tony-nominated actress Condola Rashad. The digital recording was released in movie theaters across the U.S. in February 2014. It screened internationally in April 2014.

Document 2381533:
Lewis Merenstein
Lewis Merenstein (October 23, 1934 – September 6, 2016) was an American record producer, most famous as the producer of the Van Morrison album "Astral Weeks", and as executive producer for "Moondance", Morrison's 1970 album. "Astral Weeks" was listed as #19 on the Rolling Stone Magazine's The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time in 2003. In November 2006, when CNN published their list of "The All-Time 100 Albums", "Astral Weeks" was on the list, along with "Moondance".

Document 1537436:
Stopping the clock
Stopping the clock is a controversial practice in American and Canadian legislative procedure in which a legislature literally or notionally stops the clock (or moves the hands backwards), usually for the purpose of meeting a constitutional or statutory deadline. Riddick's Rules of Procedure notes, "The official clock is stopped by agreement of the 'powers that be' without any motion or announcement one minute before the designated hour." Sometimes it is done to allow more time for lobbying or deal-making to obtain the necessary votes for one side to prevail on a measure. Some legislatures actually stop the clock, and others simply use it as a metaphor for continuing business after a time deadline has passed. Stopping the clock is also sometimes done for ceremonial purposes to ensure that both houses of a bicameral legislature adjourn simultaneously.

Document 2804196:
Chuck Barris
Charles Hirsch Barris (June 3, 1929 – March 21, 2017) was an American game show creator, producer and host. Barris was known for hosting "The Gong Show", and creating "The Dating Game" and "The Newlywed Game". He was also a songwriter, who wrote "Palisades Park" for Freddy Cannon. Barris wrote an autobiography titled "Confessions of a Dangerous Mind", which was made into the film of the same name directed by George Clooney.

Document 6197034:
Oliver!
Oliver! is an English musical, with music and lyrics by Lionel Bart. The musical is based upon the novel "Oliver Twist" by Charles Dickens.

Document 9348626:
Beetlejuice (entertainer)
Lester Green (born June 2, 1968), better known by his stage name "Beetlejuice" (often abbreviated to Beetle or Beet), is a frequent guest on "The Howard Stern Show" and a member of Stern's Wack Pack. In 2015, the Howard Stern Show named Beetlejuice the greatest Wack Packer of all time. He has appeared in feature films as well as performed voice-over work. Green has performed with various "Howard Stern Show"-related comedians, including those who perform under The Killers of Comedy Tour banner.

Document 5772877:
Kim Min-soo (judoka)
Kim Min-soo (born January 22, 1975) is a South Korean former judoka, professional mixed martial artist and K-1 kickboxer. He is best known for becoming a K-1 World Grand Prix 2006 Finalist and also winning the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta earning a Silver Medal in Judo. He is also known for his fights with current WWE professional wrestler and former UFC Heavyweight Champion and veteran Brock Lesnar, former WWE wrestler and K-1 fighter Sean O'Haire and former NFL football player turned K-1 kickboxer and New Japan Pro Wrestling contender Bob Sapp. Min-soo holds a notable kickboxing win over former UFC fighter Scott Junk. He announced his retirement from contact sports in 2011 with brief stints as color commentator for Japanese and Korean mixed martial arts and professional wrestling events. Kim is also the Judo head coach for Korean Top Team.

Document 5926684:
Sam Piantadosi
Samuel Mathew Piantadosi (April 1946 - 4 March 2010) was an Australian union official and politician. A senior Western Australian union official and the founding chairman of the Ethnic Communities Council in the 1980s, he was elected as an Australian Labor Party member of the Western Australian Legislative Council at the 1983 state election. His election made him the first post-war Italian migrant to be elected to the Parliament of Western Australia. He was re-elected in 1989, but resigned from the Labor Party in 1996, late in his second term, after reading newspaper reports that party figures were suggesting he would retire. He subsequently resigned from the Legislative Council several months short of the conclusion of his term in an unsuccessful attempt to contest the Legislative Assembly seat of Yokine as an independent at the 1996 state election. He returned to politics in 2007 as a councillor and later Deputy Mayor of the Town of Bassendean, and held the latter role until his death.

Document 4590803:
William H. Ginsburg
William H. Ginsburg (March 25, 1943 – April 1, 2013) was an American lawyer, best known for representing former White House intern Monica Lewinsky in her controversy regarding sexual activities with President Bill Clinton in 1998.

Document 8297043:
Robert Kay (librarian)
Robert Kay (19 June 1825 – 23 April 1904) was one of the founders of the Library, Art Gallery and Museum in Adelaide, South Australia, and the originator of the circulating library. At his death he was general director and secretary of the Public Library, Museum, and Art Gallery of South Australia.

Document 1526460:
Ohio State Buckeyes field hockey
The Ohio State Buckeyes field hockey team is the intercollegiate field hockey program representing Ohio State University. The school competes in the Big Ten Conference in Division I of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA). The Ohio State field hockey team plays its home games at Buckeye Varsity Field on the university campus in Columbus, Ohio. Since the establishment of the field hockey program in 1971, the Buckeyes have won three Big Ten conference regular-season championships, one conference tournament title, and have appeared in the NCAA tournament seven times. The team is currently coached by Anne Wilkinson.

Document 3626153:
Lee Kum Kee
Lee Kum Kee International Holdings Ltd. () is a Hong Kong-based food company which specialized in manufacturing oyster flavored sauce and a wide range of Chinese and Asian sauces. Founded by Lee Kum Sheung in 1888 in Nanshui, Canton (now Guangdong), Lee Kum Kee produces over 200 Chinese-style sauces, including soy sauce, hoisin sauce, XO sauce, one-step recipe sauce, chili sauce, cooking ingredients, and dipping sauce. The group also purchased London's landmark Walkie-Talkie skyscraper in July 2017 for £1.3bn, which was a record-breaking transaction for a single building in the UK.

Document 6267324:
The Weary Kind
"The Weary Kind" (full title "The Weary Kind (Theme from Crazy Heart)") is a country song written by Ryan Bingham and T Bone Burnett for the film "Crazy Heart", a 2009 film directed by Scott Cooper starring Jeff Bridges and Maggie Gyllenhaal. Colin Farrell and Bridges perform renditions of the song in the film. Bingham and his Dead Horses serve as Bridges' backing band in the film.

Document 9097767:
Best of 4Minute
Best of 4Minute is the first Japanese compilation album by the South Korean girl group 4Minute. It is composed of all the Japanese tracks released by the group since their debut in Japan. It was released on September 26, 2012 in three different editions: 2 limited CD+DVD (Type A with a live event and Type B with all Japanese music videos) and a Regular edition.

Document 1154772:
Pay-per-view
Pay-per-view (PPV) is a type of pay television service by which a subscriber of a television service provider can purchase events to view via private telecast. The broadcaster shows the event at the same time to everyone ordering it (as opposed to video-on-demand systems, which allow viewers to see recorded broadcasts at any time). Events can be purchased using an on-screen guide, an automated telephone system, or through a live customer service representative. Events often include feature films, sporting events, and other entertainment programs. With the rise of the Internet, the term Internet pay-per-view (iPPV) has been used to describe pay-per-view services accessed online. PPV is most commonly used to distribute combat sports events, such as boxing, mixed martial arts, and sports entertainment such as professional wrestling.

Document 8010698:
World Rock'n'Roll Confederation
World Rock 'n' Roll Confederation (WRRC) was registered in 1984, although its history traces to 1974. It is an umbrella organization for national professional and amateur Rock and Roll dancesport federations. Its statute that it "aims at promoting the physical training of its members by means of sporting activities in the form of Rock 'n' Roll dance tournaments, including the acrobatic variations (acrobatic rock 'n' roll) as well as Rock 'n' Roll and Boogie Woogie, Lindy Hop, Formation and alternative styles in line with the rules and sporting presentations". The registered office is in Ljubljana, Slovenia.

Document 9836713:
Spooks (series 1)
The first series of the British spy drama television series "Spooks" (known as MI-5 in the United States) began broadcasting on 13 May 2002 on BBC One, before ending on 17 June 2002. It consists of six episodes. "Spooks" follows the actions of Section D, a counter-terrorism division of the British Security Services (MI5). Among the storylines, main character Tom Quinn faces dilemmas living a double life with his girlfriend, who at first does not know he is really a spy, and Tessa Phillips is running phantom agents for monetary gain. Matthew Macfadyen, Keeley Hawes, David Oyelowo, Peter Firth, Jenny Agutter, Lisa Faulkner, Esther Hall, Heather Cave, Hugh Simon and Greame Mearns are listed as the main cast.

Document 9110038:
Gustavus Airport
Gustavus Airport (IATA: GST, ICAO: PAGS, FAA LID: GST) is a state owned, public use airport located in Gustavus, a city in the Hoonah-Angoon Census Area of the U.S. state of Alaska. Scheduled airline service is subsidized by the Essential Air Service program.

Document 5661755:
Odd Girl Out
Odd Girl Out is a 2005 drama telefilm starring Alexa Vega, Lisa Vidal, Elizabeth Rice, Alicia Morton, Leah Pipes, Shari Dyon Perry, Joey Nappo, and Chad Biagini. First aired April 4, 2005 on Lifetime, the film is based on the book "Odd Girl Out: The Hidden Culture of Aggression in Girls" by Rachel Simmons. It sheds light onto the topic of school hostility and bullying among girls.

Document 2108790:
Battle of Stromboli
The naval Battle of Stromboli took place on 8 January 1676 during the Franco-Dutch War between a French fleet of 20 ships under Abraham Duquesne and a combined fleet of 19 Dutch and one Spanish ship under Lieutenant-Admiral-General Michiel de Ruyter that lasted eight hours and ended inconclusively. The fleets fought again at the Battle of Augusta.

Document 3640633:
Mark McCorkle
Mark McCorkle is an American screenwriter, television writer and television producer. Among others, he is co-creator of the popular Disney animated series, "Kim Possible". He frequently collaborates with fellow writer Bob Schooley. Prior to "Kim Possible", McCorkle, Schooley, and the main director of "Kim Possible", Steve Loter, also held their respective jobs (writer/producer and director respectively) on "Buzz Lightyear of Star Command". Many voice talents on "Kim Possible", also did work of "Buzz Lightyear of Star Command" (Nicole Sullivan, Patrick Warburton). Both series can be similarly compared to each other. He did work on DreamWorks' "The Penguins of Madagascar" as a producer along with Schooley, again with regular voices Sullivan and John DiMaggio. As of 2016, McCorkle and Schooley are creating and executive producing a new TV series based on the 2014 Disney animated feature, "Big Hero 6" for Disney XD.

Document 8756720:
Judith McNaught
Judith McNaught (born May 10, 1944) is a bestselling author of over a dozen historical and contemporary romance novels, with 30 million copies of her works in print. She was also the first female executive producer at a CBS radio station.

Document 7213946:
Hayuya
Hayuya (born c. 1470s) was the Taíno Cacique (Chief) who governed the area in Puerto Rico which now bears his name (which is now spelled "Jayuya").

Document 8085830:
Lanette Phillips
Lanette Phillips is an American film and music video producer. Phillips’ feature producing credits include the Gary Baseman documentary, "Mythical Creatures", which was selected for Sundance Institute New Frontier Story Lab and Sundance Institute Documentary Producers and Fellows Program. Other feature producing credits include documentary film, "Buffalo Girls", and narrative film, "Love Is the Drug", both of which were well-received at the Slamdance Film Festival. Phillips has worked with various artists, such as Ed Sheeran, Rihanna, Calvin Harris, Selena Gomez, Justin Bieber, Beyonce, Ellie Goulding, Christina Aguilera, Jennifer Lopez, 50 Cent, Britney Spears, U2, Eminem, and Michael Jackson.

Document 8710913:
2 Days in Paris
2 Days in Paris is a 2007 Franco-German romantic comedy-drama film written, produced, and directed by Julie Delpy, who also edited the film, composed the soundtrack and played the leading female role. It was followed by the 2012 sequel "2 Days in New York".

Document 3766469:
Big Pussy Bonpensiero
Salvatore "Big Pussy" Bonpensiero, played by Vincent Pastore, is a fictional character on the HBO TV series "The Sopranos". Not to be confused with fellow New Jersey mobster "Little Pussy" Malanga, Big Pussy was a close friend and mob enforcer for Tony Soprano.

Document 8531631:
Dirac delta function
In science and mathematics, the Dirac delta function, or δ function, is a generalized function, or distribution that was historically introduced by the physicist Paul Dirac for modelling the density of an idealized point mass or point charge, as a function that is equal to zero everywhere except for zero and whose integral over the entire real line is equal to one. As there is no function that has these properties, the computations that were done by the theoretical physicists appeared to mathematicians as nonsense, until the introduction of distributions by Laurent Schwartz, for formalizing and validating mathematically these computations. This amounts, in particular, to define Dirac delta function as a linear functional, which maps every function to its value at zero. The Kronecker delta function, which is usually defined on a discrete domain and takes values 0 and 1, is a discrete analog of Dirac delta function.

Document 4673414:
Henry Schoolcraft
Henry Rowe Schoolcraft (March 28, 1793 – December 10, 1864) was an American geographer, geologist, and ethnologist, noted for his early studies of Native American cultures, as well as for his 1832 expedition to the source of the Mississippi River. He is also noted for his major six-volume study of Native Americans published in the 1850s.

Document 3057197:
List of Star Trek: Voyager episodes
This is an episode list for the science fiction television series "", which aired on UPN from January 1995 through May 2001. This is the fourth television program in the "Star Trek" franchise, and comprises a total of 172 episodes over the show's seven seasons. Four episodes of "Voyager" ("", "Dark Frontier", "", and "") each originally aired as two-hour presentations, and are considered whole episodes on the DVD release; additionally, parts I and II of "" aired back-to-back, and are treated as separate episodes on the DVD release. The episodes are listed in chronological order by original air date, which match the episode order in each season's DVD set. This list also includes the stardate on which the events of each episode took place within the fictional "Star Trek" universe.

Document 6505504:
Pan de Azucar Island (Iloilo)
Pan de Azucar (variously Tampisaw Island or Tambaliza [which is also the name of one of the barangays on the island]) is a populated island in the Visayan Sea in the Philippines. The island is known for Mount Pan de Azucar (Mount Sugarloaf) a steep volcanic cone and a prominent landmark at the northern entrance of Guimaras Strait.

Document 6612922:
Driven (2001 film)
Driven is a 2001 action drama film directed by Renny Harlin and starring Sylvester Stallone, who also wrote and produced. It centers on a young racing driver's effort to win the Champ Car World Series auto racing championship. Prior to production, Stallone was seen at many Formula One races, but he was unable to procure enough information about the category due to the secrecy with which teams protect their cars, so he decided to base the film on Champ Car.

Document 2703060:
University of Missouri–Kansas City
The University of Missouri–Kansas City (UMKC) is a public research university serving the greater Kansas City metropolitan area. Located in Kansas City, Missouri, UMKC is one of four system campuses that collectively constitute the University of Missouri. UMKC is spread across multiple locales; the main Volker Campus, home to the majority of university operations, is located in Kansas City's Rockhill neighborhood, east of the Country Club Plaza, and adjacent to both the Stowers Institute for Medical Research and the world-renowned Linda Hall Library. In 2017 the University, in collaboration with Truman Medical Center, Children's Mercy Hospital, the Missouri Health Department, the Jackson County Medical Examiners Office, and the Missouri Department of Mental Health Behavioral Medicine, formed the UMKC Health Sciences District on Hospital Hill. This district is a first-in-the-nation partnership between local and state governments, the university, and these nationally recognized healthcare faculties, designed to promote collaboration in research, innovation, education, grant funding, and community outreach, for the advancement of health and wellness in the greater Kansas City metropolitan area. Also in 2017, the university announced plans to expand its metropolitan identity with the construction of a downtown Campus for the Arts, located near the Kauffman Center for the Performing Arts. The university's enrollment as of 2015 exceeded more than 16,600 students.

Document 3584462:
Jeder stirbt für sich allein (1962 film)
Jeder stirbt für sich allein ("Everyone Dies Alone") is a 1962 West German made for television political drama film based on a best-selling novel by Hans Fallada, itself based on the true story of a working class couple, Otto and Elise Hampel, who committed acts of civil disobedience against the government of Nazi Germany and were executed. Directed by former German Resistance member Falk Harnack—whose brother, sister-in-law and cousins were executed during the Nazi regime—it was the first screen adaptation of Fallada's novel.

Document 1985629:
Haw wars
The Haw Wars (Thai: สงครามปราบฮ่อ ) were fought against Chinese quasi-military forces invading parts of Tonkin and the Siam from 1865–1890. Forces invading Lao domains were ill-disciplined and freely plundered Buddhist temples. Not knowing these were remnants of the aftermath of the Taiping Rebellion led by Hong Xiuquan, a heterodox Christian convert, the invaders were confused with Chinese Muslims from Yunnan called "Haw" (Lao: ຮໍ່; Thai: ฮ่อ; RTGS: "Ho"; Mandarin Chinese: "Hui"). Forces sent by King Rama V failed to suppress the various groups, the last of which eventually disbanded in 1890.

Document 6042710:
Brawl in Cell Block 99
Brawl in Cell Block 99 is a 2017 American action thriller film written and directed by S. Craig Zahler. The film stars Vince Vaughn, Jennifer Carpenter, Don Johnson, Udo Kier, Marc Blucas and Tom Guiry. It was screened out of competition at the 74th Venice International Film Festival. The film is scheduled to be released in theaters on October 6, 2017, and on digital HD and video on demand on October 13, 2017, by RLJE Films.

Document 3725382:
I Don't Need No Doctor
"I Don't Need No Doctor" is an R&B song written by Nick Ashford, Valerie Simpson, and Jo Armstead, first recorded by Ray Charles in 1966. Over the years, it has been covered by bands such as garage rock band The Chocolate Watchband in 1969, Humble Pie in 1971, New Riders of the Purple Sage in 1972, metal band W.A.S.P. in 1986, by metal band Great White in 1987, and by the garage punk band The Nomads in 1989. Styx also covered this song. Humble Pie's version became an FM radio hit and reached #73 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 singles chart. In 2007, John Mayer also covered the song in his live album, "Where the light is" in Los Angeles.

Document 9724962:
Katharine Graham
Katharine Meyer Graham (June 16, 1917 – July 17, 2001) was an American publisher. She led her family's newspaper, "The Washington Post", for more than two decades, overseeing its most famous period, the Watergate coverage that eventually led to the resignation of President Richard Nixon. Her memoir, "Personal History", won the Pulitzer Prize in 1998.

Document 6750174:
Museum of Science Fiction
The Museum of Science Fiction (MOSF) is a 501c(3) nonprofit museum to be based in Washington, D.C. It was founded in the spring of 2013 by Greg Viggiano and a team of 22 volunteer professionals with a goal of becoming the world's first comprehensive science fiction museum.

Document 4249147:
1985 French Open – Men's Singles
Ivan Lendl was the defending champion, but lost in the final to Mats Wilander 3–6, 6–4, 6–2, 6–2. It was Wilander's second French Open title of his career.

Document 1653342:
Abbottabad University of Science and Technology
The Abbottabad University of Science and Technology (also named "AUST"), is a public university located in Havelian (12 km from Abbottabad), Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. The University offers admissions in "Bachelors", "Masters", "MS/M. Phill" and "PHD" programs.

Document 6556834:
MCAT Pakistan
Medical & Dental College Admission Test (MDCAT) is a test conducted in Pakistan every year for Pre-medical students and is conducted by the University of Health Sciences (Lahore), Liaquat University of Medical and Health Sciences, Jinnah Sindh Medical University, Karachi Medical and Dental college, Peoples University of Medical and Health Sciences for Women and further five more (public) universities and 14 (private) universities in Sindh total registered public universities are 10 and private 14 in Sindh for more information regarding universities of Pakistan see the List of medical schools in Pakistan . Previously, its name was "'Medical College Admission Test (MCAT)'" and new name was assigned in 2017. MDCAT or MCAT is pre-requisite for admission in all Medical college both private sector or public. However, being selected in Public/Government college is more challenge able for students as many students apply for Public colleges as their first desire due to more facilities and highly developed education in Public/Government college.

Document 3604144:
Dydrogesterone
Dydrogesterone (INN, USAN, BAN) (brand name Duphaston), also known as isopregnenone or 6-dehydroretroprogesterone, as well as 9β,10α-pregna-4,6-diene-3,20-dione, is a steroidal progestin of the retroprogesterone group that was developed in the 1950s and introduced for clinical use in 1961. It is available widely throughout Europe, including the United Kingdom and many other European countries, and is also marketed in Australia, Hong Kong, and India. The drug was previously marketed in the United States as well, but is now no longer available in this country.

Document 7556440:
Every Little Thing (album)
Every Little Thing is the upcoming debut studio album by American country music artist Carly Pearce. It is set to be released on October 13, 2017.

Document 3778372:
Franklin Pitcher Johnson jr.
Franklin Pitcher Johnson jr., or Pitch Johnson, is a founder of multiple companies.

Document 8905560:
Ladies in Love
Ladies in Love (1936) is a romantic comedy film directed by Edward H. Griffith and starring Janet Gaynor, Constance Bennett and Loretta Young. The film revolves around three roommates (Gaynor, Bennett, and Young) in exotic Budapest and their comical romantic adventures. Gaynor, Bennett, and Young were billed above the title, with Gaynor receiving top billing. The movie also featured Simone Simon, Don Ameche, Paul Lukas, and Tyrone Power.

Document 2232154:
Kiernan Shipka
Kiernan Brennan Shipka (born November 10, 1999) is an American actress. She is known for playing Sally Draper on the AMC series "Mad Men."

Document 4263058:
Ice shanty
An ice shanty (also called an ice shack, ice house, fishing shanty, fish house, fish coop, bobhouse, ice hut, or darkhouse) is a portable shed placed on a frozen lake to provide shelter during ice fishing. They can be as small and cheap as a plastic tarp draped over a frame of two-by-fours, or as expensive as a small cabin with heat, bunks, electricity and cooking facilities.

Document 4751808:
2016–17 NIFL Premiership
The 2016–17 NIFL Premiership (known as the Danske Bank Premiership for sponsorship reasons) was the 116th season of the Irish League overall and the fourth as the Northern Ireland Football League.

Document 2333002:
Kimberly Goss
Kimberly Goss (born February 15, 1978) is a Korean-American singer and keyboardist, best known as frontwoman and co-founder of the Finnish metal band Sinergy.

Document 3485842:
1968 NBA Expansion Draft
The 1968 NBA Expansion Draft was the fourth expansion draft of the National Basketball Association (NBA). The draft was held on May 6, 1968, so that the newly founded Milwaukee Bucks and Phoenix Suns could acquire players for the upcoming 1968–69 season. Milwaukee and Phoenix had been awarded the expansion teams on January 22, 1968. In an NBA expansion draft, new NBA teams are allowed to acquire players from the previously established teams in the league. Not all players on a given team are available during an expansion draft, since each team can protect a certain number of players from being selected. In this draft, each of the twelve other NBA teams had protected seven players from their roster. After each round, where each the Suns and the Bucks had selected one player, the existing teams added another player to their protected list. The draft continued until both teams had selected eighteen unprotected players each, while the existing teams had lost three players each.

Document 7789891:
ABC 800
The Luxor ABC 800 series are office-versions of the ABC 80 home computer. They featured an enhanced BASIC interpreter, a slightly faster clocked CPU and more memory: 32 kilobytes RAM and 32 KB ROM was now standard, the Z80 is clocked at 3.58 MHz (using an NTSC color subcarrier crystal). It featured 40×24 text mode with eight colors (ABC 800 C) or 80×24 text mode monochrome (ABC 800 M). They could also be extended with "high" resolution graphics (240×240 pixels at 2 bpp) using 16 KB RAM as video memory.

Document 9252054:
USC School of Cinematic Arts
The USC School of Cinematic Arts (commonly referred to as SCA)—formerly the USC School of Cinema-Television, otherwise known as CNTV—is a private media school within the University of Southern California in Los Angeles, in the U.S. state of California. The school offers multiple undergraduate and graduate programs covering film production, screenwriting, cinema and media studies, animation and digital arts, media arts + practice, and interactive media & games. Additional programs include the Peter Stark Producing Program and the Business of Entertainment (offered in conjunction with the USC Marshall School of Business MBA Program).

Document 4519388:
Toonloop
Toonloop is a software application for live stop-motion animation. "Live" means that the animation is constantly playing while being edited. Toonloop allows to create stop-motion animation, pixilation, and other animation techniques and the result is constantly seen while the user is adding images to the animation. It is a project of Alexandre Quessy with help from Tristan Matthews.

Document 9328470:
The Belle Stars (album)
The Belle Stars is the only studio album by the all-female band of the same name released in 1983 (see 1983 in music). The band's eponymous debut album reached number 15 on the UK Albums Chart. The Belle Stars had some success with their single "Iko Iko", a cover of The Dixie Cups' 1965 hit. It charted at number 35 in June 1982 on the UK Singles Chart. Seven years later the song became a hit on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart after it was featured in the movie "Rain Man", where it peaked at number 14.

Document 2377323:
Liverpool Central railway station
Liverpool Central railway station in Liverpool, England, forms a central hub of the Merseyrail network, being on both the Northern Line and the Wirral Line. The station is located underground on two levels, below the site of a former mainline terminus. It is the busiest station in Liverpool, though considerably smaller than Lime Street station, the mainline terminus, and the busiest station to operate fully the Merseyrail network. In terms of passenger entries and exits between April 2010 and March 2011, Liverpool Central is the seventh-busiest station outside London. The station is the busiest underground station outside London serving 40,000 people daily. The station in passengers per platform is the busiest underground railway station in the United Kingdom at 5,217,547 per platform per annum and laying third in all stations, underground or overground.

Document 7708381:
Aaron Katz (filmmaker)
Aaron Katz (born October 29, 1981) is an award-winning independent American filmmaker from Portland, Oregon.

Document 6546545:
The Strange Case of Angelica
The Strange Case of Angelica (Portuguese: O Estranho Caso de Angélica ) is a 2010 Portuguese drama film directed by Manoel de Oliveira. It was entered into the Un Certain Regard section of the 2010 Cannes Film Festival. De Oliveira conceived the idea for the film in 1946 and initially wrote the script in 1952, updating it with modern elements.

Document 8250571:
Year Zero: The Silent Death of Cambodia
Year Zero: The Silent Death of Cambodia is a 1979 British television documentary written and presented by the Australian journalist John Pilger, which was produced and directed by David Munro.

Document 9638445:
Garden of Cultivation
The Garden of Cultivation (; Suzhou Wu: Nyi pu, ] ) located at No.5 Wenya Nong (文衙弄5号) in Suzhou city, of Jiangsu Province, China. It is one of the best preserved examples of a Ming Dynasty classical garden in Suzhou. It is part of the UNESCO World Heritage Site "Classical Gardens of Suzhou" on the World Heritage List. "Due to its special history, this Garden was virtually unknown before it was listed as a UN World Cultural Heritage site."

Document 3229746:
Renault Scénic
The Renault Scénic is a compact multi-purpose vehicle (MPV) produced by French automaker Renault, the first to be labelled as such in Europe. It is based on the chassis of the Mégane small family car. It became the 1997 European Car of the Year on its launch in November 1996. The second and third generations have a model called Grand Scénic, which has seven seats rather than five.

Document 3325590:
Patrycja Mikula
Patrycja Mikula (born May 28, 1983 in Rzeszów, Poland) also known as Patricia Mikula is a Polish model and "Playboy" Cybergirl. Patrycja was the Cybergirl for the week of April 2, 2007 – her first time posing for "Playboy"; the same pictures were also featured in the February 2007 issue under Potpourri. Mikula's other credits include: "Grappling" magazine, "MMA Sports" magazine March 2007, Hot Threads Catalog, as a model at World on Wheels Car Show, and as a special guest IFL (International Fight League) and IHC (Ironheart Crown) ring card girl. She has recently been featured in the Playboy article "How to Play Poker Like a Man". Furthermore, she has become the Cyber Girl of the Month for August 2007 and will be featured in the October issue of "Playboy".

Document 8790459:
Rrapo Hekali
Rrapo Hekali (?-1847) was an Albanian fighter born in Hekal, Mallakaster. He is famous for his role in Albanian revolt of 1847. After those events he was captured and prisoned by Ottoman forces. He died in the end of December 1847 in the Ottoman prison of Manastir.

Document 3479770:
Boston Sculptors Gallery
The Boston Sculptors Gallery is a cooperative sculpture gallery in Boston, Massachusetts. It exhibits contemporary sculpture by local artists. There are currently 34 exhibiting sculptors in the group. Each month, two of these artists hold concurrent solo shows in the gallery. The gallery is located at 486 Harrison Ave. in the SOWA (South of Washington) arts district of Boston. Boston Sculptors was founded in 1992. Jean Mineo has been the gallery administrator since 2006.

Document 3851025:
TWA Flight 800 conspiracy theories
TWA Flight 800 conspiracy theories suggest that the crash of Trans World Airlines Flight 800 (TWA 800) was due to causes other than those determined by the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB). The NTSB found the probable cause of the crash of TWA Flight 800 was an explosion of flammable fuel/air vapors in a fuel tank, most likely from a short-circuit. Conspiracy theories say the crash was due to a U.S. Navy missile test gone awry, a terrorist missile strike or an on-board bomb. On June 19, 2013, a documentary alleging that the investigation into the crash was a cover-up made news headlines with statements from six members of the original investigation team, now retired, who also filed a petition to reopen the probe.

Document 3741253:
Bachelor of Software Engineering
A Bachelor of Software Engineering (B.SE.) is an undergraduate academic degree (bachelor's degree) awarded for completing a program of study in the field of software development for computers in information technology.

Document 2974982:
Beaverbrook Art Gallery
The Beaverbrook Art Gallery is a public art gallery in Fredericton, New Brunswick, Canada. It is named after William Maxwell "Max" Aitken, Lord Beaverbrook, who funded the building of the gallery and assembled the original collection. It opened in 1959 with over 300 works, including paintings by J.M.W. Turner and Salvador Dalí. The Beaverbrook Art Gallery is New Brunswick's officially designated provincial art gallery. The building has undergone several expansions, the latest of which began in 2015 and is expected to be completed in 2017. Gallery director and CEO Terry Graff stated that this "expansion and revitalization" aimed to make the gallery "an important destination for national and international contemporary art".

Document 9537520:
Inverugie Castle
Inverugie Castle or Cheyne's Tower is the ruins of a motte-and-bailey castle in Aberdeenshire, Scotland.

Document 6753964:
Earthsuit
Earthsuit was a New Orleans-based Christian rock band formed in 1995. The band consisted of guitarist Dave Rumsey, keyboardist/vocalist Paul Meany, bassist Roy Mitchell, drummer David "Hutch" Hutchison, and vocalist Adam LaClave. Earthsuit's sound was primarily rock, but also possessed strong hip-hop, electronica, reggae, soul, and experimental elements.

Document 6599997:
Larry Flynt Publications
Larry Flynt Publications, or LFP, Inc., runs the adult entertainment empire founded by Larry Flynt. Founded in 1976, two years after Flynt began publishing "Hustler" magazine, LFP was originally to serve as the parent company of this magazine.

Document 7668769:
Blues in Orbit (Gil Evans album)
Blues in Orbit is an album by jazz composer, arranger, conductor and pianist Gil Evans, recorded in 1969 and 1971 by Evans with an orchestra featuring Jimmy Cleveland, Howard Johnson, Billy Harper, and Joe Beck. The album was originally released on the short-lived Ampex label as Gil Evans but received wider release on the Enja label under this title.

Document 8739107:
Calumet Heights, Chicago
Calumet Heights, located on the South Side of the city, is one of the 77 well defined community areas of Chicago, Illinois. Calumet Heights is bounded by 87th Street on the north, South Chicago Avenue on the east, and railroad lines on the west and south (along 95th Street). It includes the neighborhoods of Calumet Heights and Pill Hill. Beginning at about 91st Street and Constance Avenue is the geographical feature for which it was named, a stony hill that was once an island when glacial Lake Chicago covered the area thousands of years ago. Early pioneers gave this hill the name Stony Island because at a distance it looked like an island in set a trackless prairie sea. (See also the nearby Blue Island).

Document 5230911:
08/15 (1954 film)
08/15 is a 1954 West German film directed by Paul May and based on the novel "08/15" by Hans Hellmut Kirst who also served as the film's screenwriter. The term "08/15" (nill-eight/fifteen, German: "Null-Acht/Fünfzehn" ) refers to the German Army's standard machine gun, the 08/15 (or MG 08 model 15), by far, the most common German machine gun deployed in World War I. It was manufactured in such large quantities that it became the German Army slang for anything that was standard issue. 08/15 is also the first part of the 08/15 film trilogy, hence it is also named "Teil 1: In der Kaserne" ("Part 1: In the Barracks").

Document 8543241:
One More Lie (Standing in the Shadows)
"One More Lie (Standing in the Shadows)" is the lead single from Craig David's fifth studio album "Signed Sealed Delivered". The chorus samples The Four Tops single "Standing in the Shadows of Love". It was released in the UK on 22 March 2010 as a digital download single.

Document 1567676:
Piyer Loti Museum
Piyer Loti Museum is a museum in İstanbul, Turkey. "Piyer Loti" refers to Pierre Loti (1850-1923) , the French novelist who spent a part of his life in İstanbul.

Document 7557612:
The Devil's Circus
The Devil's Circus is a 1926 silent drama film directed by Danish director Benjamin Christensen, based upon his screenplay. The film stars Norma Shearer and Charles Emmett Mack. It was the first of seven films directed by Christensen in the United States, and one of only four of those films that have not been lost.

Document 8019182:
Johnson Manufacturing Company
The Johnson Manufacturing Company is a historic mill complex at 65 Brown Street in North Adams, Massachusetts. The site was used for the production of textiles from its initial construction in 1872 until 1937, when it was sold to the Sprague Electric Company. The Johnson Company was founded in 1850 by Sylvander Johnson, Nathaniel Hathaway, and Peter Blackinton. They purchased an existing mill building, producing textiles until 1871, when, after achieving record profits, they decided to expand the business. They retained architect Marcus F. Cummings, who designed the Italianate style buildings, built in 1872, that now stand on the site. In addition to the main mill building, the complex includes an office building built in 1880. The complex was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

Document 3548252:
Baron Bonville
The title of Baron Bonville was created once in the Peerage of England. On 23 September 1449, William Bonville was summoned to Parliament. On his death in 1461, the barony was inherited by his great-granddaughter Cecily Bonville, who two months before succeeded as Baroness Harington, with which title the barony merged until 1554, when both baronies were forfeited. From her death in 1529 to the forfeiture in 1554, the baronies were merged with the title of Marquess of Dorset.

Document 5361777:
David Chang
David Chang (Korean: "Chang Seok-ho" 장석호 ; born August 5, 1977) is an American restaurateur, author, and television personality. He is the founder of the Momofuku restaurant group, which includes Momofuku Noodle Bar, Momofuku Ssäm Bar, Má Pêche, Milk Bar and Momofuku Ko in New York City, Momofuku Seiōbo in Sydney, Australia, the Momofuku Toronto restaurants Momofuku Noodle Bar (TO), Nikai, Daishō and Shōtō, and Momofuku CCDC in Washington, DC. In 2009 Momofuku Ko was awarded 2 Michelin stars, which it has retained each year since.

Document 3082677:
Kansas City metropolitan area
The Kansas City metropolitan area is a 15-county metropolitan area anchored by Kansas City, Missouri, that straddles the border between the U.S. states of Missouri and Kansas. With a population of about 2,340,000, it ranks as the second largest metropolitan area with its core in Missouri (after Greater St. Louis). Alongside Kansas City, the area includes a number of other cities and suburbs, the largest being Overland Park, Kansas; Kansas City, Kansas; Olathe, Kansas; and Independence, Missouri; each over 100,000 in population. The Mid-America Regional Council (MARC) serves as the Council of Governments and the Metropolitan Planning Organization for the area.

Document 2089554:
Lechmere
Lechmere ( ; sometimes described as Lechmere's) was a New England retail store that closed in 1997. It had 24 stores located throughout New England and New York, offering electronics and appliances.

Document 1954674:
Hainan Middle School
Hainan Middle School ( or simply 海中, Pinyin: hainan zhōngxué), also known as Hainan Middle/High School, is a coeducational public middle school in Haikou, Hainan, China for both boarding and day students in grades 7 to 12 (ages 12 to 18). The school is located directly beside and to the east of Hainan Normal University in Qiongshan District.

Document 9310722:
Beat 'Em &amp; Eat 'Em
Beat 'Em and Eat 'Em is an erotic pornographic video game for the Atari 2600 by Mystique in 1982. Distribution was handled by American Multiple Industries until distribution changed to Game Source. Players control two nude women; the goal is to catch sperm falling from a masturbating man on a rooftop without missing. Its gameplay has been compared to the Atari game "Kaboom!". There is also a gender-reversed version of the game titled Philly Flasher that features identical gameplay. "Beat 'Em & Eat 'Em" has received negative reception since its release and is an oft-cited example of pornographic Atari 2600 games.

Document 6484609:
Renan Ozturk
Renan Ozturk (born April 7, 1980) is a German-born, American rock climber, free soloist, mountaineer, and visual artist, best known for his first ascent of the Shark's Fin route on Meru Peak in the Himalaya with Jimmy Chin and Conrad Anker in 2011. The successful 2011 ascent of the Shark's Fin on Meru and a prior attempt in 2008 were detailed in the 2015 documentary film "Meru"

Document 8856881:
List of Lady Jewelpet episodes
Lady Jewelpet (レディ ジュエルペット , Redi Juerupetto ) is the sixth installment of the Jewelpet anime franchise created by Sanrio and Sega and animated by both Zexcs and Studio Comet. It was first announced by Sanrio on their official Twitter page to coincide with the anime franchise's 5th anniversary. The series aired on April 5, 2014 on TV Tokyo and TV Osaka and is directed by Itsuro Kawasaki and written by Natsuko Takahashi. It is the first "Jewelpet" installment to be officially handled by Zexcs who co-produced the "Jewelpet Twinkle" Fan Discs and the OVA episode.

Document 2111125:
Icon (Limp Bizkit album)
Icon is the fourth compilation album by American rock band Limp Bizkit. Released in 2011, it is a retrospective compiling material from the band's albums "Three Dollar Bill, Yall$", "Significant Other", "Chocolate Starfish and the Hot Dog Flavored Water", "Results May Vary" and "The Unquestionable Truth (Part 1)".

Document 3979181:
Komiks Presents: Flash Bomba
Flash Bomba is a superhero television series by ABS-CBN based on Mars Ravelo's Pinoy Superheroes. Dubbed as the “Superhero for All Seasons”, Flash Bomba stars Luis Manzano and his alter-ego is Roldan Legazpi/Flash Bomba, a man who overcomes a physical disability resulting from a hunting trip accident and becomes a crime fighter. The Ravelos commissioned Reno Maniquis some years back to re-design Flash Bomba's costume for modern times and he also did the logo design for Flash Bomba.

Document 6081991:
Morning Sun (song)
"Morning Sun" is the third official single from British singer-songwriter Robbie Williams' eighth studio album, "Reality Killed the Video Star". It was released on 8 March 2010, and it is the official charity single for Sport Relief 2010. Written around the time of pop star Michael Jackson's death, the song was originally meant to be a tribute to the late star. However, Williams' later commented that it was more about himself.

Document 2292642:
University of Kansas
The University of Kansas, often referred to as KU or Kansas, is a public research university in the U.S. state of Kansas. The main campus in Lawrence, one of the largest college towns in Kansas, is on Mount Oread, the highest elevation in Lawrence. Two branch campuses are in the Kansas City metropolitan area: the Edwards Campus in Overland Park, and the university's medical school and hospital in Kansas City. There are also educational and research sites in Parsons, Topeka, Garden City, Hays, and Leavenworth, and branches of the medical school in Wichita and Salina. The university is one of the 62 members of the Association of American Universities.

Document 8034544:
Bravebird
Bravebird is the second studio album by American R&B-soul singer-songwriter Amel Larrieux, released in the United States on January 20, 2004 by her independent label Blisslife Records. The album features the single "For Real", which reached number forty-five on "Billboard"' s Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, becoming Larrieux's second highest-charting solo single on the chart after 1999's "Get Up".

Document 5868635:
Tore Stjerna
Tore Gunnar Stjerna (a.k.a. Necromorbus) has played guitar and drums in the following bands; Watain, Chaos Omen, Corpus Christii, Funeral Mist, Ofermod, Zavorash, Desolation, In Aeternum. He is also a producer who owns Necromorbus Studio.

Document 3754468:
John I of Montfort
Jean I de Montfort (?–1249, Cyprus), Comte de Montfort from 1241 to 1249, son of Amaury VI, comte de Montfort, and of Béatrice de Bourgogne.

Document 2654187:
Robert Hardy (American football)
Robert Emmitt Hardy (born July 3, 1956 in Tulsa, Oklahoma) is a former American football defensive tackle in the National Football League. He was drafted by the Seattle Seahawks in the 10th round of the 1979 NFL Draft. He played college football at Jackson State.

Document 4533549:
Bicarpellatae
Bicarpellatae is an artificial group used in the identification of plants based on Bentham and Hooker's classification system. George Bentham and Joseph Dalton Hooker published an excellent classification in three volumes in between 1862 and 1883. As a natural system of classification, it does not show evolutionary relationship between plants but still is a useful and popular system of classification based on a dichotomous key especially for the flowering plant groups (angiosperms). It is the most popular system of classification based on key characteristics enabling taxonomic students to quickly identify plant groups based only on physical characteristics. However, it is not a scientific group and is used for identification purposes only based on similar plant characteristics. Under the system Bicarpellatae are a group of plants based on an artificial and non scientific series. The group Bicarpellatea are Gamopetalae and dicotyledons. The group comprises;

Document 5587663:
Cooperative Alliance for Seacoast Transportation
The Cooperative Alliance for Seacoast Transportation (COAST) is the primary provider of mass transportation for the Seacoast region of New Hampshire, as well as parts of southern Maine. COAST is a non-profit agency founded in 1981 to provide public transportation options in southeastern New Hampshire. First established solely as a private contractor to previously existing bus lines, COAST now runs its own set of public transit routes and transports almost 500,000 passengers per year.

Document 5772192:
Jim Long (baseball)
James M. Long (born November 15, 1862 in Louisville, Kentucky – December 12, 1932 in Louisville, Kentucky), was an American baseball player who played outfielder in the Major Leagues from 1891 to 1893. He played for the Baltimore Orioles and Louisville Colonels.

Document 1203251:
Jersey City A's
The Jersey City A's were a minor league baseball team based in Jersey City, New Jersey which played in the Eastern League for the 1978 season and was the AA affiliate of the Oakland Athletics. The team changed their name from the Jersey City Indians after being affiliated with the Cleveland Indians the previous year. After the team's home, Roosevelt Stadium, suffered damage in a winter storm (two light stanchions were toppled and not repaired), the team moved to Waterbury, Connecticut for the 1979 season and became the Waterbury A's. This marked the end of professional baseball in Jersey City, with the stadium being torn down in 1984 for residential development. One notable player on the 1978 A's team was a young Rickey Henderson, who reportedly called the stadium "a dump" and thought that "it should have been blown up" (it would indeed be demolished a few years later). The team's franchise was acquired in 1979 and used to revive the Buffalo Bisons, a team from the early days of baseball had sat dormant for the previous nine years.

Document 8632836:
This Is Medicine
This Is Medicine is the only studio album by American hardcore band Reversal Of Man, released on August 9, 1999 through Ebullition Records. Jeremy Bolm of Touché Amoré named the album as one of his favorites.

Document 1142436:
Sun-Maid
Sun-Maid Growers of California is a privately owned American cooperative of raisin growers headquartered in Kingsburg, California. Sun-Maid is the largest raisin and dried fruit processor in the world. As a cooperative, Sun-Maid is made up of approximately 850 family farmers who grow raisin grapes within 100 mi radius of the processing plant. Sun-Maid also sources dried fruit beyond this geographical area. In 2012, Sun-Maid celebrated its 100th anniversary as a grower cooperative.

Document 5068377:
John Franklin (actor)
John Franklin (born John Paul Salapatek; June 16, 1959) is an American actor best known for playing Isaac Chroner in "Children of the Corn" (1984), and Cousin Itt in "The Addams Family" (1991).

Document 6681731:
Donato de' Bardi
Donato Conte de' Bardi (Active 1426– died 1450/1451) was an Italian painter of the Quattrocento period. He was born in Pavia. He is cited as a painter in Genoa in 1426. In 1433, he painted an altarpiece of the "Crucifixion with the Magdalen and Saints" for the Cathedral. Another "Crucifixion with Saints" was painted for the Ospedale di San Paolo in Savona. A Maesta was completed after his death by Giovanni Giorgio in 1451. His work shows some Flemish influences. His brother Boniforte was also a painter.

Document 6656938:
Makoto Koshinaka
Makoto Koshinaka (越中睦 / 越中睦士 or Makoto, born July 15, 1980 in Moto Azabu, Tokyo) is a Japanese singer, songwriter, actor and model, activating both in Japan and in Thailand, starting with the year 1999. His musical career covers various musical styles (from pop rock, folk rock, solo – as Makoto, and with the visual kei bands Λucifer and †яi￠к, under the agencies Unlimited Records, BM Factory, Crown Records, T.N.B and, currently, SCSC Records) and his acting career covers roles in stage plays, TV dramas and feature movies.

Document 2806478:
Boscoe Holder
Boscoe Holder (16 July 1921 – 21 April 2007), born Arthur Aldwyn Holder in Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago, was Trinidad and Tobago's leading contemporary painter, who also had a celebrated international career spanning six decades as a designer and visual artist, dancer, choreographer and musician. In 1948 he married the dancer Sheila Davis Clarke, daughter of radio personality Kathleen Davis (a.k.a. "Aunty Kay"), and their son Christian was born the following year. Christian Holder eventually became a leading dancer with the Joffrey Ballet and an artist in his own right. Living in London, England, during the 1950s and 1960s, Boscoe Holder has been credited with introducing limbo dancing and steel-pan playing to Britain, performing on British television and radio, in variety and nightclubs, in films, and at well-known theatres in the West End. His company also danced for Queen Elizabeth II at her coronation in 1953, and, in two years later, at Windsor Castle.

Document 7090010:
The Iron Mask
The Iron Mask is a 1929 American part-talkie adventure film directed by Allan Dwan. It is an adaptation of the last section of the novel "The Vicomte de Bragelonne" by Alexandre Dumas, père, which is itself based on the French legend of the Man in the Iron Mask.

Document 1124800:
1981 Can-Am season
The 1981 Can Am series season was the fourteenth running of the Sports Car Club of America's prototype-based series, and the fifth running of the revived series. Geoff Brabham was declared champion, despite only winning two races. Chevrolet again dominated the season. The dominant chassis manufacturers were March, Lola, Holbert, Frissbee, and VDS. IndyCar drivers Al Unser and Bobby Rahal also podiumed at Road America and Mosport, respectively.

Document 8760085:
University of the Incarnate Word
The University of the Incarnate Word (UIW) is a private Catholic university whose main campus is located in San Antonio and Alamo Heights, Texas, United States. Founded in 1881 by the Sisters of Charity of the Incarnate Word, the university's main campus is located on 154 acre .

Document 3354531:
Josiah Willard Gibbs
Josiah Willard Gibbs (February 11, 1839 – April 28, 1903) was an American scientist who made important theoretical contributions to physics, chemistry, and mathematics. His work on the applications of thermodynamics was instrumental in transforming physical chemistry into a rigorous inductive science. Together with James Clerk Maxwell and Ludwig Boltzmann, he created statistical mechanics (a term that he coined), explaining the laws of thermodynamics as consequences of the statistical properties of ensembles of the possible states of a physical system composed of many particles. Gibbs also worked on the application of Maxwell's equations to problems in physical optics. As a mathematician, he invented modern vector calculus (independently of the British scientist Oliver Heaviside, who carried out similar work during the same period).

Document 1617362:
Ed Derwinski
Edward Joseph "Ed" Derwinski (September 15, 1926 – January 15, 2012) was an American politician who served as the first Cabinet-level United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs, serving under President George H. W. Bush from March 15, 1989 to September 26, 1992. He previously served as a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1959 to 1983, representing south and southwest suburbs of Chicago.

Document 7052003:
Menhet, Menwi and Merti
Menhet, Menwi and Merti were three minor foreign-born wives of pharaoh Thutmose III who were buried in a lavishly furnished rock-cut tomb in Wady Gabbanat el-Qurud. Two of their names are West-Semitic in origin though none are Hurrian. Each were given the title of King's Wife, and were likely only minor members of the royal harem. It is not known if the women were even related since the faces on the lids of their canopic jars are all different.

Document 8938544:
Precision Castparts Corp.
Precision Castparts Corp. is an American industrial goods and metal fabrication company that manufactures investment castings, forged components, and airfoil castings for use in the aerospace, industrial gas turbine, and defense industries. In 2009 it ranked 362nd on the Fortune 500 list, and 11th in the aerospace and defense industry. In 2015 it ranked 322nd overall and 9th in the aerospace and defense industry. In 2014 it ranked 133rd on the S&P 500 based on market capitalization. In January 2016, the company became a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway. Before that event, it used to be one of the three Fortune 500 companies headquartered in Oregon.

Document 9072754:
Dark Matter (TV series)
Dark Matter is a Canadian science fiction series created by Joseph Mallozzi and Paul Mullie, based on their comic book of the same name and developed by Prodigy Pictures in association with Space channel. An order for 13 episodes was placed for the first season of the series, which premiered on June 12, 2015 on both Space and Syfy.

Document 6993668:
The Best Science Fiction Stories: 1954
The Best Science Fiction Stories: 1954 is a 1954 anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Everett F. Bleiler and T. E. Dikty. An abridged edition was published in the UK by Grayson in 1956 under the title "The Best Science Fiction Stories: Fifth Series". The stories had originally appeared in 1953 in the magazines "Avon Science Fiction and Fantasy Reader", "Fantasy and Science Fiction", "Amazing Stories", "Fantastic", "Astounding" and "Galaxy Science Fiction".

Document 9486648:
Mr World Mexico
Mr World Mexico refers to the pageant title given to the Mexican men chosen to represent Mexico at the international male beauty pageant Mister World. The nation has taken part in every edition of Mister World ever since its establishment in 1996, debut year in which Mexico's Gabriel Soto placed second (first runner-up) — the highest placement achieved by a Mexican contestant in that event to this day.

Document 8591832:
Supreme Court Case Selections Act
The Supreme Court Case Selections Act of 1988 (Pub.L. 100–352 , 102 Stat. 662 , enacted  27, 1988 , codified at ) is an act of Congress that eliminated appeals as of right from state court decisions to the Supreme Court of the United States. After the Act took effect, in most cases, the only avenue by which a litigant could obtain review of most lower court decisions was through the writ of certiorari, which was granted at the discretion of the Supreme Court, rather than available to the litigant as a matter of right.

Document 5513811:
Kansas City jazz
Kansas City jazz is a style of jazz that developed in Kansas City, Kansas and Kansas City, Missouri and the surrounding Kansas City Metropolitan Area during the 1930s and marked the transition from the structured big band style to the musical improvisation style of Bebop. The hard-swinging, bluesy transition style is bracketed by Count Basie who in 1929 signed with the Bennie Moten's Kansas City Orchestra and Kansas City native Charlie Parker who was to usher in the Bebop style in the 1940s. According to a Kansas City website, "While New Orleans was the birthplace of jazz, America's music grew up in Kansas City". Kansas City is known as one of the most popular "cradles of jazz". Other cities include New Orleans, Chicago, St. Louis, Pittsburgh, Philadelphia, and New York City.

Document 2983509:
Carlos Singleton
Carlos Patrick Singleton (born February 15, 1987) is an American football wide receiver who is currently a free agent. He played as a wide receiver for the University of Memphis. He was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Cincinnati Bengals in 2010.

Document 4384186:
Riserva Naturale Pian di Spagna e Lago di Mezzola
The Riserva Naturale Pian di Spagna e Lago di Mezzola is a nature reserve in Lombardy, Italy. The reserve consists of the Lago di Mezzola and the wetland area which separates it from Lake Como, the Pian di Spagna. It includes parts of the comuni of Sorico and Gera Lario in the province of Como, and of the comuni of Dubino, Verceia and Novate Mezzola in the province of Sondrio. It was established by Deliberazione del Consiglio Regionale III/1913, dated 6 February 1985, and has the EUAP reference code EUAP0326.

Document 3771957:
1998 Swedish Rally
The 47th International Swedish Rally was held between 6-8 February 1998.

Document 4541028:
Martin Marietta Materials
Martin Marietta (), an American-based company and a member of the S&P 500 Index, is a leading supplier of aggregates and heavy building materials, with operations spanning 26 states, Canada and the Caribbean. In particular, Martin Marietta supplies the resources for roads, sidewalks and foundations.

Document 2563910:
204th Brigade Support Battalion (United States)
The mission of the 204th Brigade Support Battalion, "Rough Riders," is to, on order, deploy and execute responsive Combat Service Support and Combat Health Support in support of the 2nd Brigade Combat Team, 4th Infantry Division's objectives. ("Rough Riders") was originally constituted as the 5th Sanitary Trains on 10 November 1917 at Camp Logan, Texas. During World War I, the unit fought in numerous battles and campaigns including the Battle of Saint-Mihiel, Meuse-Argonne Offensive, and the Battle of Champagne, at Lorraine. After the First World War, the unit was reorganized and re-designated on 29 January 1921 as the 5th Medical Regiment. The 5th Medical Regiment was inactivated in August 1921 at Camp Jackson, South Carolina.

Document 9906505:
Birds' Paradise
Birds' Paradise is located in Tianma Village, Xinhui District, Jiangmen, Guangdong Province, China. It is a unique tourist attraction which is known for its beautiful natural environment and rich bird life. The main body of Birds' Paradise is a small island with a thick banyan tree forest on it. In 1933, Ba Jin(巴金)happened to take a trip here, and was deeply impressed by its wonderful views, so he wrote a famous article, "Birds' Heaven" to in memory of this special experience. In 1984, Ba Jin（巴金）inscribed the words 小鸟天堂, and since then, this place was named after Birds' Paradise(小鸟天堂). In 2016, the local government decided to make Birds' Paradise as a national wetland park.

Document 3610506:
Georgiana Cavendish, Duchess of Devonshire
Georgiana Cavendish, Duchess of Devonshire ("née" Spencer; ; 7 June 1757 – 30 March 1806) was an English socialite, style icon, author, and activist. Of noble birth from the House of Spencer, married into the House of Cavendish, she was the first wife of William Cavendish, 5th Duke of Devonshire, and the mother of the 6th Duke of Devonshire.

Document 4086368:
Kondura
Kondura / Anugraham is a 1978 Indian bilingual film simultaneously directed by Shyam Benegal in Hindi and Telugu. The film is based on the novel by Marathi writer, Chintamani T. Khanolkar [चिं. त्र्यं. खानोलकर] by the same name, the screen adaptation was made by Shyam Benegal and Girish Karnad. The majority of the cast was common to both films and included Ananth Nag, Vanisri, Amrish Puri, Shekhar Chatterjee (Hindi version only), Rao Gopal Rao (Telugu version only) and Satyadev Dubey. The film was one of the Indian entries at the 4th Hong Kong International Film Festival.

Document 5280671:
Brandon Sanderson bibliography
This is the bibliography of American fantasy and science fiction writer Brandon Sanderson.

Document 3477658:
Kansas gubernatorial election, 1994
The Kansas gubernatorial election of 1994 included Republican Bill Graves who won the open seat vacated by the pending retirement of Governor Joan Finney. He defeated Jim Slattery.
