Below are some documents. I will give you a text at the end. Please find the document index of the text. Only give me the index without any document contents.

Document 2301045:
Artemis
Artemis ( ; Greek: Ἄρτεμις "Artemis", ) was one of the most widely venerated of the Ancient Greek deities. Her Roman equivalent is Diana. Some scholars believe that the name, and indeed the goddess herself, was originally pre-Greek. Homer refers to her as "Artemis Agrotera, Potnia Theron": "Artemis of the wildland, Mistress of Animals". The Arcadians believed she was the daughter of Demeter.

Document 6570713:
Gatsby (sandwich)
A Gatsby is a South African submarine sandwich typically sold as a foot-long sandwich sliced into four portions. It is a popular sandwich in the Western Cape province, with many fast food and takeaway restaurants, stores and food stands purveying them. One large sandwich may be shared among several people. The Gatsby is also sometimes mistakenly referred to by the nickname AK47, which is a variant of the sandwich made in Johannesburg, in part due to how it can be held in one's arm in a similar manner to the firearm. It has been described as a "filling, budget meal", a standard menu item in Cape Town corner stores, and as a significant part of the heritage and a cultural symbol of Cape Flats, where it originated from.

Document 7695802:
Colossus (Walt Mink album)
Colossus is the fourth and final studio album by the American alternative rock band Walt Mink, released in June 1997.

Document 6550325:
No Excuses
"No Excuses" is the lead single from American rock band Alice in Chains's third EP, "Jar of Flies" (1994). The song was included on the compilation albums "" (1999), "Music Bank" (1999), "Greatest Hits" (2001), and "The Essential Alice in Chains" (2006). The song was well received by music critics and was a charting success, reached No. 1 on Billboard's Mainstream Rock Tracks, and stayed in the chart for 26 weeks. It has gone on to become one of the band's most popular and well-known songs.

Document 2893169:
Tracy Beaker: The Movie of Me
Tracy Beaker: The Movie of Me is a 2004 feature length film. It is the only Tracy Beaker episode television movie and aired on the BBC.

Document 3806405:
Family Way
Family Way (Dutch: "Alles is familie" ; literally: "Everything is Family") is a 2012 Dutch comedy film directed by Joram Lürsen. It is a sequel to Alles is Liefde (English literally: Everything is Love).

Document 4956910:
Albu baronets
The Albu Baronetcy, of Grosvenor Place in the City of Westminster, and Johannesburg in the Province of Transvaal in the Union of South Africa, is a title in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom. It was created on 12 February 1912 for the South African mining magnate George Albu. He was the founder of the General Mining and Finance Corporation alongside his brother Leopold Albu. s of 2017 the title is held by the first Baronet's grandson, the third Baronet, who succeeded his father in 1963.

Document 1171259:
2013–14 FC Bayern Munich season
The 2013–14 FC Bayern Munich season is the 115th season in the club's history and the 49th consecutive season in the top flight of German football, the Bundesliga, since their promotion from the Regionalliga Süd in 1965. Bayern will also participate in this season's editions of the DFB-Pokal, DFL-Supercup, UEFA Champions League, UEFA Super Cup, and FIFA Club World Cup.

Document 3214914:
2012 Libertarian National Convention
The 2012 United States Libertarian National Convention, in which delegates of the Libertarian Party (LP) chose the party's nominees for President of the United States and Vice President of the United States in the 2012 general election, was held May 2–6, 2012 in Las Vegas, Nevada at the Red Rock Resort Spa and Casino. Former Governor of New Mexico Gary Johnson won the presidential nomination on the first ballot. Retired California state court judge Jim Gray won the vice-presidential nomination, also on the first ballot. The convention also chose to replace most of the Libertarian National Committee party officers and members-at-large.

Document 5814049:
Virgil Ballard
Virgil Ballard was the fifth head coach of the Texas Tech Red Raiders basketball team during the Matador's 1934–35 season. He garnered a 15–9 record, including the team's 100th win, a one-point victory over House of David. Ballard also served as an assistant football coach under Texas Tech head coach Pete Cawthon during the Matador's 1934 season.

Document 8363632:
Matupi
Matupi (Batupuei) is the second capital city, one of the townships of Chin State of West Myanmar, south-east Asia. There are four Chin major tribes living in the Matupi township such as Matu, Mara, Zotung, Lautu and Khumi. Matupi, formerly known as Batupuei or Batu Village before it was promoted to the status of township, occupies a large portion of land and includes over 100 major villages in the southern part of Chin State. According to some local experts from Ngala tribe, the name "Matupi" is derived from "Batupuei" (Badupi); however, due to misreading of the spellings: "Ba" into "Ma" and "Puei" into "Pi" in Burmese characters, but this theory is keep in discussion. Matupi appeared to be the widely used name without any historical significance in its terminology. The Matupi (Chin) tribe is one of the biggest tribes among the Kuki-Chin-Mizo. From the very beginning all the Chins including Kuki, Mizo, Zomi, Naga, Laimi, and Asho, Kcho and Khumi had lived on hillsides or riverbanks, constituting villages or groups. Among the villages, Matupi (formerly known as Batu Village) was the biggest and most populous. The "British Gazette" mentioned that there were over 1,000 houses including paddy barns in the village Batupuei in the period between 1900 and 1930. Hakha book recorded that during those days “Matupi” was the biggest and most populous village in the Chin Hills.

Document 3970963:
Bol (film)
Bol (lit. "Speak" or "word(s)") is a 2011 Pakistani Urdu language social drama film written, directed and produced by Shoaib Mansoor. The film stars Humaima Malik, Atif Aslam, Mahira Khan, Iman Ali, Shafqat Cheema, Amr Kashmiri, Manzar Sehbai and Zaib Rehman in the lead roles. It concerns a religious Muslim family facing financial difficulties caused by too many children and changing times, with a major plot involving the father's desire to have a son and his rejection of his existing transgender male-assigned-at-birth daughter. "Bol" was a critical and commercial success, and became one of the highest-grossing Pakistani films of all time.

Document 7155434:
Richmond Boakye
Richmond Yiadom Boakye (" </small> ; born 28 January 1993) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who plays as a striker for SuperLiga team Red Star Belgrade and the Ghana national football team.

Document 6778649:
Discovery Channel
Discovery Channel (formerly The Discovery Channel from 1985 to 1995, and often referred to as simply Discovery) is an American basic cable and satellite television channel (which is also delivered via IPTV, terrestrial television and internet television in other parts of the world) that is the flagship television property of Discovery Communications, a publicly traded company run by CEO David Zaslav. s of 2012 , Discovery Channel is the third most widely distributed cable channel in the United States, behind TBS and The Weather Channel; it is available in 409 million households worldwide, through its U.S. flagship channel and its various owned or licensed television channels internationally.

Document 5628929:
20 Years of Weird: Flaming Lips 1986–2006
20 Years of Weird: Flaming Lips 1986–2006 is an updated version of the free compilation CD given away at the SXSW Film premier of The Flaming Lips documentary "The Fearless Freaks", a film by Bradley Beesley. It is a predominantly live compilation, recorded throughout the career of the Flaming Lips (between 1986 and 2003), though the first three tracks are recorded in the studio. These are: the introduction by Wayne Coyne, "Free Radicals" from the current album "At War with the Mystics" and "Enthusiasm for Life Defeats Existential Fear", a previously unavailable track.

Document 7118155:
Charlotte d'Amboise
Charlotte d'Amboise (born May 11, 1964) is an American actress and dancer. She has played starring roles in musical theatre, and has been nominated for two Tony Awards and won the Los Angeles Ovation Awards for Best Leading Actress in a Musical for "Chicago". She has also appeared in films.

Document 3640954:
The Good Guys (2010 TV series)
The Good Guys is an American action-comedy series about an old-school cop and a modern-day detective that premiered with a preview episode on Fox on May 19, 2010, and began airing regularly on June 7 of that year. The series stars Bradley Whitford as Dan Stark, a mustachioed, former big-shot detective with the Dallas Police Department, and Colin Hanks as Jack Bailey, a young, ambitious, by-the-book detective who has been assigned as Dan's partner because of his snarky attitude.

Document 8398337:
Gianni Coscia
Gianni Coscia is an Italian jazz accordionist. Originally a lawyer, Coscia began focusing full-time on jazz music. Expresses an interest in developing "the remote values of cultural and popular tradition through the language of jazz." Has toured widely on the international jazz circuit. Of interest: the liner notes to his first CD were written by his former classmate Umberto Eco and he collaborated with Luciano Berio in the writing of the music of a stage show against antisemitism. Since 1995 he collaboretes with wood-player Gianluigi Trovesi mainly on the label ECM Records and since 2006 he has been a member of the Council of the Chigiana Music Academy in Siena.

Document 1582747:
Euan Geddes, 3rd Baron Geddes
Euan Michael Ross Geddes, 3rd Baron Geddes (born 3 September 1937) is a British Conservative peer and politician and current deputy speaker of the House of Lords.

Document 5726703:
National Archives of Trinidad and Tobago
The National Archives of Trinidad and Tobago is the repository for permanent records and archives of the Government as well as historical records of national significance. The beginnings of the National Archives can be traced back to the aftermath of the disastrous fire of 1903 at the Red House, Port of Spain. This fire destroyed almost all the records in the Colony. Subsequently, provision was made in the construction of new Government buildings for fireproof strong vaults for the storage of records. Despite the provision of vaults, there was no policy or procedure for the acquisition and preservation of historical records.

Document 7343802:
Game client
A Game client is a network client that connects an individual user to the main game server, used mainly in multiplayer video games. It collects data such as score, player status, position and movement from a single player and send it to the game server, which allows the server to collect each individual's data and show every player in game, whether it is an arena game on a smaller scale or a massive game with thousands of players on the same map. Even though the game server displays each player's information for every player in a game, players still have their own unique perspective from the information collected by the game client, so that every player's perspective of the game is different, even though the world for every player is the same. The game client also allows the information sharing among users. An example would be item exchange in many MMORPG games where a player exchange an item he/she doesn't want for an item he/she wants, the game clients interconnect with each other and allows the sharing of information, in this exchanging items. Since many games requires a centralized space for players to gather and a way for users to exchange their information, many game clients are a hybrid of client-server and peer-to-peer application structures.

Document 8043067:
Književni jug
Književni jug ("Literary south" in Serbo-Croatian) was a literary magazine published in 1918 and 1919 in Zagreb. In the spirit of idea of integral Yugoslavism involved authors sought to prepare the ground for future Yugoslav literature. From January to July 1918, its editors were Ivo Andrić, Niko Bartulović, Vladimir Ćorović and Branko Mašić. It was one of the most influential pro-Yugoslav jurnals in that time. Journal published Serbo-Croatian works in both Serbian Cyrillic alphabet and Gaj's Latin alphabet, as well as untranslated works in Slovenian language. In July 1918, Anton Novačan and Miloš Crnjanski joined journal, while Ćorović left it. Prominent authors whose works are published in "Književni jug" include Tin Ujević, Miroslav Krleža, Antun Barac, Vladimir Nazor, Isidora Sekulić, Sima Pandurović, Aleksa Šantić, Borivoje Jevtić, Ivo Vojnović, Dragutin Domjanić, Dinko Šimunović, Gustav Krklec, Ivan Cankar, Fran Albreht, and Ksaver Meško.

Document 9635016:
Jerry Haynes
Jerome Martin "Jerry" Haynes (January 31, 1927 – September 26, 2011) was an American actor from Dallas, Texas. He is most well known as Mr. Peppermint, a role he played for 30 years as the host of one of the longest-running local children's shows in television, the Dallas-based "Mr. Peppermint" (1961–1969), which was retitled "Peppermint Place" for its second run (1975–1996). He also had a long career in local and regional theater and appeared in more than 50 films. A 1944 graduate of Dallas' Woodrow Wilson High School, he was the father of musician Gibby Haynes, lead singer of the group Butthole Surfers.

Document 2598011:
Carl B. Stokes United States Courthouse
The Carl B. Stokes Federal Court House Building is a skyscraper located in downtown Cleveland, Ohio. It is also known as the Carl B. Stokes Federal Court House Tower, Federal Court House Tower, and the Stokes Tower. The 23-story building is 430 ft tall and is located at the corner of Huron Road and Superior Avenue. It is currently the fourth tallest United States courthouse in the country.

Document 1937461:
List of companies of Ethiopia
Ethiopia is a country located in the Horn of Africa. It shares borders with Eritrea to the north and northeast, Djibouti and Somalia to the east, Sudan and South Sudan to the west, and Kenya to the south. With nearly 100 million inhabitants, Ethiopia is the most populous landlocked country in the world, as well as the second-most populous nation on the African continent after Nigeria. It occupies a total area of 1,100,000 km2 , and its capital and largest city is Addis Ababa.

Document 6068179:
Dave rule
The Dave rule is an inside joke in Silicon Valley startup culture that posits that if a work team includes as many women as it does people named Dave, it has achieved acceptable gender balance. The joke is a reference to Silicon Valley's famous gender gap.

Document 2732002:
2001 JDL plot in California
In late 2001, the Jewish Defense League plotted to bomb the King Fahd mosque in Culver City, California, along with the office of California Republican Congressman Darrell Issa.

Document 3538486:
Texas Tech University System
The Texas Tech University System is a state university system in Texas consisting of four separate universities in the state of Texas, of which two are academic institutions: Angelo State University and Texas Tech University, and two are health institutions: Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center, and Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center at El Paso. The System is headquartered in the Administration Building on the Texas Tech University campus in Lubbock, Texas.

Document 2411176:
It's the Same World
It's the Same World is a 1980 American short documentary film produced by Dick Young. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

Document 4344845:
Phaius
Phaius is a genus of large, mostly terrestrial orchids (family Orchidaceae). The genus has about 43 species. These species are found in the tropical parts of the Old World: Africa (including Gabon, Congo, Uganda, Tanzania, etc.), Asia (India, China, Indonesia, the Philippines, etc.), New Guinea, Australia, and various islands of the Pacific and Indian Oceans. One species is also naturalized in Hawaii, Florida, and the Caribbean. The genus is abbreviated Phaius in trade journals.

Document 5423659:
Ricky Johnston
Henrike "Ricky" Johnston (born 29 September 1943) was a Liberal Party Member of the Australian House of Representatives for the Division of Canning from 1996 to 1998. Johnston won the seat at her fifth attempt, having also been the endorsed Liberal candidate for Canning at the 1984, 1987, 1990 and 1993 general elections. She was defeated at the 1998 general election.

Document 6041605:
The Imperfect Lover
The Imperfect Lover is a 1921 British silent drama film directed by Walter West and starring Violet Hopson, Stewart Rome and Cameron Carr.

Document 1371212:
Luise Walker
Luise Walker (9 September 1910 – 30 January 1998) was an Austrian classical guitarist and guitar composer – one of the most prominent female guitarists of her time.

Document 1605920:
Set in Stone (novel)
Set in Stone is a children's fantasy novel written by Linda Newbery. It won the Costa Children's Book of the Year Prize for 2006, and was nominated for the 2007 Carnegie Medal.

Document 7074204:
Rush Hour 2
Rush Hour 2 is a 2001 American martial arts buddy cop action comedy film. It is the sequel to the 1998 film "Rush Hour" and the second installment in the "Rush Hour" film series. The film stars Jackie Chan and Chris Tucker who respectively reprise their roles as Inspector Lee and Detective Carter. The film finds Lee and Carter embroiled in a counterfeit scam involving the Triads.

Document 6162605:
Villard (imprint)
Villard, also known as Villard Books, is a publishing imprint of Random House, one of the largest publishing companies in the world. It was founded in 1983. Villard began as an independent imprint of Random House and is currently a sub-imprint of Ballantine Books, itself an imprint of Random House. It was named after a Stanford White brownstone mansion on Madison Avenue that was the home of Random House for twenty years.

Document 3721304:
Dominic Power
Dominic Power (born 5 July 1973) is an English actor, most recently seen working alongside Tom Courtenay and Gemma Jones in the ITV drama "Unforgotten".

Document 3463869:
An Inconvenient Truth (book)
An Inconvenient Truth: The Planetary Emergency of Global Warming and What We Can Do About It is a 2006 book by Al Gore released in conjunction with the film "An Inconvenient Truth". It is published by Rodale Press in Emmaus, Pennsylvania, in the United States.

Document 2361636:
Lady's Well, Auchmannoch
The Lady's Well is a natural spring surmounted by a large cross that stands beside the Stra Burn Ford (NS254630) near Auchmannoch House in the Parish of Sorn, East Ayrshire, Scotland. It is associated with the Virgin Mary as a curative well, a Wishing Well and also a Clootie well, additionally Mary Queen of Scots is said to have once watered her horse here. A large red sandstone cross was erected here at an unrecorded date. The well is also said to have acquired its name through ""..one of the ladies of Auchmannoch family drinking water exclusively from here.""

Document 6763353:
Kevin Magnussen
Kevin Jan Magnussen (born 5 October 1992) is a Danish racing driver, currently driving for the Haas F1 Team. The son of four-time Le Mans GT class winner, GM factory driver and former Formula One driver Jan Magnussen, Kevin Magnussen came up through McLaren Formula One team's Young Driver Programme and drove for McLaren in the 2014 Formula One World Championship.

Document 7134308:
Dean of Wolverhampton
The Dean of Wolverhampton was the head of the chapter of Canons at St. Peter's Collegiate Church, Wolverhampton until the chapter was disestablished in 1846. The collegiate church was, until that point, a Royal Peculiar falling outside of the diocesan and provincial structures of the Church of England. Today, the church is district church within a team parish led by a rector, although it has its own vicar and curate within the team.

Document 6008636:
List of largest birds
The largest living bird, a member of the Struthioniformes, is the ostrich ("Struthio camelus"), from the plains of Africa and Arabia. A large male ostrich can reach a height of 2.8 m and weigh over 156 kg . A mass of 200 kg has been cited for the ostrich but no wild ostriches of this massive weight have been verified. Eggs laid by the ostrich can weigh 1.4 kg and are the largest eggs in the world today.

Document 3293594:
Intermuseum Conservation Association
The Intermuseum Conservation Association (ICA) is a non-profit regional art conservation center located in Cleveland, OH. It was the first such regional conservation laboratory in the United States. The ICA currently offers conservation and preservation treatments for paintings, murals, works on paper, documents, objects of all media, outdoor sculpture, monuments, and textiles. It employs over 20 conservators and staff.

Document 6071766:
Duel at Diablo
Duel at Diablo is a 1966 western film starring James Garner in his first Western since leaving "Maverick" and Sidney Poitier in his first Western. Based on Marvin H. Albert's 1957 novel "Apache Rising", the film was written by Albert and Michael M. Grilikhes and directed by Ralph Nelson who had directed Poitier in "Lilies of the Field". The supporting cast includes Bibi Andersson, Bill Travers, Dennis Weaver and John Hoyt; Ralph Nelson has a cameo as an Army Major. The movie was shot on location amidst striking scenery in Utah; the musical score was composed by Neal Hefti.

Document 5374525:
Harold Matson
Harold Matson (February 26, 1898 – January 5, 1988) was an American literary agent and founder of the Harold Matson Company. His clients included Evelyn Waugh, C. S. Forester, Arthur Koestler, Malcolm Lowry William Saroyan, Allen Drury, Robert Ruark, Herman Wouk, Evan S. Connell, Flannery O'Connor and Richard Condon.

Document 1143212:
Rowntree's Fruit Pastilles
Rowntree's Fruit Pastilles (rebranded in Australia as Wonka Fruit Pastilles after the 1988 acquisition of Rowntree's by Nestlé, Fruit Joy in Italy and as Frutips in Canada) are small round sweets measuring about 1.5 cm (0.6 in) in diameter; they have a jelly-like consistency, due to the gelatin they are made from, and are covered with sugar. They contain fruit juice, have no artificial colours or flavours, and come in five flavours: lemon (yellow), lime (green), strawberry (red), blackcurrant (purple) and orange (orange).

Document 9955693:
Ildar Abdrazakov
Ildar Amirovich Abdrazakov (Russian: Ильда́р Ами́рович Абдраза́ков , pronounced  ; Bashkir: Абдразаҡов Илдар Әмир улы , "Abdrazaqov İldar Ämir ulı"; born 26 September 1976) is a Russian bass opera singer.

Document 4500091:
Tornado Chasers (TV series)
Tornado Chasers is an American documentary series that premiered on September 19, 2012 on TVNweather.com. The program follows Reed Timmer and his team of storm chasers as they attempt to intercept tornadoes in Tornado Alley in the United States and Canada. Season 2, funded largely through a successful Kickstarter campaign, commenced on September 30, 2013. The series is a two-time Webby Award Honoree, once for Best Documentary Series in 2013, and again for Best Editing ("Home, Part 2") in 2014.

Document 4674504:
Dock landing ship
A dock landing ship (also called landing ship, dock or LSD) is an amphibious warfare ship with a well dock to transport and launch landing craft and amphibious vehicles. Some ships with well decks, such as the Soviet Ivan Rogov class, also have bow doors to enable them to deliver vehicles directly onto a beach (like a Landing Ship, Tank). Modern dock landing ships also operate helicopters.

Document 7970196:
Homebush Street Circuit
The Homebush Street Circuit, also known as the Sydney Olympic Park Street Circuit, was a temporary street circuit around the former Olympic precinct at Sydney Olympic Park, Homebush Bay, Australia. The track hosted the Sydney 500 and was used for the first time at the final round of the 2009 V8 Supercar Championship Series. The circuit was used for the final time in December 2016.

Document 3305951:
Market Watch
Market Watch is a show on CNBC that aired from 10 AM to 12 noon ET, hosted by Martha MacCallum and Tyler Mathisen (for the first hour), and Bob Sellers and Consuelo Mack (for the second hour). It was replaced by "Midday Call" on Feb 4, 2002.

Document 5796861:
Helen Adam
Helen Adam (December 2, 1909 in Glasgow, Scotland – September 19, 1993 in New York City) was a Scottish poet, collagist and photographer who was part of a literary movement contemporaneous to the Beat Generation that occurred in San Francisco during the 1950s and 1960s. Though often associated with the Beat poets, she would more accurately be considered one of the predecessors of the Beat Generation.

Document 6758906:
Betty Siegel
Betty L. Siegel (born January 24, 1931) is an author and the former president of Kennesaw State University. She was the first female president of the University System of Georgia. She served in that position for 25 years, making her the longest serving female president of a state university in the United States.

Document 7204129:
The Good Thief (soundtrack)
The score to the movie "The Good Thief" was produced and arranged by Elliot Goldenthal; whilst the score music is generally received favourably one major complaint is that it is too short and that the other tracks supersede Goldenthal's scoring work, it contains eight pieces by him and other artists including Cheb Khaled, Serge Gainsbourg, Johnny Hallyday and Bono; the song Bono covers is the Frank Sinatra song "That's Life", produced, with a string arrangement, by Goldenthal. The original score cues were performed by both The London Metropolitan Orchestra and The Irish Film Orchestra.

Document 8733173:
Stephen L. Harris
Stephen L. Harris (born 1937) is Professor Emeritus of Humanities and Religious Studies at California State University, Sacramento. He served there ten years as department chair and was named a Woodrow Wilson Fellow. He received his MA and PhD degrees from Cornell University. Harris is a member of the American Academy of Religion, a fellow at the Westar Institute, was a fellow of the controversial Jesus Seminar, and has authored several books on religion, some of which are used in introductory university courses.

Document 3566438:
Chaudhary Charan Singh International Airport
Chaudhary Charan Singh International Airport (IATA: LKO, ICAO: VILK) is an airport serving Lucknow, the capital of the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. It is situated in Amausi in the city of Lucknow, India and was earlier known as Amausi Airport before being renamed after Chaudhary Charan Singh, the fifth prime minister of India. It is the 11th busiest airport in India and is also the second busiest and largest in North and Central India after IGI Airport at Delhi. It handled about 3.97 million passengers in 2016-17. It was awarded as the second best airport in the world in category of 2-5 million passengers.It is also a focus city for IndiGo.

Document 7494449:
White Student Union (Towson University)
The White Student Union (WSU) was an unaffiliated organization founded in Towson, Maryland by Matthew Heimbach, who is a former member of Youth for Western Civilization and considered by many to be the face of a new generation of white nationalists. The group advocates for what it sees as the interests of "persons of European heritage". It has been listed as a hate group by the Southern Poverty Law Center and the Anti-Defamation League. The organization rejects this label, stating in a blog post that "We do not hate any other race and we do not wish anyone harm". In May 2013 Heimbach said that the group would merge with the Traditionalist Youth Network which Heimbach described as an effort to build "a wide coalition of Kinists, social conservatives, Traditionalist Christians, believers in Right-Wing political ideologies, and other factions of the pro-white movement."

Document 5016833:
Tailchaser's Song
Tailchaser's Song is a fantasy novel by American writer Tad Williams. It is about a personified cat named Fritti Tailchaser, set in a world of other anthropomorphic animals who live in their natural environments but each have their own language, mythology, and culture. It is the first book that Tad Williams wrote and published, and is being adapted into an animated film due to be released in 2018.

Document 3122871:
João Gilberto (1973 album)
João Gilberto is a bossa nova album by João Gilberto, originally released in Brazil as a vinyl LP in 1973 and reissued on CD in 1988. João Gilberto released another album named "João Gilberto" in 1961, as well as several EPs with only his name as title. The minimal instrumentation – just Gilberto's guitar and voice, plus Sonny Carr's very sparse percussion – and the relentless beat give the album a hypnotic feel. The album's sound engineer was famous electronic music pioneer Wendy Carlos. This album is often referred to as João Gilberto's "white album", in a reference to The Beatles' "White Album".

Document 1234748:
Golden Hind
Golden Hind was an English galleon best known for her privateering circumnavigation of the globe between 1577 and 1580, captained by Sir Francis Drake. She was originally known as "Pelican", but was renamed by Drake mid-voyage in 1578, in honour of his patron, Sir Christopher Hatton, whose crest was a golden 'hind' (a female red deer). Hatton was one of the principal sponsors of Drake's world voyage. There is one full-size replica in existence in London, on the south bank of the Thames.

Document 4872334:
The Queen (film)
The Queen is a 2006 British fictional drama film depicting the British Royal Family's response to the death of Diana, Princess of Wales, on 31 August 1997. The film was directed by Stephen Frears, written by Peter Morgan, and starred Helen Mirren in the title role of Queen Elizabeth II.

Document 5500507:
Jason V. Brock
Jason V. Brock (born March 1, 1970) is an American author, artist, editor, and filmmaker. He is the CEO and co-founder (with his wife, Sunni) of JaSunni Productions, LLC, whose documentary films include "Charles Beaumont: The Short Life of Twilight Zone’s Magic Man", the Rondo Hatton Classic Horror Award-winning "The AckerMonster Chronicles!", and "Image, Reflection, Shadow: Artists of the Fantastic". He is also the author of "Totems and Taboos", a compilation of his poetry and artwork, and an editor, along with William F. Nolan, of "The Bleeding Edge: Dark Barriers, Dark Frontiers" and "The Devil's Coattails: More Dispatches from the Dark Frontier" anthologies published by Cycatrix Press. Brock shares story credit (he was Lead Story Consultant and Lead Designer) on the "Logan’s Run: Last Day" and related comic book series from Bluewater Productions. In addition, he is also a writer for the comic book/graphic novel, "Tales from William F. Nolan's Dark Universe" (again from Bluewater).

Document 8324699:
Braintree Public Schools
The Braintree Public School District, located in Braintree, Massachusetts, includes Hollis Elementary School, Donald Ross Elementary School, Archie T. Morrison Elementary School, Liberty Elementary School, Mary E. Flaherty Elementary School (formerly Lakeside Elementary School), Highlands Elementary School, East Middle School, South Middle School, and Braintree High School. Monatiquot Elementary School is now the Monatiquot School Kindergarten Center for full-day kindergarten students in Braintree.

Document 2988359:
Battle of Green Spring
The Battle of Green Spring took place near Green Spring Plantation in James City County, Virginia during the American Revolutionary War. On July 6, 1781 United States Brigadier General "Mad" Anthony Wayne, leading the advance forces of the Marquis de Lafayette, was ambushed near the plantation by the British army of Earl Charles Cornwallis in the last major land battle of the Virginia campaign prior to the Siege of Yorktown.

Document 8278625:
Atticall
Attical or Atticall (from Irish: "Áit Tí Chathail" , meaning "place of Cathal's house" ) is a small village and townland (of 396 acres) in the Mourne Mountains of County Down, Northern Ireland. It is situated in the civil parish of Kilkeel and the historic barony of Mourne. In the 2001 Census it had a population of 153 people. It lies within the Newry and Mourne District Council area.

Document 4183858:
The Roots of Coincidence
The Roots of Coincidence is a 1972 book by Arthur Koestler, an introduction to theories of parapsychology, including extrasensory perception and psychokinesis. Koestler postulates links between modern physics, their interaction with time and paranormal phenomena. It is influenced by Carl Jung's concept of synchronicity and the seriality of Paul Kammerer.

Document 1883138:
Olive oil extraction
Olive oil extraction is the process of extracting the oil present in olive drupes, known as olive oil. Olive oil is produced in the mesocarp cells, and stored in a particular type of vacuole called a lipo vacuole, i.e., every cell contains a tiny olive oil droplet. Olive oil extraction is the process of separating the oil from the other fruit contents (vegetative extract liquid and solid material). It is possible to attain this separation by physical means alone, i.e., oil and water do not mix, so they are relatively easy to separate. This contrasts with other oils that are extracted with chemical solvents, generally hexane. The first operation when extracting olive oil is washing the olives, to reduce the presence of contaminants, especially soil which can create a particular flavor defect called "soil taste".

Document 4770171:
Richard S. Morse
Richard S. Morse (August 19, 1911 – July 1, 1988) was an American inventor and scientist credited with invention of orange juice concentrate, the founder of the Minute Maid, a member of the National Academy of Engineering, Assistant Secretary of the Army, and senior lecturer at Sloan School of Management of Massachusetts Institute of Technology.

Document 7574689:
Conservative Punk
Conservative Punk was a website that promoted conservative views in the punk subculture. It was created by Nick Rizzuto, an employee of a New York City rock radio station, partially in response to the left-liberal group Punkvoter (created by NOFX lead singer Fat Mike). The Conservative Punk website received significant press coverage during the 2004 presidential election. It includes contributions from talk radio personality Andrew Wilkow and former Misfits singer and Gotham Road frontman Michale Graves. Dorian Lynskey of "The Guardian" wrote about Rizzuto: "To his critics he's a crank bringing punk's good name into disrepute - but to his supporters he's the fearless voice of a formerly silent minority."

Document 1966421:
Go for a Take
Go for a Take (a.k.a. "Double Take") is a 1972 British comedy film directed by Harry Booth and featuring Dennis Price, Bob Todd, Reg Varney, Norman Rossington, Sue Lloyd, and Anouska Hempel. Debbie Russ reprises her role as the character "Tiger" from the television series "Here Come the Double Deckers" (1970–71).

Document 7593906:
Hans Zollner
Hans Zollner is a German theologian and psychologist. He has been a member of the Jesuits since 1990. He studied philosophy and theology in Regensburg and Innsbruck. Since 2003, he has taught at the Institute of Psychology at the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome. Zollner has been the academic Vice Rector of the Gregorian since 2010.

Document 2170110:
Real estate technology
Real Estate Technology or Property Technology, often referred to as ("RE Tech") or ("Proptech"), is an economic industry composed of companies which use technology to make real estate transactions more efficient. Real estate technology is a sub-category under financial technology as real estate is an asset class which represents a significant investment. Besides for own stay, there are investors who generate income and capital gains by investing in different categories of Real Estate properties over time - They are broadly residential, commercial and industrial. Historically used as a more tactical investment or for providing portfolio alpha, real estate has been used as part of a long-term core strategy due to increased market efficiency and increasing concerns about the future long-term variability of stock and bond returns. In fact, real estate is known for its ability to serve as a portfolio diversifier and inflation hedge.

Document 1606961:
Tom Bergeron
Thomas "Tom" Bergeron (born May 6, 1955) is an American television personality, comedian, and game show host.

Document 5457623:
Nick Halkes
Nick Halkes (born Nigel Halkes) is a U.K. based music industry executive best known for signing a breaking dance act The Prodigy and being one of the founders of the XL Recordings label XL Recordings. He is now an artist manager, managing Liam Howlett (The Prodigy), DJ Fresh, Bad Company UK and more. He is also a part time lecturer on the music industry at University of Westminster. and runs the Reach Up club night and radio show with partners Andy Smith and Crissy Kybosh.

Document 4394146:
Belfast Area G
Area G was one of the eight district electoral areas (DEA) which existed in Belfast, Northern Ireland from 1973 to 1985. Covering Belfast city centre and the inner parts of the north and west of the city, the district elected six members to Belfast City Council and contained the wards of Central; Court; Crumlin; New Lodge; North Howard; and Shankill. The DEA formed part of the Belfast North and Belfast West constituencies.

Document 8239120:
Hellenic Railways Organisation
The Hellenic Railways Organisation or OSE (Greek: "Οργανισμός Σιδηροδρόμων Ελλάδος" or Ο.Σ.Ε. ) is the Greek national railway company which owns, maintains and operates all railway infrastructure in Greece with the exception of Athens' rapid transit lines. Train services on these lines are run by TrainOSE S.A., a former OSE subsidiary. In addition OSE owns and maintains the rolling stock used by TrainOSE and maintains preserved special rolling stock, withdrawn locomotives and railcars. OSE was founded in 1971, taking over from the "Hellenic State Railways", which was founded in 1920.

Document 6049898:
Francis Bryan
Sir Francis Bryan (about 1490 – 2 February 1550) was an English courtier and diplomat during the reign of Henry VIII. He was Chief Gentleman of the Privy chamber and Lord Justice of Ireland. Unlike many of his contemporaries, Bryan always retained Henry's favour, achieving this by altering his opinions to conform to the king's. His rakish sexual life and his lack of principle at the time of his cousin Anne Boleyn's downfall led to his earning the nickname the Vicar of Hell.

Document 5159767:
Crabtree Creek (South Santiam River)
Crabtree Creek is a tributary of the South Santiam River in Linn County in the U.S. state of Oregon. It begins in the western foothills of the Cascade Range at Crabtree Mountain near Crabtree Lake. From there it flows generally west to meet the larger stream about 3 mi upstream of where the South Santiam merges with the North Santiam River to form the Santiam River.

Document 3716216:
2014 National League Championship Series
The 2014 National League Championship Series was a best-of-seven playoff pitting the St. Louis Cardinals against the San Francisco Giants for the National League pennant and the right to play in the 2014 World Series. The series was the 45th in league history with Fox airing Game 1 and Fox Sports 1 airing Games 2–5 in the United States. Game 1 was simulcast on Fox Sports 1 and was hosted by Kevin Burkhardt, Gabe Kapler and C.J. Nitkowski, who offered sabermetric analysis of the game.

Document 1227268:
Illini West High School
Illini West High School, or IWHS, is a public four-year high school located at 600 Miller Street in Carthage, Illinois, a small city in Hancock County, Illinois, in the Midwestern United States. IWHS serves the communities of Carthage, Dallas City, La Harpe. The campus is located 25 miles west of Macomb, Illinois, and serves a mixed small city, village, and rural residential community.

Document 7805976:
Pure Air
Pure Air is the second release of the band Agua de Annique formed by the former The Gathering vocalist Anneke van Giersbergen. It was released in 2009. It contains tracks from their first album Air, and also songs featuring Anneke with other artists (Within Temptation, Anathema, Arjen A. Lucassen...).

Document 7219629:
Tailless tenrec
The tailless tenrec ("Tenrec ecaudatus"), also known as the common tenrec, is a species of mammal in the family Tenrecidae. It is the only member of the genus Tenrec. Native to Madagascar, it is also found in the Comoros, Mauritius, Réunion, and Seychelles, where it has been introduced. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, dry savanna, moist savanna, subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, subtropical or tropical moist shrubland, subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland, subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland, subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland, arable land, pastureland, plantations, rural gardens, and urban areas.

Document 9919250:
Torey Malatia
Torey Malatia (born August 1951) is an American journalist, radio producer, and public media manager. In 2016 he was named President, CEO and General Manager of Rhode Island Public Radio. Until he resigned on July 26, 2013, he served as Chief Executive Officer and president of the board of directors of Chicago Public Media and general manager of radio station WBEZ. He is also a member of the board of the Public Radio Exchange, a program distributor, and the Station Resource Group, a public radio program development and fundraising group.

Document 5157601:
2004 Mercedes-Benz Cup – Doubles
Jan-Michael Gambill and Travis Parrott were the defending champions, but Gambill did not participate this year. Parrott partnered Robby Ginepri, losing in the first round.

Document 7379809:
Get Married 2
Get Married 2 is a 2009 Indonesian romantic comedy directed by Hanung Bramantyo and starring Nirina Zubir and Nino Fernandez. A sequel to the 2007 hit "Get Married", it details the efforts of Mae and Rendy to have children.

Document 2569291:
Virgo Blaktro and the Movie Disco
Virgo Blaktro and the Movie Disco is an album by Felix da Housecat, his first studio album since "Devin Dazzle & the Neon Fever" in 2004. It was released on October 2, 2007 on Nettwerk Records. The album spans several musical genres including electronic, house music, funk, soul and pop. It was recorded in Barcelona and Antwerp and like "Devin Dazzle" it is a concept album; this one is centered on the revival of 1970s and 1980s black music.

Document 7206548:
Edokko
Edokko (Japanese: 江戸っ子 , literally "child of Edo") is a Japanese term referring to a person born and raised in Edo (renamed Tokyo in 1868). The term is believed to have been coined in the late 18th century in Edo. Being an Edokko also implied that the person had certain personality traits different from the non-native population, such as being assertive, straightforward, cheerful, perhaps a bit mercantile (cf. Kyoto, the capital of aristocratic Japan, and Osaka, the capital of mercantile Japan; see also "iki" and "inase").

Document 5252448:
Physician Preparing an Elixir
The Physician Preparing an Elixir is a miniature on a folio from an illustrated manuscript copy, now in the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York of "De Materia Medica", a large herbal or work on the (mostly) medical uses of plants originally written by the ancient Greco-Roman physician, Pedanius Dioscorides, in the first century AD. This page of the manuscript, dated 1224 AD, is made from paper, sized 24.8 cm wide and 33.2 cm long, and is decorated by opaque watercolor, ink, and gold detailing. It is visually split into three horizontal portions from the top of the page to the bottom; the top of the page is dominated by two lines of Arabic script, followed by the image and then five more lines of text in Arabic. The writing below the image is predominantly black with the exception of one line, which is written in red ink and is therefore highlighted to the viewer. The page is usually not on display.

Document 6628815:
The Judy Garland Show
The Judy Garland Show was an American musical variety television series that aired on CBS on Sunday nights during the 1963-1964 television season. Despite a sometimes stormy relationship with Judy Garland, CBS had found success with several television specials featuring the star. Garland, who for years had been reluctant to commit to a weekly series, saw the show as her best chance to pull herself out of severe financial difficulties.

Document 7605464:
Der K und K Kalypso aus Wien
"Der K und K Kalypso aus Wien" (The K and K Calypso from Vienna) was the Austrian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1959, performed in German by Ferry Graf.

Document 7227966:
Mike Bernardo
Michael "Mike" Bernardo (28 July 1969 – 14 February 2012) was a South African kickboxer and boxer from Cape Town. Bernardo was known as Beru-chan in Japan, where he has taken part in K-1 World GPs since 1994. He holds notable wins over Mirko Cro Cop, Andy Hug, Francisco Filho, Branko Cikatic, Stan Longinidis and 3 straight wins over K-1 legend Peter Aerts.

Document 6553761:
Pershing Square Capital Management
Pershing Square Capital Management is an American hedge fund management company founded and run by Bill Ackman, located at 888 7th Avenue in New York.

Document 1695060:
Campanula poscharskyana
Campanula poscharskyana (Serbian bellflower, trailing bellflower) is a semi-evergreen trailing perennial, valued for its lavender-blue star-shaped flowers, native to the Dinaric Alps in former Yugoslavia.

Document 5088595:
The Union Trade
The Union Trade is an American Indie rock band formed in San Francisco, California, in 2006. An early and leading member of the Bay Area post-rock scene, The Union Trade is also the founding band of San Francisco independent music label, Tricycle Records. Since its inception, the band's line-up has included Nate Munger (lead vocals, bass), Don Joslin (guitar), and Eric Salk (vocals, guitar, keys). The founding drummer was Dan Rodkewich. The band's current drummer, Eitan Anzenberg, has been with the band since 2012.

Document 6219977:
Matteis
Matteis is an ancient family surname of Italian origin. Most Matteis families now reside in the southern part near Naples in a town called Avellino. The name originated in Chiusano San Domenico, and was often characterized with the nickname "Controme". Chiusano San Domenico is a very small town, but yet very old, going back more than 2000 years. It is mostly a residential community, with many families, including those bearing the name Matteis, including one "Pasquale Matteis". Its a very religious town, yet very nice and peaceful. Near the community is a great mountain which is very important to the people of Chiusano. It has religious significance, and has a cross at its top.

Document 1789113:
U.S. Internazionale Napoli
Unione Sportiva Internazionale Napoli was an Italian football club from Naples. They were founded in 1912 and competed until their merger with Naples FBC to form what is today known as S.S.C. Napoli in 1922.

Document 7048062:
Hello Zepp
"Hello Zepp" is a piece of incidental music that was composed by Charlie Clouser for the first installment in the "Saw" film series. The piece's appearance in the first film was timed to bring a dramatic tone to the end of the film, in which Zep Hindle is revealed to actually be a victim of the real antagonist, the Jigsaw Killer (the character's name in the script is spelled 'Zep', whereas the music titles are spelled 'Zepp'). As the series continued, the piece was reused in all the films, often being renamed and remixed to accommodate the changing situations and characters in each film. The song, which is written in the key of D minor, is now the theme of the entire series.

Document 7610243:
Quaker State 400
The Quaker State 400 presented by Advance Auto Parts is a 400.5 mi annual Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series race held at Kentucky Speedway in Sparta, Kentucky. The inaugural event was held on July 9, 2011 and was won by Kyle Busch. From 2012 to 2014, the race was held the week before the Coke Zero 400 at Daytona International Speedway on Independence Day weekend. From 2015 to 2017, the event moved back two weeks, preceding Daytona and New Hampshire, In 2018, the Quaker State 400 will become the 19th race of the season as the New Hampshire 301 at New Hampshire Motor Speedway will become the 20th race of the season. Martin Truex Jr., is the defending winner.

Document 4046619:
River Quaggy
The River Quaggy (often the Quaggy River or simply Quaggy) is a river, 17 km in length, passing through the south-east London boroughs of Bromley, Greenwich and Lewisham; in its lower reaches it is an urban river, in its upper reaches further from London it is more natural and known as the Kyd Brook. The river rises from two sources near Farnborough Hospital at Locksbottom and is a tributary of the River Ravensbourne which it flows into near Lewisham station in Lewisham.

Document 8007575:
La Roue Tourangelle
La Roue Tourangelle is a road bicycle race held annually in the Region Centre-Val de Loire, France. The editions 2002–2004 were reserved for amateurs; from 2005 until 2012, it was organized as a 1.2 event on the UCI Europe Tour; in 2013 it became a 1.1 event, and as of 2015 it will also be part of the French Road Cycling Cup.

Document 4701106:
Vinaròs CF
Vinaròs Club de Fútbol is a football team based in Vinaròs, in Castellón province, autonomous community of Valencian Community, Spain. Founded in 1965, it plays in Regional Preferente – Group 1. Its stadium is "El Cervol", which has a capacity of 9,600 seats.

Document 5028244:
A Different World (song)
"A Different World" is the title of a debut song recorded by American country music artist Bucky Covington. It was released in January 2007 as the lead single from his album "Bucky Covington". It was written by Jennifer Hanson, Tony Martin, and Mark Nesler. The song is produced by Mark Miller of Sawyer Brown, and was released by Lyric Street Records, a country label of Disney's Buena Vista Music Group. It peaked at number 6 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart.

Document 4671444:
Real estate benchmarking
Real estate benchmarking is the standard of measurement used to analyze the financial characteristics of a real estate investment property. In the general sense, real estate benchmarking refers to the comparison of potential real estate investment properties against a predetermined framework of measurement. In a narrow sense, the term real estate benchmarking refers to the specific real estate indicators used to measure the real estate properties.

Document 5290377:
Alicia Appleman-Jurman
Alicia Appleman-Jurman (May 9, 1930 – April 8, 2017), also known as Alicia Ada Appleman, was a Polish-born Israeli–American memoirist, born in Rosulna, Poland (present-day Rosilna, Ukraine), who has written and spoken about her experiences of the Holocaust in her autobiography, Alicia: My Story.

Document 9271038:
Lucky (Marty Balin album)
Lucky is the second solo album by Marty Balin. It was released in 1983 on EMI America Records. The album did not fare as well as his previous one, and only rose to #156 on the "Billboard" chart. As a subtle tribute to Balin's friend and former band mate Jack Casady, he recorded a cover of "Heart of Stone," an original written by Brian Marnell from Jack's new wave group SVT.

Document 4294158:
Seán Mór Seoighe
Seán Mór Seoighe (fl. 1680) was an Irish steward, stonemason, and builder. He was the ancestor of many of the Joyce families of County Kerry, County Limerick, and County Cork, including that of the author James Joyce, Patrick Weston Joyce and Robert Dwyer Joyce.

Document 2122074:
Rupert Wainwright
Rupert Wainwright (born 30 November 1961) is an English film and television director, writer, and actor.

Document 8725984:
Constance Beerbohm
Constance Mary Beerbohm (1856–8 January 1939), was the oldest daughter of Julius Ewald Edward Beerbohm (1811–92), of Dutch, Lithuanian, and German origin, who had come to England in about 1830 and set up as a prosperous corn merchant. He married an Englishwoman, Constantia Draper; and the couple had four children. Constance Beerbohm's brother was the renowned actor-manager Herbert Beerbohm Tree; another brother was the engineer, author and explorer Julius Beerbohm; a younger half-brother was the caricaturist and parodist Max Beerbohm.

Document 7661811:
Dan Angel
Dan Angel is an American film and television producer, screenwriter, story editor and showrunner. He has written and produced a number of television series and movies, often with his writing partner Billy Brown, including "The X-Files", "Goosebumps", "Animorphs", "", "Door to Door", "", "Christmas in Canaan", "" and "Dan Vs.". His work has won numerous awards, including a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Made for Television Movie and Peabody Award recognizing his work executive producing "Door to Door". and another Emmy Award for Outstanding Children's Series in his work on .

Document 9406848:
Curt McCune
Curt McCune (born August 2, 1960), from Homewood (Birmingham), Alabama, is a former amateur boxer and 4-time State of Alabama amateur boxing champion, and was the 1994 International Law Enforcement Games Boxing Champion at 193 lbs. McCune is a current private coach and trainer for amateur and professional boxers.

Document 7396931:
Anecdotes of Destiny
Anecdotes of Destiny is a collection of stories by Danish author Karen Blixen. It was the last work put out during Karen Blixen's lifetime; it was published in Denmark on October 12, 1958.

Document 8833357:
Georgetown, Ontario
Georgetown is a community in the town of Halton Hills, Ontario, Canada and is part of the Regional Municipality of Halton. The town includes several small villages or settlements such as Norval, Limehouse, Stewartown and Glen Williams near Georgetown as well as another large population centre, Acton, Ontario. In 2016, the population of Georgetown was 42,123. It is situated on the Credit River, located approximately 60 km west of Toronto, making it part of the Greater Toronto Area. Georgetown was named after entrepreneur George Kennedy who settled in the area in 1821 and built several mills and other businesses.

Document 7809247:
When Daylight's Gone
When Daylight's Gone is the debut studio album by the symphonic black metal band Graveworm, released originally in 1997 through Serenades Records but was later re-released in 2001 through Last Episode with bonus tracks taken from the entirety of Underneath the Crescent Moon, the cover of which is the covers of the albums faded together in the middle.

Document 1218871:
Invasion of Normandy
The Western Allies of World War II launched the largest amphibious invasion in history when they assaulted Normandy, located on the northern coast of France, on 6 June 1944. The invaders were able to establish a beachhead as part of Operation Overlord after a successful "D-Day," the first day of the invasion.

Document 6732615:
Deer Park School, Toronto
Deer Park is a school serving grades Junior Kindergarten through 8. Deer Park is located at 23 Ferndale Avenue, just north of St. Clair Avenue in the neighbourhood of Deer Park, Toronto. The school is serviced by the TTC by its St. Clair Station. Deer Park has been serving the community for almost 125 years. "William Waldman" is the current Principal and the current vice-principal is "Chris Gorczynski". Deer Park has a student council that is run by one, Nicholas Manning; who was also the gifted Core teacher until the gifted program was discontinued, he is now a mainstream core teacher. Most students leaving Deer Park attend either North Toronto Collegiate Institute or Northern Secondary School.

Document 9610706:
Denmark–Netherlands relations
Denmark–Netherlands relations are foreign relations between Denmark and the Netherlands. Denmark has an embassy in The Hague and the Netherlands has an embassy in Copenhagen. Both countries are full members of NATO and the European Union. Princess Beatrix is a Dame of the Order of the Elephant since 29 October 1975. On 31 January 1998, King Willem-Alexander of the Netherlands also received the Order of the Elephant.

Document 2066731:
Tammy Faye Messner
Tamara Faye LaValley Bakker "Tammy" Messner (March 7, 1942 – July 20, 2007) was an American Christian singer, evangelist, entrepreneur, author, talk show host, and television personality. She was married from 1961 to 1992 to televangelist, and later convicted felon, Jim Bakker. She co-hosted with him on "The PTL Club" (1976–1987). She was a participant in the 2004 season of the reality show "The Surreal Life".

Document 7568552:
William Bigod
William Bigod, the heir to the Norfolk earldom, drown in the disaster of the White Ship as she set sail from Normandy in 1120. The ship also carried the son of the King of England Henry I, William Adelin, who also died. The succession of Henry I to the throne of England was secured not only by the mysterious death of his brother King William II Rufus and by the defeat of his eldest brother Robert Courthouse, Duke of Normandy. The death of Henry's heir to the throne set in motion a succession crisis that lasted many years.

Document 5790745:
Tony Grisoni
Tony Grisoni (born 28 October 1952) is a British screenwriter. He lives in London. His first feature film, "Queen of Hearts", directed by Jon Amiel, won the Grand Prix at the 1990 Festival du Film de Paris.

Document 7256739:
The Yellow Kid
The Yellow Kid was the name of a lead American comic strip character that ran from 1895 to 1898 in Joseph Pulitzer's "New York World", and later William Randolph Hearst's "New York Journal". Created and drawn by Richard F. Outcault in the comic strip Hogan's Alley (and later under other names as well), it was one of the first Sunday supplement comic strips in an American newspaper, although its graphical layout had already been thoroughly established in political and other, purely-for-entertainment cartoons. Outcault's use of word balloons in the "Yellow Kid" influenced the basic appearance and use of balloons in subsequent newspaper comic strips and comic books.

Document 7067824:
GNR (band)
GNR is a Portuguese band founded in 1981. The band shares its acronym (Grupo Novo Rock, Portuguese for Group of New Rock) with the Guarda Nacional Republicana (National Republican Guard) and is inseparable from the concept of Portuguese rock. Many years after its creation, numerous recordings show the band's popularity. The band is always represented by the charismatic Rui Reininho, singer, author of lyrics and songs, he was one of the most loved by the media - and often controversial - symbol of the Portuguese rock scene.

Document 4631296:
Nemmeli (Sirkazhi)
Nemmeli(Tamil: நிம்மேலி ), is one of the Village in Sirkazhi Taluk in Nagapattinam District in Tamil Nadu State . Nemmeli is located 3.1 km distance from its Taluk Main Town Sirkazhi . Nemmeli is 53 km far from its District Main City Nagapattinam . It is 211 km far from its State Main City Chennai .

Document 2191814:
Green Arrow: Year One
Green Arrow: Year One is a 2007 Green Arrow limited series published by DC Comics. The series is written by Andy Diggle with art by Jock, the acclaimed team behind "The Losers".

Document 4372441:
John Russell (actor)
John Lawrence Russell (January 3, 1921 – January 19, 1991) was an American motion picture film and television actor, most noted for his starring role as Marshal Dan Troop in the successful ABC western television series "Lawman" from 1958 to 1962. and his lead role as international adventurer Tim Kelly in the syndicated T.V. series "Soldiers of Fortune" from 1955-1957.

Document 5480794:
Tabor City Correctional Institution
The Tabor City Correctional Institution, also known as Tabor City Prison, is a prison within the North Carolina Department of Public Safety Division of Prisons system, located in Tabor City, North Carolina. It houses over 1700 mixed classification inmates. and was originally opened in 2008. The prison is located at 4600 West Swamp Fox Highway.

Document 8011679:
San Francisco Peninsula
The San Francisco Peninsula is a peninsula in the San Francisco Bay Area that separates San Francisco Bay from the Pacific Ocean. On its northern tip is the City and County of San Francisco. Its southern base is in northern Santa Clara County, including the cities of Palo Alto, Mountain View and Los Altos. Most of the Peninsula is occupied by San Mateo County, between San Francisco and Santa Clara counties, and including the cities and towns of Atherton, Belmont, Brisbane, Burlingame, Colma, Daly City, East Palo Alto, El Granada, Foster City, Hillsborough, Half Moon Bay, La Honda, Los Altos, Menlo Park, Millbrae, Mountain View, Pacifica, Palo Alto, Portola Valley, Redwood City, San Bruno, San Carlos, San Mateo, South San Francisco, and Woodside.

Document 9435412:
Internet Routing in Space
Internet Routing in Space (IRIS) was a program to build a radiation-tolerant IP router created by Cisco Systems for satellite and related spacecraft. It was a follow-on from Cisco's earlier CLEO router in space on the UK-DMC satellite. The Cisco Space Router was launched to geostationary orbit on board Intelsat 14 (IS-14), a spacecraft built by Space Systems/Loral for satellite operator Intelsat, in November 2009. IRIS was evaluated by the United States Department of Defense by way of a JCTD (Joint Capabilities Technology Demonstration). The Space Router runs Cisco IOS (Internetworking Operating System) software and also contains an onboard Software-defined radio running satellite modem waveforms. The United States Department of Defense used the JCTD to evaluate the reduced latency, improved throughput and increased flexibility provided by the Space Router.

Document 8879863:
OBB (band)
OBB (meaning, Oswald Brothers Band) is an American pop rock band made up of the three Oswald brothers, Zach, Jacob, and Nich. They come from Atlanta, Georgia, where the band started making music in 2008. They have released four extended plays, "3" in 2011, "Live, Life, Loving" in 2012, "OBB" in 2013, and "Feelin' like Christmas" in 2014. The group have also released one studio album, "Bright Side" in 2014, and an independent album, "Ready Set Go" in 2009.

Document 5647258:
Shelburn Formation
The Shelburn Formation is a geologic formation in Indiana. It preserves fossils dating back to the Carboniferous period.

Document 8603439:
Steinhaus–Johnson–Trotter algorithm
The Steinhaus–Johnson–Trotter algorithm or Johnson–Trotter algorithm, also called plain changes, is an algorithm named after Hugo Steinhaus, Selmer M. Johnson and Hale F. Trotter that generates all of the permutations of "n" elements. Each permutation in the sequence that it generates differs from the previous permutation by swapping two adjacent elements of the sequence. Equivalently, this algorithm finds a Hamiltonian path in the permutohedron.

Document 7173054:
Samba Traoré
Samba Traoré (1993) is a Burkinabé drama film directed by Idrissa Ouedraogo. It was entered into the 43rd Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Silver Bear.

Document 3191822:
Robert Simons
Robert George 'Bob' Simons (23 March 1922 – 21 December 2011) was an English cricketer. Simons was a right-handed batsman who fielded as a wicket-keeper. He was born at Watford, Hertfordshire, and was educated at Berkhamsted School.

Document 6136672:
Charles Joseph, comte de Flahaut
Auguste-Charles-Joseph de Flahaut de La Billarderie, "comte de Flahaut" (21 April 1785 – 1 September 1870) was a French general and statesman. was a French general during the Napoleonic Wars, a statesman, and late in life French ambassador to the Court of St. James.

Document 9906787:
The Wedding Song (film)
The Wedding Song (Hungarian: "Nászdal" ) is a 1917 Hungarian film directed by Alfréd Deésy. It featured Béla Lugosi in his first onscreen appearance.

Document 2990842:
Wind-class icebreaker
The Wind-class icebreakers were a line of diesel electric-powered icebreakers in service with the United States Navy, United States Coast Guard, Royal Canadian Navy, Canadian Coast Guard and Soviet Navy from 1944 through the late 1970s. They were very effective ships: all except "Eastwind" served at least thirty years, and "Northwind" served in the USCG continuously for forty-four years. Considered the most technologically advanced icebreakers in the world when first built, the Wind-class icebreakers were also heavily armed; the first operator of the class was the United States Coast Guard, which used the vessels for much-needed coastal patrol off Greenland during World War II. Three of the vessels of the class, "Westwind", "Southwind", and the first "Northwind" all went on to serve temporarily for the Soviet Union under the Lend-Lease program, while two others were built for the United States Navy and another was built for the Royal Canadian Navy; all eight vessels were eventually transferred to the United States Coast Guard and the Canadian Coast Guard.

Document 1489418:
Zork Nemesis
Zork Nemesis: The Forbidden Lands is a 1996 graphic adventure game, developed by Zombie LLC and published by Activision. It is the eleventh game in the "Zork" series, and the first such title not to appear under the Infocom label. It features a darker, less comical story within the Zork setting. The story focuses on players investigating the sudden disappearance of four prominent figures and their children to the hands of a mysterious being known as the "Nemesis", and uncovering a sinister plot during their investigations that they must thwart. The game was released for Windows 95, and ported to MS-DOS and Macintosh by Quicksilver Software.

Document 7183652:
Umbria Jazz Festival
The Umbria Jazz Festival is one of the most important jazz festivals in the world and has been held annually since 1973, usually in the month of July, in Perugia, and surrounding cities of the region of Umbria Italy. Furthermore, the Umbria Jazz Winter Festival takes place annually in late December to early January in the city of Orvieto.

Document 4131618:
Survivor: Odisejev Otok
Survivor: Odisejev Otok, was the first and only season of the Croatian version of the Swedish show Expedition Robinson, or Survivor and it aired 2005. Having been influenced by the success of the Croatian version of Big Brother, channel HRT decided to launch a Croatian version of Survivor which aired from May 12, 2005 to July 7, 2005. An immediate twist this season was that each tribe was forced to take part in an elimination challenge on day one of the competition. As Ivan Krželj of the "Ammos" tribe (named after the Greek word for sand) and Ana Marija Bojko of the "Petros" tribe (named after the Greek word for rock) lost the challenge they were both eliminated from the competition. Throughout the rest of the pre-merge portion of the competition the tribes battled for a majority when the merge arrived. As many of them were considered weak by their tribes, most of the women were eliminated during this portion of the competition. When the merge arrived, the two tribes became one known as "Zoi" and the former original members of Ammos found themselves out numbered six to four. Due to this, all of the former members of Ammos, with the exception of Silvija Zelko, were almost immediately eliminated. When it came time for the final four, the contestants competed in two challenges in order to determine the final two. As the winner of the first challenge, Vazmenko Pervanu chose to eliminate the only non-former Petros member Silvija Zelko. Kristina Sesar, Vazmenko Pervanu, and Vedran Rubrik Šehić were then forced to compete in a second challenge which Vedran Rubrik Šehić won and chose to eliminate Kristina Sesar, who many considered to be the villain of the season. Unlike most versions of Survivor, the public, not the jury, chose the winner and despite the fact that Vedran Rubrik Šehić won the jury vote by a margin of 4-3, it was Vazmenko Pervanu who won this season with a public vote of 68.23% to Vedran Rubrik Šehić's 31.77%. Due to low ratings Survivor was cancelled following this season.

Document 7323816:
Infiniti G-series (Q40/Q60)
The Infiniti G-series is a line of compact executive/entry-level luxury sports car produced by the Infiniti division of Nissan for the 1991–1996 and 1999–present model years. The first two generations of the Infiniti G (P10 and P11) were sedans based on the Nissan Primera. Beginning with its third generation (V35), the Infiniti G have been rebadged versions of the Nissan Skyline line of sedans and coupes that were exported to the United States and Canada. The current incarnation is the fourth generation (V36) which introduced the hardtop coupe convertible. The Nissan FM platform, on top of which the third and fourth generations (V35 and V36) of the Infiniti G have been built, also underpins the Nissan 370Z and has shared components with the Infiniti M, Infiniti EX, and Infiniti FX.

Document 5018631:
2007 Big 12 Championship Game
The 2007 Dr. Pepper Big 12 Championship Game was held on December 1, 2007 at the Alamodome in San Antonio, Texas, and pit the divisional winners from the Big 12 Conference: the Missouri Tigers, winner of the North division against the Oklahoma Sooners, winner of the South division.

Document 7272364:
Francis Boyle, 1st Viscount Shannon
Francis Boyle, 1st Viscount Shannon (1623–1699) was a Privy Counsellor of Ireland and held the office of Governor of County Cork. He was the fourth son of Richard Boyle, 1st Earl of Cork. The Hon. Francis Boyle was created Viscount Shannon in 1660.

Document 7733982:
Freisa
Freisa is a red Italian wine grape variety grown in the Piedmont region of north-west Italy, primarily in Monferrato and in the Langhe, but also further north in the provinces of Turin and Biella. Freisa is a vigorous and productive vine whose round, blue-black grapes are harvested in early October. The three-lobed leaves are relatively small and the bunches are elongated in form. By the 1880s it had become one of the major Piedmontese grapes, and in that period its cultivation was stimulated by the vine’s resistance to the downy mildew caused by the Plasmopara viticola fungus. Wines made from the Freisa grape are red and usually somewhat sweet and lightly sparkling, or foaming. Still and fully sparkling versions are also produced, however, as are dry and more decidedly sweet styles. In the Canavese there is also a rosé which can be made primarily from Freisa according to "Denominazione di origine controllata" (DOC) regulations.

Document 3392353:
Breaking Home Ties
Breaking Home Ties is a painting by American illustrator Norman Rockwell, created for the September 25, 1954, cover of "The Saturday Evening Post". The picture represents a father and son waiting for a train that will take the young man to the state university. The painting, considered by experts to be one of Rockwell's masterworks, is also one of the most widely reproduced, and was voted the second-most popular image in "Post" history.

Document 2504225:
Rishika Sunkara
Rishika Sunkara (born 14 May 1993) is an Indian tennis player. She has won ten titles on the ITF Women's Circuit; two in singles and eight in doubles (4 in 2015 of which 3 were won with Sowjanya Bavisetti). On 9 November 2015, she reached her best singles ranking of world number 441. On 5 August 2013, she peaked at world number 375 in the doubles rankings.

Document 1255573:
Loan modification in the United States
Loan modification is the systematic alteration of mortgage loan agreements that help those having problems making the payments by reducing interest rates, monthly payments or principal balances. Lending institutions could make one or more of these changes to relieve financial pressure on borrowers to prevent the condition of foreclosure. Loan modifications have been practiced in the United States since The 2008 Crash Of The Housing Market from Washington Mutual, Chase Home Finance, Chase, JP Morgan & Chase, other contributors like MER's. Crimes of Mortgage ad Real Estate Staff had long assisted nd finally the squeaky will could not continue as their deviant practices broke the state and crashed. Modification owners either ordered by The United States Department of Housing, The United States IRS or President Obamas letters from Note Holders came to those various departments asking for the Democratic process to help them keep their homes and protection them from explosion. Thus the birth of Modifications. It is yet to date for clarity how theses enforcements came into existence and except b whom, but t is certain that note holders form the Midwest reached out in the Democratic Process for assistance. FBI Mortgage Fraud Department came into existence. Modifications HMAP HARP were also birthed to help note holders get Justice through reduced mortgage by making terms legal. Modification of mortgage terms was introduced by IRS staff addressing the crisis called the HAMP TEAMS that went across the United States desiring the new products to assist homeowners that were victims of predatory lending practices, unethical staff, brokers, attorneys and lenders that contributed to the crash. Modification were a fix to the crash as litigation has ensued as the lenders reorganized and renamed the lending institutions and government agencies are to closely monitor them. Prior to modifications loan holders that experiences crisis would use Loan assumptions and Loan transfers to keep the note in the 1930s. During the Great Depression, loan transfers, loan assumption, and loan bail out programs took place at the state level in an effort to reduce levels of loan foreclosures while the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Federal Trade Commission, Comptroller, the United States Government and State Government responded to lending institution violations of law in these arenas by setting public court records that are legal precedence of such illegal actions. The legal precedents and reporting agencies were created to address the violations of laws to consumers while the Modifications were created to assist the consumers that are victims of predatory lending practices. During the so-called "Great Recession" of the early 21st century, loan modification became a matter of national policy, with various actions taken to alter mortgage loan terms to prevent further economic destabilization. Due to absorbent personal profits nothing has been done to educate Homeowners or Creditors that this money from equity, escrow is truly theirs the Loan Note Holder and it is their monetary rights as the real prize and reason for the Housing Crash was the profit n obtaining the mortgage holders Escrow. The Escrow and Equity that is accursed form the Note Holders payments various staff through the United States claimed as recorded and cashed by all staff in real-estate from local residential Tax Assessing Staff, Real Estate Staff, Ordinance Staff, Police Staff, Brokers, attorneys, lending institutional staff but typically Attorneys who are also typically the owners or Rental properties that are trained through Bankruptcies'. that collect the Escrow that is rightfully the Homeowners but because most Homeowners are unaware of what money is due them and how they can loose their escrow. Most Creditors are unaware that as the note holder that the Note Holder are due a annual or semi annual equity check and again bank or other lending and or legal intuitions staff claim this monies instead. This money Note Holders were unaware of is the prize of real estate and the cause of the Real Estate Crash of 2008 where Lending Institutions provided mortgages to people years prior they know they would eventually loose with Loan holders purchasing Balloon Mortgages lending product that is designed to make fast money off the note holder whom is always typically unaware of their escrow, equity and that are further victimized by conferences and books on HOW TO MAKE MONEY IN REAL STATE - when in fact the money is the Note Holder. The key of the crash was not the House, but the loan product used and the interest and money that was accrued form the note holders that staff too immorally. The immoral and illegal actions of predatory lending station and their staff began with the inception of balloon mortgages although illegal activity has always existed in the arena, yet the crash created "Watch Dog" like HAMP TEAM, IRS, COMPTROLLER< Federal Trade Commission Consumer Protection Bureau, FBI, CIA, Local Police Department, ICE ( The FBI online Computer crime division receives and investigates computer crimes that record keeping staff from title companies, lending institutional staff, legal staff and others created fraudulent documents to change payments and billing of note holders to obtain the money note holders are typically unaware of) and other watch dog agencies came into existence to examine if houses were purchased through a processed check at Government Debited office as many obtained free homes illegally. Many were incarcerated for such illegal actions. Modifications fixed the Notes to proper lower interest, escrow, tax fees that staff typically raised for no reason. Many people from various arenas involved in reals estate have been incarcerated for these actions as well as other illegal actions like charging for a modification. Additionally Modifications were also made to address the falsifications such as inappropriate mortgage charges, filing of fraudulently deeds, reporting of and at times filing of fraudulent mortgages that were already paid off that were fraudulently continued by lenders staff and attorneys or brokers or anyone in the Real Estate Chain through the issues of real estate terms to continue to violate United States Laws, contract law and legal precedence where collusion was often done again to defraud and steal from the Note Holder was such a common practice that was evidence as to why the Mortgage Crash in 2008 occurred for the purpose of wining the prize of stealing form Homeowners and those that foreclosed was actually often purposefully for these monies note holders were unaware of to be obtained which was why Balloon mortgages and loans were given to the staff in the Real Estate Market with the hoper and the expectation that the loan holders would default as it offered opportunity to commit illegal transactions of obtaining the homeowners funds. While such scams were addressed through modifications in 2008. The Market relied heavily on Consumers ignorance to prosper, ignorance of real estate terms, ignorance on what they were to be charged properly for unethical financial gain and while staff in real estates lending arenas mingled terms to deceive y deliberate confusion consumers out of cash and homes while the USA Government provided Justice through President Obamas Inception and IRS Inception of Modifications which addressed these unethical profits in Reals Estate. It was in 2009 that HARP, HAMP and Modifications were introduced to stop the victimization of Note Holders. Taking on the Banks that ran USA Government was a great and dangerous undertaking that made America Great Again as Justice for Consumers reigned. Legal action taken against institutions that have such business practices can be viewed in State Code of Law and Federal Law on precedent cases that are available to the public. Finally, It had been unlawful to be charged by an attorney to modify as well as fro banking staff to modify terms to increase a mortgage and or change lending product to a balloon in an concerted effort to make homeowner foreclose which is also illegal, computer fraud and not the governments intended purpose or definition of a modification.

Document 5119185:
Tony Ford (footballer, born 1944)
Tony Ford (born 26 November 1944) is an English former football player and manager. As a player, he appeared in the Football League for both of Bristol's professional clubs during a career curtailed by injury. As manager, he took brief charge of Third Division club Hereford United and Heart of Midlothian of the Scottish Premier Division.

Document 1048416:
Barter Island LRRS Airport
Barter Island LRRS Airport (IATA: BTI, ICAO: PABA, FAA LID: BTI) is a public/military airport located near the city of Kaktovik on Barter Island, in the North Slope Borough, located 312 mi east of Point Barrow, Alaska. The airport is owned by the North Slope Borough. It is also known as Barter Island Airport or Kaktovik Airport. The acronym LRRS stands for "Long Range Radar Site" or "Long Range Radar Station".

Document 1132864:
LFLS Kaunas
LFLS Kaunas, or Lietuvos Fizinio Lavinimosi Sąjunga Kaunas, was a Lithuanian football club based in Kaunas in the years between World War I and World War II during Lithuania's first period of modern independence. The club was founded in 1919 and was a multicultural squad, which featured four Lithuanians, four Germans, and one player each of English, Jewish, and Serbian descent. It represented Lietuvos fizinio lavinimosi sąjunga ("English: Lithuanian physical education union"). The club installed the first football field and built the first stadium in Kaunas, published the first Lithuanian sports newspaper ("Lietuvos Sportas", since 1922) and established the Lithuanian football league in 1924. LFLS second team was the only Lithuanian football clubs second team which played in the top division during interbellum. It even managed to win third place in 1922.

Document 7894356:
La (Tarzan)
La is a character in Edgar Rice Burroughs's series of Tarzan novels. She first appeared in the second Tarzan novel, "The Return of Tarzan" (1913), and reappeared in the fifth, "Tarzan and the Jewels of Opar" (1916), the ninth, "Tarzan and the Golden Lion" (1923), and the fourteenth, "Tarzan the Invincible" (1930). She is also mentioned in the juvenile Tarzan story "Tarzan and the Tarzan Twins, with Jad-Bal-Ja, the Golden Lion" (1936), the events of which occur between "Tarzan and the Golden Lion" and "Tarzan the Invincible".

Document 8710789:
The Revenge (album)
The Revenge is the second album by Allen/Lande, a collaboration between American singer Russell Allen (known as the vocalist of Symphony X) and Norwegian singer Jørn Lande (mostly known for his work as vocalist of Masterplan), with arrangement and songwriting by Starbreaker guitarist Magnus Karlsson. It is a follow-up to their first album "The Battle" and has a more progressive metal sound than the first album.

Document 4773411:
Mailroute
MailRoute Inc. is an email security provider for "washing" email for viruses and spam. The service works by taking over the role as a middleman in the DNS MX record between the open Internet and the email server. The service also protects against email server outages by temporarily hosting incoming emails until the email server is ready to receive messages again.

Document 3504296:
Woodstock Nation
The term Woodstock Nation refers specifically to the attendees of the original 1969 Woodstock Music and Arts Festival that took place from August 15–17 on the farm of Max Yasgur near Bethel, New York. It comes from the title of a book written later that year by Yippie activist Abbie Hoffman, describing his experiences at the festival.

Document 2320124:
Life and Debt
Life and Debt is a 2001 American documentary film directed by Stephanie Black. It examines the economic and social situation in Jamaica, and specifically the impact thereon of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank's structural adjustment policies. Its starting point is the essay "A Small Place" by Jamaica Kincaid.

Document 1659190:
Insignia Films
Insignia Films is a documentary film company, with its headquarters in New York City. The film company was founded in 1988 by Stephen Ives, with producer Amanda Pollak joining in 2001. Insignia Films has earned a particular reputation as one of the country’s foremost producers of historical documentaries. From America’s conquest of the West to the controversial role of the press in wartime to the amazing career of the Depression-era thoroughbred Seabiscuit, the nation’s history has been repeatedly and vividly brought to life by Insignia’s innovative approach to filmmaking.

Document 4923651:
Marty Sklar
Martin A. "Marty" Sklar (February 6, 1934 – July 27, 2017) was The Walt Disney Company's International Ambassador for Walt Disney Imagineering, the subsidiary of the company which designs and constructs Disney theme parks and resorts across the world. He was formerly Vice President of Concepts and Planning for the company, before being promoted to President, then Vice Chairman and Principal Creative Executive before his final role. Disney honored him with a Disneyland window dedication ceremony on his date of retirement, July 17, 2009.

Document 4048820:
The Blind Side: Evolution of a Game
The Blind Side: Evolution of a Game is a book by Michael Lewis released in 2006 by W. W. Norton & Company. It focuses on American football.

Document 8494118:
Hurling
Hurling (Irish: "iománaíocht" , "iomáint ") is an outdoor team game of ancient Gaelic and Irish origin, administered by the Gaelic Athletic Association (GAA). The game has prehistoric origins, and has been played for 3,000 years. One of Ireland's native Gaelic games, it shares a number of features with Gaelic football, such as the field and goals, the number of players, and much terminology. There is a similar game for women called camogie ("camógaíocht "). It shares a common Gaelic root with the sport of shinty ("camanachd "), which is played predominantly in Scotland.

Document 3133929:
Alone (Marshmello song)
"Alone" is the major-label debut single released by DJ and record producer Marshmello. It was first released in May 2016, then later released as a digital download on June 17, 2016 on iTunes and for streaming on Spotify. Upon its release, it charted on the Canadian Hot 100 and US "Billboard" Hot 100, and its music video has received over 560 million views on YouTube, making it the first Monstercat song to reach this view total and easily making it the label's most popular release.

Document 3474956:
Bam Bam Bigelow
Scott Charles Bigelow (September 1, 1961 – January 19, 2007) was an American professional wrestler, better known by the ring name Bam Bam Bigelow. Recognizable by his close to 400 lb frame and the distinctive flame tattoo that spanned most of his bald head, Bigelow was described by WWE in 2013 as "the most natural, agile and physically remarkable big man of the past quarter century."

Document 3172242:
De Bothezat helicopter
The de Bothezat helicopter, also known as the Jerome-de Bothezat Flying Octopus, was an experimental quadrotor helicopter built for the United States Army Air Service by George de Bothezat in the early 1920s, and was said at the time to be the first successful helicopter. Although its four massive six-bladed rotors allowed the craft to successfully fly, it suffered from complexity, control difficulties, and high pilot workload, and was reportedly only capable of forward flight in a favorable wind. The Army canceled the program in 1924, and the aircraft was scrapped.

Document 6970322:
Arnsberg Forest Nature Park
The Arnsberg Forest Nature Park (German: "Naturpark Arnsberger Wald" ) is a nature park in the districts of Hochsauerlandkreis and Soest within the administrictive region of Arnsberg in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia. The park has an area of 482 km² and its wooded hills are up to  sea level (NN) .

Document 5633596:
Adventure World (amusement park)
Adventure World is a theme park in Perth, Western Australia. It is located in Bibra Lake, 20 km from the CBD. The park opened on 11 November 1982 as "Edgley’s Adventure World" and undergoes a winter closure each year.

Document 5041390:
L-1 Visa Reform Act of 2004
The L-1 Visa Reform Act of 2004, referred to more briefly as the L-1 Reform Act, was a part of Title IV of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2005 (sometimes also called the Omnibus Appropriations Act of 2005) in the United States that focused on changes to regulations governing L-1 visas. The Consolidated Appropriations Act was signed by George W. Bush, then President of the United States, in early December 2004. Title IV of the Consolidated Appropriations Act also included the H-1B Visa Reform Act of 2004, that focused on H-1B visas.

Document 3201179:
Leon Britton
Leon James Britton (born 16 September 1982) is an English professional footballer, who plays for Swansea City. Having joined Swansea on a permanent transfer in 2003, Britton went on to make 270 league appearances for the club over a seven-year span. He joined Sheffield United in the summer of 2010, but transferred back to Swansea in January 2011. Britton instantly became a central figure in Swansea's successful promotion campaign. He remains one of a handful of players to have represented any club in all four professional divisions of the English footballing pyramid, along with Brett Ormerod, and former Swansea teammates Alan Tate and Garry Monk.

Document 7025960:
Craig Patrick
Craig Patrick (born May 20, 1946) is an American former hockey player, coach and general manager, the son of Lynn Patrick and the grandson of Lester Patrick. During the 1980 Winter Olympics, Patrick was the Assistant General Manager and Assistant Coach under Herb Brooks for the United States men's national ice hockey team, which won the gold medal and defeated the Soviet Union in the "Miracle on Ice". From 1989 to 2006, Patrick was the General Manager of the Pittsburgh Penguins where he oversaw back-to-back Stanley Cup championships in 1991 and 1992, as well as the drafting and signing of some players that would later win a Stanley Cup title for the Penguins in 2009.

Document 6139691:
Marian University Marching Band
The Marian University Marching Band, is the official marching band of Marian University in Indianapolis, Indiana. The marching band is the largest student organization on campus and the university's largest for-credit course. Under the leadership of Dr. Sid Hearn, the Marian University Marching Band took the field for the first time on September 19, 2009.

Document 8229436:
American Bank Center
The American Bank Center is an entertainment complex located in Corpus Christi, Texas. The complex consists of an auditorium, convention center and arena. The facility hosts numerous conventions, trade shows, exhibitions, live performances and sporting events. It is home to the Corpus Christi IceRays Tier II Jr. A ice hockey team and the Texas A&M–Corpus Christi Islanders men's and women's NCAA basketball teams. It is owned by the city of Corpus Christi and managed by SMG.

Document 4293083:
Automotive industry in Sweden
The automotive industry in Sweden is mainly associated with passenger car manufacturers Volvo Cars and Saab Automobile but Sweden is also home of two of the largest truck manufacturers in the world: Volvo AB and Scania AB. The automotive industry is heavily dependent on export as some 85 percent of the passenger cars and 95 percent of the heavy vehicles are sold outside of Sweden. The automotive industry and its sub-contractors is a major part of Swedish industry. In 2011 around 110,000 people were employed and the export income of 150 billion SEK accounted for 12 per cent of Sweden’s export income. During 2009 128,738 passenger cars and 27,698 heavy vehicles were built in Sweden.

Document 5957964:
Cachorro López
Gerardo Horacio López von Linden (born March 3, 1956), known professionally as Cachorro López, is an Argentine record producer, musician and songwriter. Born in Buenos Aires, Argentina, he enrolled in various musical ensembles, including Zas and Los Abuelos de la Nada. López has worked with several artists producing their albums, including Caifanes, Stephanie Salas, Andrés Calamaro, Paulina Rubio, Diego Torres and Miranda!. López also was the executive producer of the tribute album for the English band Queen in 1997. His work has been recognized with two Latin Grammy Awards for Producer of the Year in 2006 and 2009, out of four consecutive nominations, and a Grammy Award for producing "Limón y Sal" by Julieta Venegas.

Document 7414059:
Whitley Strieber
Louis Whitley Strieber ( ; born June 13, 1945) is an American writer best known for his horror novels "The Wolfen" and "The Hunger" and for "Communion", a non-fiction account of his alleged experiences with non-human entities. He has maintained a dual career of author of fiction and advocate of alternative concepts through his best-selling non-fiction books, his Unknown Country web site, and his Internet podcast, Dreamland.

Document 7974466:
Noah Adamia
Noah Petrovich Adamiya (Georgian: ნოე ადამია , Noe Adamia; Russian: Ной Петрович Адамия ) (December 21, 1917 – July 3, 1942) was a Soviet sniper of the Soviet Maritime Forces and Hero of the Soviet Union during World War II. He participated in the Sevastopol sniper movement and personally trained about 80 snipers. Adamiya is credited with killing around 300 German soldiers during the Battle of Sevastopol.

Document 7993284:
Ted Weiss Federal Building
The Ted Weiss Federal Building, also known as the Foley Square Federal Building, is a 34-story United States Federal Building located at 290 Broadway in Foley Square in the Civic Center district of Lower Manhattan, New York City. The building, which is adjacent to the African Burial Ground National Monument, was opened in 1995. The building is named for Ted Weiss, deceased Democratic member of the United States House of Representatives from New York.

Document 7428437:
2016 Morgan State Bears football team
The 2016 Morgan State Bears football team represented Morgan State University in the 2016 NCAA Division I FCS football season. They were led by interim head coach Frederick Farrier, who was appointed to the position after Lee Hull accepted a position with the Indianapolis Colts of the National Football League. The Bears played their home games at Hughes Stadium. They were a member of the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference (MEAC). They finished the season 3–8, 3–5 in MEAC play to finish in a three-way tie for seventh place.

Document 4163587:
Vinitsa Cove
Vinitsa Cove (Bulgarian: "залив Виница" , ‘Zaliv Vinitsa’ \'za-liv 'vi-ni-tsa\) is the 3.75 km wide cove indenting for 1.9 km Davis Coast in Graham Land, Antarctica east of Cape Page and west of Havilland Point. The cove is named after the settlement of Vinitsa in Southern Bulgaria.

Document 9983971:
Galemont
Galemont is a historic home located at Broad Run, Fauquier County, Virginia. It was built between 1778 and 1817, as a 1 1/2-story, two-room, stone hall-and-parlor-plan residence with a one-room cellar. It was expanded about 1857, and included Federal / Greek Revival-style details. In 1872, a new I-plan house was built less than 20 feet east of the original house, and connected to make one large, multi-period building with transverse center halls. It was further enlarged in 1903, with a connection to the stone kitchen and two-story wing. The later additions added a Folk Victorian style to the house. Also on the property are the contributing garage, silo, old shed, pond, a fieldstone wall (c. 1824), and two archaeological sites: the 1852 Broad Run Train Depot site and an intact segment of the Thoroughfare Gap Road.

Document 3247776:
Maine's 5th congressional district
Maine's 5th congressional district is a former congressional district in Maine. It was created in 1821 after Maine achieved statehood in 1820. It was eliminated in 1883. Its last congressman was Thompson Henry Murch.

Document 1963702:
Emerald Germs of Ireland
Emerald Germs of Ireland (2001) is a black comedy novel by Irish writer Patrick McCabe. Each chapter is begun with an Irish folk song.

Document 4713173:
Hounsfield Heights/Briar Hill, Calgary
Hounsfield Heights/Briar Hill is an inner suburban neighbourhood in northwest Calgary, Alberta, Canada. Located north of the Hillhurst and West Hillhurst communities, the boundaries of the district are 16th Avenue N (Trans-Canada Highway)to the north; 14th Street W to the east; Lane north of 7th Avenue N to 19th Street W and 8th Avenue N to the south; and Crowchild Trail, 12th Avenue N, Juniper Road, and 22nd Street W to the west. Lions Park C-Train station is located within the community. The community is built on an escarpment and is popular for its views of downtown to the south and the Rocky Mountains to the west.

Document 2484106:
The Promise (Girls Aloud song)
"The Promise" is a single by English-Irish girl group Girls Aloud, taken from their fifth studio album "Out of Control" (2008). The song was written by Charlie Skilling, Brian Higgins and his production team Xenomania. Influenced by Phil Spector and music of the 1960s, "The Promise" is an upbeat love song that was written to announce Girls Aloud as "a supergroup." Upon its release in October 2008, the single became Girls Aloud's fourth number one on the UK Singles Chart, continuing their six-year streak of top ten hits.

Document 3834398:
Army of Condé
The Army of Condé (French: "Armée de Condé" ) was a French field army during the French Revolutionary Wars. One of several émigré field armies, it was the only one to survive the War of the First Coalition; others had been formed by the Comte d'Artois (brother of King Louis XVI) and Mirabeau-Tonneau. The émigré armies were formed by aristocrats and nobles who had fled from the violence in France after the August Decrees. The army was commanded by Louis Joseph de Bourbon, Prince de Condé, the cousin of Louis XVI of France. Among its members were Condé's grandson, the Duc d'Enghien and the two sons of Louis XVI's younger brother, the Comte d'Artois, and so the army was sometimes also called the Princes' Army.

Document 4133483:
888 7th Avenue
888 7th Avenue is a 628 ft (191m) tall modern-style office skyscraper in Midtown Manhattan which was completed in 1969 and has 46 floors. Emery Roth & Sons designed the building, which is tied with Central Park Place for the 65th tallest building in New York City. It currently carries the Vornado Realty Trust corporate headquarters. Previously known as the Arlen Building, its namesake being the company responsible for its construction, Arlen Realty & Development Corporation. The Red Eye Grill is located in the building at street level.

Document 8665812:
Marine chronometer
A marine chronometer is a timepiece that is precise and accurate enough to be used as a portable time standard; it can therefore be used to determine longitude by means of celestial navigation. When first developed in the 18th century, it was a major technical achievement, as accurate knowledge of the time over a long sea voyage is necessary for navigation, lacking electronic or communications aids. The first true chronometer was the life work of one man, John Harrison, spanning 31 years of persistent experimentation and testing that revolutionized naval (and later aerial) navigation and enabling the Age of Discovery and Colonialism to accelerate.

Document 9592367:
Life and Adventures of Four Friends 1/2
Zhizn i priklyucheniya chetyrekh druzei 1/2 (English: Life and Adventures of Four Friends ) (Russian: "Жизнь и приключения четырех друзей 1/2") is a 1980 Russian movie for children and family, about three smart dogs and one cat who eventually become friends and help people. The film is set in Russia. Adapted from the story of the same name by Yusef Printsev and directed by Oleg Yeryshev. The first episode runs 63 minutes, and has two parts: 1. Zakadychnye vragi (aka.. Soulmate enemies), and 2. Nachalo puti (aka.. Beginning of the road). This film is a prequel to Zhizn i priklyucheniya chetyrekh druzei 3/4, released later in 1981. Both films were re-edited in 1994, in St. Petersburg, Russia, and released on VHS and DVD, becoming a popular family entertainment for all ages.

Document 3507382:
Random House Tower
The Random House Tower, also known as the Park Imperial Apartments, is a 52-story mixed-use tower in New York City, United States, that is used as the headquarters of book publisher Random House and a luxury apartment complex. The book publisher entrance is on Broadway and goes up to 27 floors, while the apartment complex entrance is on West 56th Street.

Document 1536003:
South Phoenix
South Phoenix is a region of Phoenix, Arizona, with the boundaries of the Gila River Indian Community to the south and west, 48th Street or Interstate-10 (Phoenix/Tempe and Phoenix/Chandler borders) to the east, and the Salt River to the north. This area includes Phoenix's following Urban Villages: South Mountain Village (aka South Mountain District) along with Laveen Village and Ahwatukee Village. The area is sometimes simply referred to as "the Southside" by its residents. Major arterial east-west streets include Broadway Road, Southern Avenue, Baseline Road, Dobbins Road, Elliott Road, Warner Road, Chandler Boulevard, and Pecos Road, most of which connect South Phoenix with the suburbs of Tempe and Chandler. Major arterial south-north streets include 24th Street, 16th Street, 7th Street, Central Avenue, 7th Avenue, and 19th Avenue connecting South Mountain Village to Central and North Phoenix; 27th Avenue, 35th Avenue, 43rd Avenue, 51st Avenue, 59th Avenue, 67th Avenue, and 75th Avenue connecting Laveen to west Phoenix; and 32nd Street, 40th Street, and 48th Street connecting South Mountain Village to east Phoenix and Tempe.

Document 8608994:
Pontederia cordata
Pontederia cordata, common name pickerelweed (USA) or pickerel weed (UK), is a monocotyledonous aquatic plant native to the American continent. It grows in a variety of wetlands, including pond and lake margins across an extremely large range from eastern Canada south to Argentina. A few examples include northern rivers, the Everglades and Louisiana.

Document 4487272:
Teniente Luis Carvajal Villaroel Antarctic Base
The Teniente Luis Carvajal Villaroel Antarctic Base (Spanish: "Teniente Carvajal" ) is a non-permanent seasonal Chilean Antarctic base located on the south-west tip of Adelaide Island, in Graham Land off the west coast of the Antarctic Peninsula in the Chilean region of Magallanes.

Document 3121867:
Delaware River
The Delaware River is a major river on the Atlantic coast of the United States. It drains an area of 14119 sqmi in five U.S. states—New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Maryland and Delaware. Rising in two branches in New York state's Catskill Mountains, the river flows 419 mi into Delaware Bay where its waters enter the Atlantic Ocean near Cape May in New Jersey and Cape Henlopen in Delaware. Not including Delaware Bay, the river's length including its two branches is 388 mi .

Document 5442135:
Slip coach
A slip coach or slip carriage is a British and Irish railway term for passenger rolling stock that is uncoupled from an express train while the train is in motion, then slowed by a guard in the coach using the brakes, bringing it to a stop at the next station. The coach was thus said to be "slipped" from its train. This allowed passengers to alight at an intermediate station without the main train having to stop, thus improving the journey time of the main train. In an era when the railway companies were highly competitive, they strove to keep journey times as short as possible, avoiding intermediate stops wherever possible.

Document 2609837:
Keykode
Keykode (also written as either KeyKode or KeyCode) is an Eastman Kodak Company advancement on edge numbers, which are letters, numbers and symbols placed at regular intervals along the edge of 35 mm and 16 mm film to allow for frame-by-frame specific identification. It was introduced in 1990.

Document 7137849:
List of Calgary Flames players
The Calgary Flames are a professional ice hockey team based in Calgary, Alberta, Canada. They are members of the Northwest Division of the Western Conference in the National Hockey League (NHL). Since their arrival in 1980, nearly 400 players have worn the Flames jersey for at least one regular season or playoff game. The Flames have won the Stanley Cup once, in 1989, and four players have been elected into the Hockey Hall of Fame; the most recent electee is Al MacInnis, who was enshrined in 2007.

Document 2241975:
Mohammad-Ali Rajai
Mohammad-Ali Rajai (Persian: محمدعلی رجائی‎ ‎ ; 15 June 1933 – 30 August 1981) was the second President of Iran from 2 to 30 August 1981 after serving as prime minister under Abolhassan Banisadr. He was also minister of foreign affairs from 11 March 1981 to 15 August 1981, while he was prime minister. He was assassinated in a bombing on 30 August 1981 along with prime minister Mohammad-Javad Bahonar.

Document 5703613:
Edison Ciavattone
Edison Ciavattone (born 20 September 1938) is an Uruguayan basketball player, born in Montevideo, who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.

Document 7830977:
Naya (singer)
Naya (Arabic: نايا‎ ‎ ) (born April 11, 1992) is a Lebanese singer. In 2009, Eli Dib introduced her to the Arabic music scene. It's also clearly noticeable that this beautiful singer won many people's hearts even till obsession in many cases, after her big success in "Dancing With The Stars season 1", and that can be proved by comments and interractions from fans on her accounts on the social media whether Instagram, Facebook, YouTube and of course Twitter. In October 2015, a video clip showed her drawing a sign similar to a cross sign in a provocative way which media and authorities in the church described it as disrespectful.

Document 3190844:
Lokomotivfabrik Floridsdorf
Lokomotivfabrik Floridsdorf (Floridsdorf locomotive factory) was an Austrian locomotive works founded on 6 September 1869 that achieved a pre-eminent place amongst European locomotive builders thanks to the quality and diversity of its designs.

Document 5472051:
The Process (Skinny Puppy album)
The Process is the eighth studio album by industrial band Skinny Puppy. Many factors complicated the recording of "The Process". The album's producer changed multiple times, from Roli Mosimann to Martin Atkins to Dave Ogilvie. According to cEvin Key, their label, American Recordings, had pressured the band into adopting a more commercial sound or more Industrial metal sound similar to Nine Inch Nails. Following tensions between band members, Nivek Ogre left the band on June 12, 1995. American Recordings decided to drop Skinny Puppy after the release of "The Process". The band's keyboardist, Dwayne Goettel, died of a heroin overdose shortly thereafter on August 23, 1995. Following Dwayne's death, cEvin and Dave completed mixing of "The Process".

Document 7549897:
South Florida Regional Transportation Authority
The South Florida Regional Transportation Authority (SFRTA) is a tri-county public transit authority operating out of Pompano Beach, Florida, serving Miami-Dade, Broward and Palm Beach counties. The organization was created on July 1, 2003 by the Florida Legislature and enacted by the Florida Department of Transportation. Replacing the pre-existing Tri-County Commuter Rail Authority, the goal of incorporation was to expand cooperation between the Tri-Rail commuter rail service and the existing county public transport authorities: Broward County Transit, Miami-Dade Transit, and Palm Tran. Tri-Rail is solely operated by SFRTA.

Document 9380357:
Ultimate Texas Hold'em
Ultimate Texas Hold 'Em (also known as Ultimate Texas holdem and Ultimate Texas Hold'em) is registered trademark of Bally Gaming, Inc. and refers to a reinvented variant of the classic poker game Texas hold 'em. In this variation, the player does not compete against other players. Instead, they play only against the dealer. At any point during the course of the hand, the player is free to make one raise. In this poker-based game (community cards), the earlier the raise is made, the higher its value is.

Document 4278491:
Bedford Avenue (BMT Canarsie Line)
Bedford Avenue is a station on the BMT Canarsie Line of the New York City Subway. Located at the intersection of Bedford Avenue and North Seventh Street in the Brooklyn neighborhood of Williamsburg, it is served by the L train at all times. With an annual total of 9,388,289 passengers for 2015, Bedford Avenue is the busiest subway station in Brooklyn outside of Downtown Brooklyn, as well as the busiest station in Brooklyn served by one subway service.

Document 4406178:
Message to My Mother
"Message to my Mother" is a song written by Hank Williams. It was recorded as a demo in 1951 and released by MGM Records in 1955, two years after its composer's death. It is notable for its length, clocking in at just over four minutes, which is unusual for a Williams song. The song tells the story of a young man on his deathbed imploring those around him to let his long-suffering mother know he has been saved. The song displays a clear Roy Acuff influence, whose songs with similar themes had a profound influence on a young Williams.

Document 3530604:
Asier Benito
Asier Benito Sasiain (born 11 February 1995) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Bilbao Athletic as a forward.

Document 2951927:
Homegrown Player Rule (England)
The Homegrown Player Rule has been an initiative in England and the Premier League to allow for more domestic, English players to be a brought up from a younger age in hopes of creating more talented English players. Currently, the Premier League does not have a maximum restriction on the number of foreign players allowed on a team, but does require at least eight homegrown players. Greg Dyke, new chairman of the Football Association (FA), wants to implement much stronger regulation of foreign players. His intention is clear as stated in an op-ed piece so that England can win the 2022 World Cup in Qatar. Some of Dyke’s propositions include: homegrown players in a top-flight 25-man first-team squad be increased from eight to 12 two of which must be brought up in the teams youth system, and also changing the definition of what it is to be a homegrown player. Currently, to be classified as homegrown one must be on an English team for at least three years before the age of twenty-one in which Dyke would like to reduce to eighteen years. This would mean a teenager would have to be with the club at a maximum age of fifteen and players are not allowed to move across national boundaries, even European Union boundaries, before 16. Meaning such that, if a foreign player joined an English youth academy at sixteen, in three years time he would be nineteen. Thus said player failing to qualify as a homegrown player due to the fact he would be older than eighteen. This has become such a hot topic is because there are currently a group of players who have played 309 international games between them but none of them for England. While there is currently a list of foreign players, to show the disparity of homegrown players versus foreign players on any given team, the below picture will illustrate such ideas, SkySports hosts an image detailing the number of homegrown players in each Premier League team. With an apparent low number of English Players on some teams, especially the larger clubs, this "New York Times" graph in the article further outlines the disparity between table standings if the only goals scored in season counted were those scored by English players.

Document 2701408:
Book of Revelation
The Book of Revelation, often called the Revelation to John, the Apocalypse of John, The Revelation, or simply Revelation or Apocalypse, is a book of the New Testament that occupies a central place in Christian eschatology. Its title is derived from the first word of the text, written in Koine Greek: "apokalypsis", meaning "unveiling" or "revelation" (before title pages and titles, books were commonly known by their first words, as is also the case of the Hebrew Five Books of Moses (Torah)). The Book of Revelation is the only apocalyptic document in the New Testament canon (although there are short apocalyptic passages in various places in the Gospels and the Epistles).

Document 8610402:
Fabio Vittorini
Fabio Vittorini (born 19 December 1971) is an Italian literary critic, currently Professor of Comparative Literature at IULM University of Milan (Italy) He is known for his studies on melodrama and on Italo Svevo. He has written many academic texts and essays.

Document 1384496:
AIR Charts
The AIR Charts are the official sales charts for Australian independent music released by Australian owned, independent record labels. Presented by AIR, the Australian Independent Record Labels Association, the charts are calculated according to official sales figures provided by the ARIA Charts, which includes legal MP3 download sales.

Document 7487065:
Sam Kogan
Sam Kogan (22 October 1946 – 11 November 2004) was a Russian actor, director, and acting teacher. He is best known for developing and establishing an acting technique that he called "The Science of Acting." He founded The Kogan Academy of Dramatic Arts (formerly The Academy of the Science of Acting and Directing) and The School of the Science of Acting, in London in 1991. He also wrote the book "The Science of Acting", which was edited by his daughter, Helen Kogan.

Document 6420659:
Elizabeth George Speare
Elizabeth George Speare (November 21, 1908 – November 15, 1994) was an American writer of children's books, best known for historical novels including two Newbery Medal winners. She has been called one of America's 100 most popular writers for children and some of her work has become mandatory reading in many schools throughout the nation. Indeed, because her books have sold so well she is also cited as one of the Educational Paperback Association's top 100 authors.

Document 6313929:
Zé Ramalho Canta Jackson do Pandeiro
Zé Ramalho Canta Jackson do Pandeiro is the fourth tribute album by Brazilian solo artist Zé Ramalho, the third consecutive one. This time, he pays a tribute to his influence Jackson do Pandeiro.

Document 2468649:
Central Studios
Central Studios was a motion picture movie studio in Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu, India, started by B.Rangaswamy Naidu (a.k.a. B. R. Naidu) and other prominent industrialists like Swamikannu Vincent of Coimbatore in 1935 to make Tamil and other South Indian language movies. The Studio was a major hub of Tamil Movie production and notable for many early day Tamil Movie Superstars starting and spending their early part of career in this Studio.

Document 6086796:
Days of Our Own
Days of Our Own is a 2016 Chinese coming-of-age drama film directed by Joe Ma and Liu Hai and starring Zanilia Zhao, Kimi Qiao, Emma Wu, , Van Fan and Feng Mingchao. It was released in China on September 2, 2016.

Document 1685796:
Shout It Out (Hanson album)
Shout It Out is the fifth studio album released by American pop band Hanson. The album is the third release through their own label 3CG Records.

Document 7675380:
List of companies of Armenia
Armenia is a sovereign state in the South Caucasus region of Eurasia. Located in Western Asia, on the Armenian Highland, it is bordered by Turkey to the west, Georgia to the north, the "de facto" independent Nagorno-Karabakh Republic and Azerbaijan to the east, and Iran and Azerbaijan's exclave of Nakhchivan to the south.

Document 1680808:
Humphrey de Bohun, 7th Earl of Hereford
Humphrey de Bohun, 7th Earl of Hereford, 6th Earl of Essex, 2nd Earl of Northampton, KG (25 March 1341 – 16 January 1373) was the son of William de Bohun, 1st Earl of Northampton and Elizabeth de Badlesmere, and grandson of Humphrey de Bohun, 4th Earl of Hereford by Elizabeth of Rhuddlan, daughter of King Edward I. He became heir to the Earldom of Hereford after the death of his childless uncle Humphrey de Bohun, 6th Earl of Hereford.

Document 9167952:
Public Bank F.C.
Public Bank Football Club or Public Bank FC is a now defunct football club from Malaysia, based in Selayang, Selangor. The club home ground is the Majlis Perbandaran Selayang Stadium. The club formerly play in Malaysia Super League before pulled from the league after the end of 2005 season.

Document 5423643:
Sonic the Comic
Sonic the Comic, known to its many readers as "STC", was a British children's comic published fortnightly by Fleetway Editions (the merged companies Fleetway and London Editions, which progressively became integrated with its parent company Egmont until it became known as Egmont Magazines) between 1993 and 2002. It was the UK's official Sega comic, featuring stories about its mascot Sonic the Hedgehog and related characters, as well as comic strips based on other Sega video games. The comic received praise from fans and has since then gained a loyal cult following.

Document 9444612:
This Happy Breed (film)
This Happy Breed is a 1944 British Technicolor drama film directed by David Lean. The screenplay by Lean, Anthony Havelock-Allan and Ronald Neame is based on the 1939 play of the same title by Noël Coward. The title, a reference to the English people, is a phrase from John of Gaunt's monologue in Act II, Scene 1 of William Shakespeare's "Richard II". (Laurence Olivier provides the uncredited introductory narration.)

Document 7464938:
Haig Patigian
Haig Patigian (Armenian: Հայկ Բադիկեան ; January 22, 1876 – September 19, 1950), was an Armenian-American sculptor

Document 2419946:
Tera Mera Ki Rishta
Tera Mera Ki Rishta is a Punjabi film, starring Jimmy Shergill and Kulraj Randhawa in the main lead. Rest of the cast includes Anupam Kher, Raj Babbar, Archana Puran Singh, Gurpreet Ghuggi, Binnu Dhillon, Rana Ranbir, Balkaran Brar, Tee Jay Sidhu, Dolly Minhas and Akshita. The Movie was released worldwide on 10 April 2009 and had earned $108,741 in first two weeks. The movie was shot by Spice Cine Vision Studios and was distributed by Eros International. The movie was stated to be the costliest Punjabi movie ever made and was the first Punjabi movie to be shot in Switzerland. Tera Mera Ki Rishta was also the first Punjabi Movie to be promoted online by www.punjabiportal.com and an official movie launch center website was also introduced. This movie is the remake of super hit Telugu movie Nuvvostanante Nenoddantana

Document 8922002:
Jonathan Penner
Jonathan Lindsay Penner (born March 5, 1962) is an American actor, writer and film producer known for producing and starring in "The Last Supper", as well as acting in the television series "Rude Awakening" and "The Naked Truth". He is also known for his multiple appearances on the American competitive reality series "Survivor"

Document 5273756:
Western Canada High School
Western Canada High School (WCHS) is a public senior high school in Calgary, Alberta, Canada. It has classes for grades 10 through 12. Western is located in the 17th Avenue business district of the Lower Mount Royal community, and is the most centrally located public high school in Calgary. It is the top academic public high school in Calgary.

Document 4254164:
2001–02 FC Barcelona season
Futbol Club Barcelona's 2001–02 season was to be the last but one under the guidance of Joan Gaspart as president and the single season of management by Carles Rexach at Barcelona. It was also the first season after long-serving captain Josep Guardiola moved on from the club. Veteran players like Sergi Barjuán, Abelardo and the talismanic Rivaldo would play their final years at the club before a summer of change. The club attained a respectable fourth place in the league, 11 points below eventual winners Valencia, as well as reaching the semi-finals of the UEFA Champions League. Patrick Kluivert was the club's top scorer in all competitions, with 25 goals.

Document 7641644:
Robin Fontes
Robin L. Fontes is a United States Army major general. In July 2017 she took command of Combined Security Transition Command – Afghanistan, becoming the highest-ranking female military officer in Afghanistan since the American invasion of that country in 2001. A mustang officer, Fontes was commissioned in 1986 and focused on Central Asia, eventually serving in Tajikistan, Pakistan, and India, including a few years in Afghanistan. She assumed her current position after the resignation of Michael Flynn from the Trump Administration ended her announced role as senior director for India, Pakistan and Central Asian Affairs on the United States National Security Council.

Document 8381477:
Halny
Halny is a foehn wind that blows in southern Poland and in Slovakia in the Tatra Mountains of the Carpathians. The most turbulent halny blows in Podhale region of southern Poland, coming from the South, down the slopes of the Tatra Mountains; in Slovakia, on the other side of the mountains, it comes from the North.

Document 4762206:
Lynn J. Rothschild
Lynn Justine Rothschild (born May 11, 1957) is an evolutionary biologist and astrobiologist at NASA's Ames Research Center, and was a consulting Professor at Stanford University, where she taught Astrobiology and Space Exploration. She is an adjunct professor at Brown University and the University of California, Santa Cruz. At Ames, her research has focused on how life, particularly microbes, has evolved in the context of the physical environment, both on Earth and potentially beyond our planet's boundaries. Since 2007 she has studied the effect of UV radiation on DNA synthesis, carbon metabolism and mutation/DNA repair in the Rift Valley of Kenya and the Bolivian Andes, and also in high altitude experiments atop Mt. Everest, in balloon payloads with BioLaunch. Currently she is the principal investigator of a synthetic biology payload on an upcoming satellite mission.

Document 2014091:
Chris Gerolmo
Chris Gerolmo is a Golden Globe nominated screenwriter, director, and singer-songwriter best known for writing the screenplay for the multi-Academy Award nominated film "Mississippi Burning" and the less successful "Miles from Home" starring Richard Gere.

Document 4109904:
Prostitute (Toyah album)
Prostitute is Toyah Willcox's 1988 album. It is a concept album and highly experimental in nature, marking a considerable divergence from previous works. It is uncompromising in its style, and is presented as a continuous piece of music, although the notes in the CD version indicate "...to enable the listener to access a particular title a time-code programme has been provided". To accommodate the two-sided format of the LP and cassette releases, side one--subtitled "Lie Down"--contains the first seven titles, and side two--subtitled "And Think of England"--contains the rest of the album. No singles were drawn from the album.

Document 2645611:
Norifumi Yamamoto
Norifumi "Kid" Yamamoto (山本徳郁 , Yamamoto Norifumi , born March 15, 1977) is a Japanese mixed martial artist and kickboxer who competes in the Bantamweight division of the UFC. He quickly gained popularity in the Shooto organization due to his aggressive, well-rounded style and controversial persona. He moved on to K-1 HERO'S, where he became the K-1 HERO's 2005 Middleweight Grand Prix Tournament Champion in December, 2005 after defeating Genki Sudo via a controversial TKO due to punches.

Document 6378128:
Bofors 57 mm m/54 anti-aircraft gun
The Bofors 57 mm m/54 was a wheeled automatic anti-aircraft gun for land based use produced by Bofors and developed from the similar Bofors Model 1950 57 mm shipboard anti-aircraft gun. The gun was developed in the 1950s and fielded by the Belgian and Swedish forces. In Swedish service, the gun was known as the "57 mm lvakan m/54".

Document 4305807:
Three Lakes (CDP), Wisconsin
Three Lakes is an unincorporated census-designated place located in the town of Three Lakes, Oneida County, Wisconsin, United States. Three Lakes is located at the junction of U.S. Route 45 and Wisconsin Highway 32 9 mi south-southeast of Eagle River. Three Lakes has a post office with ZIP code 54562. As of the 2010 census, its population is 605.

Document 5544184:
Albert Franklin Banta
Albert Franklin Banta (December 18, 1843 – June 21, 1924) was an American newspaperman, politician, jurist, and army scout. As a scout, he was a member of the Wheeler Survey and assisted General George Crook during the Apache Wars. Banta was influential in the creation of Apache County, Arizona and later represented the county in the Arizona Territorial Legislature. As a newspaperman, he started and operated a number of papers throughout Arizona Territory.

Document 9378197:
Jan Sardi
Jan Sardi is an Australian screenwriter. In 1997 he was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Writing (Original Screenplay), for "Shine". He has also written and directed "Love's Brother", an adaptation of the Pre-Code movie A Lady to Love (1930), and adapted "The Notebook", based on a novel by Nicholas Sparks.

Document 9875180:
George Savalas
Georgios Demosthenes "George" Savalas (Greek: Γεώργιος Δημοσθένης Σαβάλας ) (December 5, 1924 – October 2, 1985) was a Greek-American actor. He was the younger brother of actor Telly Savalas, with whom he acted in the popular 1970s TV crime series "Kojak".

Document 7837787:
Joel Lehtonen
Joel Lehtonen (11 November 1881 – 20 November 1934) was a Finnish author, translator, critic and journalist. He was born in Sääminki (now part of Savonlinna). His childhood was fatherless and poverty-stricken, his mother suffered from mental frailties and Joel himself was forced into paupery. Joel's foster mother supported his schooling and Lehtonen was able to study literature for a few years in the University of Helsinki, but dropped out without completing a degree.

Document 1850733:
Die Horen (Schiller)
Die Horen ("The Horae") was a monthly German literary journal published from 1795 to 1797. It was printed by the Cotta publishing house in Tübingen and edited and run by Friedrich Schiller. Many and partially antagonistic prominent figures in German culture of the time contributed, among them Johann Jakob Engel, Fichte, Goethe, Herder, Alexander von Humboldt, Wilhelm von Humboldt, Friedrich Heinrich Jacobi, Johann Heinrich Meyer, August Wilhelm Schlegel, and Karl Ludwig von Woltmann. The journal formed the cornerstone of Weimar Classicism and exerted a great influence onto German intellectual history.

Document 3140448:
Tom Brown's Schooldays (film)
The Thomas Hughes novel Tom Brown's Schooldays has inspired several film and television adaptations:

Document 7455972:
Unifight
Unifight (or Universal Fight) is a competitive training system with military applications. The competition is formed of two consecutive stages: the first stage is an obstacle course with close quarters battle - any missed obstacle disqualifies the contestant; the second stage is a bout of full contact hand to hand combat.

Document 5505739:
Human trafficking in Rwanda
Rwanda is a source and, to a lesser extent, destination country for women and children subjected to trafficking in persons, specifically conditions of forced labor and commercial sexual exploitation. Rwandan girls are exploited in involuntary domestic servitude within the country; some of these children experience physical or sexual abuse within their employer’s household. Older females offer vulnerable younger girls room and board, eventually pushing them into prostitution to pay for their keep. In limited cases, this trafficking is facilitated by women who supply females to clients or by loosely organized prostitution networks, some operating in secondary schools and universities. Rwandan children are also trafficked to Uganda, Tanzania, and other countries in the region for forced agricultural labor, commercial sexual exploitation, and domestic servitude, sometimes after being recruited by peers. In Rwanda there have been reports of isolated cases involving child trafficking victims from neighboring countries. Unlike in past years, there was no indication in 2009 that the National Congress for the Defense of the People (CNDP) duped or recruited Congolese men and boys from Rwanda-based refugee camps, as well as Rwandans from nearby towns, into forced labor and soldiering in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.

Document 3055876:
Comic Perversion
Comic Perversion is an episode of crime drama . This episode is the fifteenth episode of the fifteenth season. The episode features a comedian who makes jokes about rape and is then put on trial after it emerges that he rapes a woman. Other things that happen in the episode is Chicago P.D. character Erin Lindsay visits the Manhattan Special Victims Unit to get information on rapes that are happening in Chicago. This episode continued in Chicago P.D. episode "Conventions".

Document 6628171:
Malignant (film)
Malignant is a 2013 American horror film written and directed by Brian Avenet-Bradley. It stars Gary Carins and Brad Dourif as a patient who undergoes involuntary treatment to cure his alcoholism and the mad doctor who performs it, respectively.

Document 3002052:
Daman Singh
Daman Singh is an Indian writer and daughter of Former Prime Minister of India, Manmohan Singh.

Document 2970838:
Minden City, Michigan
Minden City is a village in Sanilac County of the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 197 at the 2010 census. The village is located within Minden Township. It has possessed a post office since 1862 (named "Minden" until 1883).

Document 2326719:
The First Film
The First Film is a 2015 British documentary film about cinema pioneer Louis Le Prince, made by David Nicholas Wilkinson. It asserts that Le Prince, rather than the Lumiere brothers, was the true inventor of moving pictures, making his first film in Leeds in 1888 before his mysterious disappearance in 1890.

Document 1469584:
Manga Time Kirara Forward
Manga Time Kirara Forward (まんがタイムきららフォワード , Manga Taimu Kirara Fowādo ) is a Japanese seinen manga magazine published by Houbunsha. The magazine is sold monthly on the twenty-fourth. "Forward" was the fourth magazine in the "Manga Time Kirara" line to be published, the first three being: "Manga Time Kirara", "Manga Time Kirara Carat", and "Manga Time Kirara Max". "Forward" was first published on March 23, 2006.

Document 4660281:
Listed buildings in Wrenbury cum Frith
Fourteen buildings and other structures in the English civil parish of Wrenbury cum Frith have been officially designated as listed buildings for their "special architectural and historic interest". Three of the listed buildings are classified as being in grade II* and the remainder in grade II; the parish has no grade-I-listed buildings.

Document 6767837:
Bunny McBride
Carol Ann (Bunny) McBride is an American author of a wide range of nonfiction books on subjects ranging from cultural survival and wildlife conservation to Native Americans. Her most recent ethnohistory book is "Indians in Eden: Wabanakis and Rusticators on Maine's Mt.Desert Island" (Down East Books, 2009). Throughout the 1970s and 1980s, she regularly published her poetry and essays in the "Christian Science Monitor", and reported on her travels in China, West Africa, East Africa, and northern Europe. Her articles appeared in various US newspapers and magazines, including the "Washington Post", "Boston Globe", "Chicago Tribune," "International Wildlife", "Travel & Leisure", "Sierra", "Yankee Magazine," "Downeast," and "Reader's Digest." From 1981 on, she was actively involved in oral history and community development projects with Micmac Indians in Maine.

Document 6684715:
Steven Pienaar
Steven Jerome Pienaar (] ; born 17 March 1982) is a South African professional footballer who plays for Bidvest Wits and was captain of the South African national team until October 2012. He primarily plays as a winger, but can also play as an attacking midfielder. Pienaar has previously played for Ajax Cape Town, Ajax, Borussia Dortmund, Everton and Tottenham Hotspur.

Document 3259717:
Zygnematales
The Zygnematales (Greek: ζυγός ("zygós") and νῆμα ("nḗma") (nom.), νήματος ("nḗmatos") (gen.)), also called the Conjugatales, are an order of green algae, comprising several thousand different species in two families. The larger family Zygnemataceae, with well-known genera such as "Zygnema" and "Spirogyra", includes members that grow as unbranched filaments, which grow longer through normal cell division. The smaller family Mesotaeniaceae includes the saccoderm "desmids", a group of unicellular species that were formerly classified with the "true" desmids. Most members of both families live in freshwater, and form an important component of the algal scum that grows on or near plants, rocks, and various debris.

Document 9355506:
Badger Daylighting
Badger Daylighting is a publicly traded Canadian company. The company was founded in 1992 and is headquartered in Calgary, Alberta. It is best known for being North America's largest provider of non-destructive hydrovac excavation to North America. Badger Daylighting is also the manufacturer and operator of hydrovac trucks. Paul J. Vanderberg is the company's president and CEO since August 15, 2016. By the end of 2015, the company's customer base was 38% oil and gas and 62% utility and municipality.

Document 9523590:
Musqueam Indian Band
The Musqueam Indian Band (Halkomelem: "xʷməθkʷəy̓əm" ] ) is a First Nations band government in the Canadian province of British Columbia and is the only First Nations band whose reserve community lies within the boundaries of the City of Vancouver.

Document 5025343:
Glass Mask (TV series)
Glass Mask () is a 2012 South Korean television series starring Seo Woo, Lee Ji-hoon, Park Jin-woo, and Kim Yoon-seo. It aired on tvN, premiering on September 3, 2012 on Mondays to Thursdays at 21:45 (KST) time slot.

Document 3669613:
Louisiana Highway 46
Louisiana Highway 46 (LA 46) is a state highway in Louisiana that serves Orleans and St. Bernard Parishes. It runs a west to east direction for a total length of 29.5 mi . It is demarcated as Elysian Fields Avenue and St. Claude Avenue in the city of New Orleans and as St. Bernard Highway, Bayou Road, East Judge Perez Drive, Florissant Highway and Yscloskey Highway in St. Bernard Parish. The highway is recognized by the United States Department of Transportation as San Bernardo Scenic Byway.

Document 7597744:
Cleveland Williams
Cleveland "Big Cat" Williams (June 6, 1933 – September 3, 1999) was an American heavyweight boxer who fought in the 1950s through the 1970s. A "Ring Magazine" poll once rated him as one of the finest boxers never to win a title. He made an imposing figure, tall with an impressive athletic broad shouldered build.

Document 5019776:
Tinto Brass
Giovanni "Tinto" Brass (born 26 March 1933) is an Italian filmmaker. In the 1960s and 1970s, he directed many critically acclaimed avant-garde films of various genres. Today, he is mainly known for his later work in the erotic genre, with films such as "Caligula", "Così fan tutte" (released under the English title "All Ladies Do It"), "Paprika", "Monella" ("Frivolous Lola") and "Trasgredire".
