Below are some documents. I will give you a text at the end. Please find the document index of the text. Only give me the index without any document contents.

Document 4104255:
Chapman B. Cox
Chapman Beecher Cox (born 1940) was United States Assistant Secretary of the Navy (Manpower and Reserve Affairs) in the first term of the Reagan Administration and General Counsel of the United States Department of Defense during Reagan's second term.

Document 3459356:
Ismail Easa
Ismail Easa (born 19 December 1989) is a Maldivian footballer nicknamed ""Messi"", who is currently playing for New Radiant Sports Club.

Document 2654861:
League of the South
The League of the South is a white nationalist and white supremacist organization, headquartered in Killen, Alabama, which states that its ultimate goal is "a free and independent Southern republic". The group defines the Southern United States as the states that made up the former Confederacy. It claims to be also a religious and social movement, advocating a return to a more traditionally conservative, Christian-oriented Southern culture. It advocates a "natural societal order of superiors and subordinates", using as an example, "Christ is the head of His Church; husbands are the heads of their families; parents are placed over their children; employers rank above their employees; the teacher is superior to his students, etc."

Document 2208776:
Jerry Kilgore (politician)
Jerry Walter Kilgore (born August 23, 1961) is an American attorney, politician and member of the Republican Party. He served as the Attorney General of Virginia from 2002 to 2005 and was the Republican nominee for Governor of Virginia in 2005, losing to Democratic nominee Tim Kaine. He is a partner with the law firm Cozen O'Connor and is a member of the firm's leading State Attorneys General practice in Washington, D.C. He also serves as finance chairman of the Republican Party of Virginia.

Document 1353115:
Wee Willie Harris
Wee Willie Harris (born Charles William Harris, 25 March 1933, Bermondsey, London) is an English rock and roll singer. He is best known for his energetic stage shows and TV performances since the 1950s, when he was known as "Britain's wild man of rock 'n' roll".

Document 6059400:
William Matthew Byrne Jr.
William Matthew Byrne Jr. (September 3, 1930 – January 14, 2006) was a federal judge of the United States District Court for the Central District of California. He was best known for presiding over the trial of Pentagon Papers defendant Daniel Ellsberg.

Document 6752873:
The Grohl Sessions, Vol. 1
The Grohl Sessions, Vol. 1 is an extended play which was released by the Zac Brown Band on December 10, 2013. Originally released only to digital retailers, it was physically released on May 19, 2014. The physical release includes a 45-minute DVD on the creation of the album. Included on the album is the single "All Alright", which was sent to radio on April 28, 2014.

Document 2743531:
Winteringham railway station
Winteringham railway station was built by the North Lindsey Light Railway in Winteringham, Lincolnshire, England and opened for public service on 15 July 1907 although the first train, a village sports club special, had run two days previously.

Document 1174620:
Apollonius of Rhodes
Apollonius of Rhodes (Ancient Greek: Ἀπολλώνιος Ῥόδιος "Apollṓnios Rhódios"; Latin: "Apollonius Rhodius" ; fl. first half of 3rd century BCE), was an ancient Greek author, best known for the "Argonautica", an epic poem about Jason and the Argonauts and their quest for the Golden Fleece. The poem is one of the few extant examples of the epic genre and it was both innovative and influential, providing Ptolemaic Egypt with a "cultural mnemonic" or national "archive of images", and offering the Latin poets Virgil and Gaius Valerius Flaccus a model for their own epics. His other poems, which survive only in small fragments, concerned the beginnings or foundations of cities, such as Alexandria and Cnidusplaces of interest to the Ptolemies, whom he served as a scholar and librarian at the Library of Alexandria. A literary dispute with Callimachus, another Alexandrian librarian/poet, is a topic much discussed by modern scholars since it is thought to give some insight into their poetry, although there is very little evidence that there ever was such a dispute between the two men. In fact almost nothing at all is known about Apollonius and even his connection with Rhodes is a matter for speculation. Once considered a mere imitator of Homer, and therefore a failure as a poet, his reputation has been enhanced by recent studies, with an emphasis on the special characteristics of Hellenistic poets as scholarly heirs of a long literary tradition writing at a unique time in history.

Document 9614893:
Junos OS
Junos OS (more formally Juniper Network Operating System) is the FreeBSD-based operating system used in Juniper Networks hardware routers. It is an operating system that is used in Juniper's routing, switching and security devices. Juniper offers a Software Development Kit (SDK) to partners and customers to allow additional customization. The biggest competitor of Junos is Cisco Systems' IOS.

Document 2985599:
Gena Löfstrand
Gena Löfstrand (born 23 October 1995) is a South African middle-distance runner competing primarily in the 800 metres. She represented her country in the 800 metres at the 2017 World Championships reaching the semifinals.

Document 9544273:
Mira Quien Baila (U.S. season 5)
¡Mira Quien Baila! (also known as Mira Quien Baila 2017 and Mira Quien Baila 5) will premiere on Univision on September 17, 2017 at 8pm/7c. The TV series is the Spanish version of British version "Strictly Come Dancing" and American version "Dancing with the Stars". Ten celebrities are paired with ten professional ballroom dancers. The winner will receive $50,000 for their charity. Javier Poza and Chiquinquirá Delgado return as the show's hosts.

Document 7613533:
SS Red Oak Victory
SS "Red Oak Victory" is a U.S. military Victory ship of the "Boulder Victory"-class cargo ship used in the Second World War. She was preserved to serve as a museum ship in Richmond, California, and is part of the Rosie the Riveter/World War II Home Front National Historical Park. She was one of 534 Victories built during World War II, but one of only a few of these ships to be transferred from the Merchant Marine to the United States Navy. She was named after Red Oak, Iowa, which suffered a disproportionate number of casualties in early World War II battles. (Montgomery County ranked third among Iowa counties in World War II casualties per capita). The ship was active during World War II, the Korean War, and the Vietnam War.

Document 1733836:
Samuel J. Randall
Samuel Jackson Randall (October 10, 1828 – April 13, 1890) was a Democratic member of the United States House of Representatives from Pennsylvania in the late 19th century. He served as the 29th Speaker of the House and was twice a contender for his party's nomination for President of the United States.

Document 4696630:
Waltheof, Earl of Dunbar
Waltheof (died 1182), Earl of Lothian or "Dunbar" and lord of Beanley, was a 12th-century Anglo-Scottish noble. He was the eldest son of Gospatric III, Earl of Lothian by his Scottish wife Deirdre.

Document 2258048:
The Reenactment
The Reenactment (Romanian: 'Reconstituirea' ), also known as Reconstruction, is a 1968 black-and-white film by Romanian director Lucian Pintilie. It is based on a novel by Horia Pătraşcu, which in turn reflects real-life events witnessed by the author. Produced under the communist regime, which it indirectly criticizes, it is a tragicomedy about incompetence, indifference and misuse of power. Structured as a film within a film and largely shot as a mockumentary, "The Reenactment" stars George Constantin as a prosecutor who keeps in custody two minor delinquents, Vuică and Nicu, played respectively by George Mihăiţă and Vladimir Găitan. He makes them reenact their drunken brawl at a restaurant, and is helped in this effort by the militiaman Dumitrescu (played by Ernest Maftei) and a film crew. Two bystanders watch upon the youngsters' degradation at the hands of the prosecutor. They are The Miss ("Domnişoara" in the original), played by Ileana Popovici, who is amused by the succession of events, and the pedantic alcoholic Paveliu (Emil Botta).

Document 4997208:
86-DOS
86-DOS is a discontinued operating system developed and marketed by Seattle Computer Products (SCP) for its Intel 8086-based computer kit. Initially known as QDOS (Quick and Dirty Operating System) the name was changed to 86-DOS once SCP started licensing the operating system in 1980.

Document 8955730:
Savarin mould
The savarin mould is a large ring shaped mould, designed originally with an accompanying gâteau recipe in mind. It was created by the Julien brothers, Parisian pastry chefs who owned Julien Frères, a respected pastry shop in Paris in the mid 19th century. The name Savarin is given in honour of Jean Anthelme Brillat-Savarin, the famous French gourmet, who gave Auguste Julien the recipe for the rum syrup used in the original Savarin Gâteau. The moulds are in modern times, however, used for many preparations, sweet and savoury, including meat, seafood, and vegetable dishes, as well as cakes, breads, mousses and jellies.

Document 2281267:
Divine Trash
Divine Trash is a 1998 documentary film directed by Steve Yeager about the life and work of John Waters.

Document 2422780:
Niclas Gillis
Niclas Gillis (born April 20, 1989) is a Swedish writer, director, producer, actor and editor, as well as the founder and CEO of The Collectif. As a director, he is known for his intimate human depictions, austere sensibility, and dark tone; most notably Hold Me Down (2017) and the Nike: “I, David” campaign. He had his first starring role as an actor in The Ape (2009), directed by Jesper Ganslandt; and plays the leading role in Pool (2018), based on the novel by Per Hagman.

Document 4471618:
Chickamauga Cherokee
The Chickamauga Cherokee were a group that separated from the greater body of the Cherokee tribes during the American Revolution. The majority of the Cherokee people wished to make peace with the American rebels near the end of 1776 following several military setbacks and the reprisals that followed. The "Chickamauga" followers of headman, Dragging Canoe, moved with him down the Tennessee River away from their historic Overhill Cherokee towns in the winter of 1776–1777. Relocated in a more isolated area, they established eleven new towns in order to gain distance from colonists' encroachments. The frontier Americans associated Dragging Canoe and his band with their new town on the Chickamauga Creek, and began to refer to them as the "Chickamaugas." Five years later, the Cherokee once more moved further west and southwest into what is now called Alabama, establishing five larger settlements. They were then more commonly known as the "Lower Cherokee". This term was closely associated with the people of these "Five Lower Towns".

Document 3965125:
Danny Wen
Danny Wen (, born February 22, 1967) is a Taiwan-based travel and food writer, TV host and Radio host. He has released 20 Chinese travel books, guidebooks and cookbooks in the past ten years and named one of bestseller author in Taiwan market. In 2011, Danny Wen has become the first ever Taiwanese travel writer been invited to Office of President Republic of China, Taiwan. In 2012, two pieces of his articles have been selected by board of education of Taiwan as teaching material in Chinese literature textbook. In 2015, he also received the prestigious award Taiwan 50th Golden Bell Award as best radio host.

Document 9376038:
Friday Harbor High School
Friday Harbor High School is a four-year public high school located in Friday Harbor, Washington, USA. It is the only public high school on San Juan Island.

Document 2571875:
Republican Party of Guam
The Republican Party of Guam, commonly referred to as Guam GOP (abbreviation for Guam Grand Old Party), is a political party in Guam affiliated with the United States Republican Party.

Document 5692416:
Lost in Yonkers (film)
Lost in Yonkers is a 1993 film adaptation of Neil Simon's Pulitzer Prize-winning play of the same name, directed by Martha Coolidge. It stars Irene Worth, Mercedes Ruehl, and Richard Dreyfuss. It was the first theatrical feature film to be edited on Avid Media Composer.

Document 8029723:
Neil Hennessy
Neil Kevin Hennessy (born December 12, 1978) is a punk rock musician and music producer/engineer from Chicago, Illinois.

Document 1937435:
Gervase Hughes
Gervase Alfred Booth Hughes (1 September 1905 – July 1984) was an English composer, conductor and writer on music. From 1926 to 1933, Hughes pursued a career as a conductor and chorus master, principally at the British National Opera Company, and also co-produced Shakespeare plays. He left the musical profession in 1933, raising a family and working first as an executive in a railway company and later running luxury European tours. From 1960 to 1972 he published a series of books on musical subjects, beginning with a study of the music of Arthur Sullivan, published in 1960.

Document 6157064:
Virtual fiber
Virtual Fiber is wireless data transmission comparable in data throughput to optic fiber. The term was coined in El Salvador, Central America to describe a communications network service provided by Five Nines Communications, S.A. de C.V. Wireless data transmission is used for mobile telephony, mobile internet service, monitoring, and security applications to name a few.

Document 8092102:
Shadowshaper
Shadowshaper is a 2015 American urban fantasy young adult novel written by Daniel José Older. It follows Sierra Santiago, an Afro-Boricua teenager living in Brooklyn. She is the granddaughter of a "shadowshaper", or a person who infuses art with ancestral spirits. As forces of gentrification invade their community and a mysterious being who appropriates their magic begins to hunt the aging shadowshapers, Sierra must learn about her artistic and spiritual heritage to foil the killer.

Document 8454556:
Languages of the United Kingdom
English, in various dialects, is the most widely spoken language of the United Kingdom, however there are a number of regional languages also spoken. There are 11 indigenous languages spoken across the British Isles: 5 Celtic, 3 Germanic, and 3 Romance. There are also many immigrant languages spoken in the British Isles, mainly within inner city areas; these languages are mainly from South Asia and Eastern Europe.

Document 3230889:
Nomura Group
Nomura Holdings, Inc. (野村ホールディングス株式会社) is a Japanese financial holding company, and a principal member of the Nomura Group. It, along with its broker-dealer, banking and other financial services subsidiaries, provides investment, financing and related services to individual, institutional and government customers on a global basis with an emphasis on securities businesses.

Document 3611230:
2009–10 Football Conference
The 2009–10 Football Conference season was the sixth season with the Football Conference consisting of three divisions, and the thirty-first season overall. The Conference covers the top two levels of Non-League football in England. The Conference Premier is the fifth highest level of the overall pyramid, whilst the Conference North and Conference South exist at the sixth level. The top team (Stevenage Borough) and the winner of the play-off (Oxford United) of the National division were promoted to Football League Two. The bottom four were scheduled to be relegated to the North or South divisions, but in the event two teams (Salisbury City and Chester City) were expelled and only the bottom two clubs (Ebbsfleet United and Grays Athletic) were relegated with them. The champions of the North and South divisions (Southport and Newport County respectively) were promoted to the National division, alongside the play-off winners from each division (Fleetwood Town and Bath City). The bottom three in each of the North and South divisions were relegated to the premier divisions of the Northern Premier League, Isthmian League or Southern League. For sponsorship reasons, the Conference Premier was frequently referred to as the Blue Square Premier.

Document 2425479:
Jean-Baptiste Assiginack
Jean-Baptiste Assiginack (1768 - 3 November 1866) was an Ottawa leader in the early 19th-century. He was also known as 'Blackbird'.

Document 3737109:
Sivensa
Sivensa (BVC: SVS) is the second largest Venezuelan steel producer. Sidor, which was nationalized in 2008, is the largest. However, Sivensa, founded in 1948, has been Venezuela's largest steel producer in the private-sector as of 2008.

Document 9036402:
Frank Viola (author)
Frank Viola is an American author, speaker, and blogger on Christian topics. His work focuses on Jesus studies and biblical narrative, with a strong emphasis on helping the poor and the oppressed. He is most noted for his emphasis on the centrality and supremacy of Jesus Christ.

Document 5947522:
National Exchange Hotel
The National Exchange Hotel (also known as the National Hotel) is located in Nevada City in the U.S. state of California. Listed on the National Register of Historic Places and a California Historical Landmark, it is one of the oldest continuously operated hotels west of the Rockies. It opened in August 1856 under the name of "Bicknell Block".

Document 5487177:
2012 FIBA Asia Cup
2012 FIBA Asia Cup was the 4th FIBA Asia Cup, the basketball tournament of FIBA Asia was held at the Ota Gymnasium, in Ota, Tokyo, Japan from September 14–22, 2012. The winner of this year's FIBA Asia Cup automatically qualifies for the FIBA Asia Championship in 2013.

Document 2673190:
JoAnne L. Hewett
JoAnne L. Hewett (born 1960) is a theoretical particle physicist on the faculty of the SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory, where she is a professor in the Department of Particle Physics and Astrophysics, and Director of the Elementary Particle Physics Division. Her research interests include physics beyond the Standard Model, string theory, and hidden dimensions. She is a fellow of the American Physical Society and a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS).

Document 3241630:
Graham Windham
Graham Windham is a New York City-based nonprofit that provides services to children and families. It was founded in 1806 by several prominent women, most notably Elizabeth Schuyler Hamilton (Eliza). The organization has recently received greater awareness because of Lin-Manuel Miranda's hit Broadway musical "Hamilton" in which Eliza Hamilton, portrayed by Phillipa Soo in its original run, expresses that she is "proudest of" establishing "the first private orphanage in New York City."

Document 6373004:
The Scarlet Worm
The Scarlet Worm is a 2011 American Revisionist Western film directed by Michael Fredianelli. The film was first released on January 7, 2011 at the Riot Cinema Film Festival. It stars Aaron Stielstra as a young mercenary who is sent to assassinate a cruel brothel owner. Funding for "The Scarlet Worm" was partially accomplished through a successful Kickstarter campaign.

Document 2998223:
Dead End Drive-In
Dead End Drive-In is a 1986 Australian action film about a teenage couple trapped in a drive-in theater which is really a concentration camp for societal rejects. The inmates, many of whom sport punk fashion, are fed a steady diet of junk food, new wave music, drugs, and violent films. The film was directed by Brian Trenchard-Smith. It stars Ned Manning and Natalie McCurry as the captive couple, and Peter Whitford as the manager of the drive-in. "Mad Max 2" stuntman Guy Norris did some of the stunts. The soundtrack includes contemporary popular music performed by such bands as Kids in the Kitchen and Hunters and Collectors. The song during the rolling credits is "Playing With Fire" by Lisa Edwards.

Document 2970130:
Catbalogan Airport
Catbalogan Airport (IATA: none, ICAO: RPVY) is an airport located in Catbalogan, the capital city of Samar, Philippines. It is classified as a feeder airport by the Civil Aviation Authority of the Philippines, a body of the Department of Transportation and Communications that is responsible for the operations of not only this airport but also of all other airports in the Philippines except the major international airports. Catbalogan Airport is a feeder airport in the province of Samar located in Barangay Cabugawan on Buri Island connected via land bridge to the coast of Barangay Silanga, Catbalogan.

Document 3163157:
Computer art
Computer art is any art in which computers play a role in production or display of the artwork. Such art can be an image, sound, animation, video, CD-ROM, DVD-ROM, video game, website, algorithm, performance or gallery installation. Many traditional disciplines are now integrating digital technologies and, as a result, the lines between traditional works of art and new media works created using computers has been blurred. For instance, an artist may combine traditional painting with algorithm art and other digital techniques. As a result, defining computer art by its end product can thus be difficult. Computer art is by its nature evolutionary since changes in technology and software directly affect what is possible. Notable artists in this vein include Manfred Mohr, Ronald Davis, Harold Cohen, Joseph Nechvatal, George Grie, Olga Kisseleva, John Lansdown, and Jean-Pierre Hébert.

Document 4194945:
Keating Supercars
Keating Supercars made their debut in July 2006 with the launch of the TKR. They built four cars since its launch, the SKR, TKR, ZKR and the Bolt. At the racing car show, Autosport International 2016, Keating Supercars unveiled a road version of the Bolt to be sold in the USA. Anthony Keating is the founder and CEO of Keating Supercars and designer of the Keating SKR, TKR and ZKR. Keating was born in Manchester, UK, and the road to Keating Supercars began with a course at the Automobile Engineering institute at the University of Bolton, UK. Keating graduated with an MBA in Business in 2012 and, together with students from the University of Bolton, hopes to build and make the Keating Bolt, the world’s fastest production car, reaching more than 300 miles per hour. Keating Supercars plan to sell around 30 cars a year.

Document 1864361:
Salon (website)
Salon is an American news and opinion website created by David Talbot in 1995. The site is owned by Salon Media Group (OTCQB: SLNM ). It focuses on U.S. politics, culture, and current events from a politically progressive or left-wing perspective.

Document 3776934:
Nobby Wirkowski
Norbert "Nobby" Wirkowski (August 20, 1926 – October 15, 2014) was an American and Canadian football player and coach. He is best known as quarterback of the Toronto Argonauts. The touchdown he engineered in the 1952 Grey Cup turned out to be the last offensive touchdown by the Argonauts in a Grey Cup for 30 years.

Document 7140662:
Greatest Hits (Sonia album)
Greatest Hits is a compilation album by Sonia, released in 2007. It was Sonia's first release since her fourth studio album "Love Train - The Philly Album" in 1998. This compilation includes songs from her second studio album "Sonia" (1991) and third studio album "Better the Devil You Know" (1993). No songs from Sonia's first studio album, "Everybody Knows" (which was released on a different record label), are included. Prior to the "Greatest Hits" release, Sonia also recorded the Motown-influenced songs "Dancing In the Driver's Seat" and "Your Heart Or Mine", both written by Barry Upton and Gordon Pogoda, but ultimately the record label chose to include no new songs for the album, so these recordings remain unreleased.

Document 5812480:
The Walk (Jumeirah Beach Residence)
The Walk at Jumeirah Beach Residence is a 1.7 kilometer strip at the ground and plaza level of the Jumeirah Beach Residence complex in Dubai. It was developed by Dubai Properties Group, and was completed in 2007 and opened officially in August 2008.

Document 9452659:
Gary Lunn
Gary Vincent Lunn, (born May 8, 1957 in Trail, British Columbia) is a former Canadian Member of Parliament for the British Columbia riding of Saanich—Gulf Islands. He served in the House of Commons from 1997 to 2011, first as a member of the Reform Party of Canada and subsequently as a member of the Canadian Alliance and the Conservative Party of Canada. He was Minister of State (Sport) in the Cabinet of Prime Minister Stephen Harper and Official Opposition Critic for Métis and Non-Status Indians, Minister of State for Northern Development, and Critic of the Secretary of State for Human Resources Development. Lunn lost his seat in the 2011 federal election in Canada in an upset to the Leader of the Green Party, Elizabeth May.

Document 8153721:
Paul Roebuck
Paul Gerrard Peter Roebuck (born 13 October 1963) is a former English cricketer. Roebuck was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm medium-fast. He was born at Bath, Somerset, and was educated at Millfield School.

Document 1747019:
East Harlem Purple Gang
The East Harlem Purple Gang was a semi-independent gang of Italian American hit-men and heroin dealers who, according to federal prosecutors, dominated heroin distribution in East Harlem and the Bronx during the late 1970s and early 1980s in New York City. Though mostly independent of the Italian-American Mafia and not an official Italian-American Mafia crew, the gang was originally affiliated with and worked with the Lucchese crime family and later with the Bonanno crime family and Genovese crime family. It developed its "closest ties" with the Genovese family, and its remnants or former members are now part of the Genovese family's 116th Street Crew.

Document 6927556:
Cervecería Nacional Dominicana
Cerveceria Nacional Dominicana (CND), is the primary beer producer in the Dominican Republic, the company is owned by AmBev and Grupo León Jimenes. It was founded in 1929 by the American entrepreneur Charles H. Wanzer. It was the first brewery in the Dominican Republic and the largest in the Antilles and Central America with sales of 3.8 million hectoliters. It first released its major brand "Presidente" in 1935, and has since expanded to other brands such as Bohemia Especial, Presidente Light and Ambar. The first two are pilsener beers that fall in the category of lager beers, and the latter is the company's first incursion into dark beer. CND also distributes Miller products and Heineken. Its current brewery complex was opened in 1951. It employs 2,500 people and produces up to 500 million liters of beer.

Document 7634775:
Gorgon (DC Comics)
Gorgon is a fictional character, a DC Comics supervillain, part of the evil gang called Extremists. He is based on the Marvel Comics supervillain Doctor Octopus, and like him has several super-strong tentacles, though they are organic rather than mechanical.

Document 2949258:
William Eubank
William Eubank (born November 15, 1982) is an American film director, screenwriter, and cinematographer. His third feature film, the estimated $65 million action thriller "Underwater", is scheduled to be released in 2018 by 20th Century Fox. His second feature film "The Signal" premiered at the 2014 Sundance Film Festival and was released in theaters by Focus Features on June 13, 2014. For his first feature film, "Love", released in 2011, in addition to directorial and director of photography duties, Eubank also served as production designer.

Document 6556810:
Broward County Library
The Broward County Library is a public library system in Broward County, Florida, in the United States. The system contains 38 branch locations and circulates over 10.5 million items annually. There is a Main Library in downtown Fort Lauderdale, five regional libraries (two are located on Broward College campuses), and branches and reading centers throughout the county. The Broward County Library has more than one million library card holders who can choose from over three million library materials for public use, and card holders have access to the library's entire collection.

Document 3236718:
The Hork-Bajir Chronicles
The Hork-Bajir Chronicles is the second companion book to the "Animorphs" series, written by K. A. Applegate. With respect to continuity within the series, it takes place before book #23, "The Pretender", although the events told in the story occur between the time of "The Ellimist Chronicles" and "The Andalite Chronicles". The book is introduced by Tobias, who flies to the valley of the free Hork-Bajir, where Jara Hamee tells him the story of how the Yeerks enslaved the Hork-Bajir, and how Aldrea, an Andalite, and her companion, Dak Hamee, a Hork-Bajir, tried to save their world from the invasion. Jara Hamee's story is narrated from the points of view of Aldrea, Dak Hamee, and Esplin 9466, alternating in similar fashion to the "Megamorphs" books.

Document 9229532:
Standard Point Location Code
The Standard Point Location Code® (SPLC™) is a 9 digit geographic code used by North American transportation industries, especially rail. SPLC is owned and maintained by the National Motor Freight Traffic Association. SPLC exist for terminals within the United States, Canada, and Mexico. For the US and Canada, the first two digits refer to a state, province or territory. The second two digits refer to a county or its equivalent. The third two digits refer to a city or municipal region. The remaining three digits refer to a specific location within the city. For Mexican SPLC, the first three digits refer to the state and the second three digits refer to a municipal region within the state. Like the US and Canadian SPLC, the last three digits refer to a specific location within the city. If the last three digits are "000" then the SPLC is not defined beyond city.

Document 1227365:
Alexander MacLeod (writer)
Alexander MacLeod is a Canadian writer. His debut short story collection "Light Lifting" was a shortlisted nominee for the 2010 Scotiabank Giller Prize, and the 2011 Frank O'Connor International Short Story Award.

Document 5177662:
Frazier River
Frazier River was an American country music group formed in Cincinnati, Ohio in 1991 and disbanded in 1996. The group consisted of lead singer Danny Frazier and five musicians, Chuck Adair, Greg Amburgy, Brian "Gigs" Baverman, Jim Morris and Bob Wilson. Frazier River recorded one album for Decca Records Nashville and released three singles, two of which charted on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts.

Document 7465654:
Atari Lynx
The Atari Lynx is a 16-bit handheld game console that was released by Atari Corporation in September 1989 in North America, and in Europe and Japan in 1990. It was the world's first handheld electronic game with a color LCD. It was also notable for its advanced graphics and ambidextrous layout. The Lynx competed with the Game Boy (released two months earlier), as well as the Game Gear and TurboExpress, both released the following year. It was discontinued in 1995.

Document 1402667:
Jack C. Titus
Jack Clarence Titus (September 13, 1909 – December 21, 1985) was a submarine commander during World War II and the Korean War who reached the rank of Captain in the United States Navy. Captain Titus appeared as a guest on an episode of the syndicated television series Silent Service called "Narwhal's Passenger From Mindanao," which detailed a rescue operation involving USS Narwhal under his command.

Document 7752901:
30 Gallon Tank
30 Gallon Tank is an EP by the indie rock band Spoon. The 7" record was released on May 5, 1998, as a promotional EP showcasing the band which was newly signed to Elektra Records. Released on the same day was Spoon's second LP "A Series of Sneaks". The A-side of "30 Gallon Tank" contained two tracks that also appeared on "Sneaks", while the B-side contained a new Spoon song and a previously released Drake Tungsten track.

Document 8166143:
Hummingbird (film)
Hummingbird (released as Redemption in the United States) is a 2013 British action drama film written and directed by Steven Knight and starring Jason Statham.

Document 3186206:
Kona International Airport
Ellison Onizuka Kona International Airport at Keāhole (IATA: KOA, ICAO: PHKO, FAA LID: KOA) is on the Island of Hawaiʻ i, in Kalaoa CDP, Hawaiʻ i County, Hawaiʻ i, United States. The airport serves leeward, or Western Hawaiʻ i island, including the town of Kailua-Kona and the resorts of the North Kona and South Kohala districts.

Document 4421186:
If I Could Make a Living (song)
"If I Could Make a Living" is a song written by Alan Jackson, Keith Stegall and Roger Murrah, and recorded by American country music artist Clay Walker. It was released in September 1994 as the first single and title track from his album of the same name. It was Walker's fifth chart entry, and became his fourth Number One hit on the "Billboard" country charts in November 1994. It also reached #21 on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 charts, and on the Canadian "RPM" country charts, it followed Jackson's "Livin' on Love" at Number One.

Document 6994631:
Boardwalk Empire (season 2)
The second season of the HBO television series "Boardwalk Empire" premiered on September 25, 2011 and concluded on December 11, 2011, consisting of 12 episodes. The series was created by Terence Winter and based on the book "Boardwalk Empire: The Birth, High Times and Corruption of Atlantic City" by Nelson Johnson. Set in Atlantic City, New Jersey, during the Prohibition era, the series stars Steve Buscemi as Enoch "Nucky" Thompson (based on the historical Enoch L. Johnson), a political figure who rose to prominence and controlled Atlantic City, New Jersey, during the Prohibition period of the 1920s and 1930s. The second season takes place between February and August 1921. The second season was released on DVD and Blu-ray in region 1 on August 28, 2012.

Document 7444974:
R.O.D the TV
R.O.D -THE TV- is a 26-episode anime television series, animated by J.C.Staff and Studio Deen and produced by Aniplex, directed by Koji Masunari and scripted by Hideyuki Kurata, about the adventures of three paper-manipulating sisters, Michelle, Maggie and Anita, who become the bodyguards of Nenene Sumiregawa, a famous Japanese writer. Featuring music by Taku Iwasaki, the series is a sequel to the "Read or Die" OVA. Its official title of "R.O.D -THE TV-" is a catch-all acronym referring to the inclusion of characters from both the "Read or Die" novels, manga and OVA and the "Read or Dream" manga, which revolves solely around the Paper Sisters. Promotional material for "R.O.D -THE TV-" implies that the show revolves around the three sisters of "Read or Dream"; however, Nenene Sumiregawa of "Read or Die" is also considered a protagonist.

Document 1960720:
Sequential logic
In digital circuit theory, sequential logic is a type of logic circuit whose output depends not only on the present value of its input signals but on the sequence of past inputs, the input history. This is in contrast to "combinational logic", whose output is a function of only the present input. That is, sequential logic has "state" ("memory") while combinational logic does not.

Document 7099881:
The Princess and the Pony
The Princess and the Pony is a 2015 children's picture book illustrated by Kate Beaton. She won the Children's Book Award in 2016 for the "Princess and the Pony". She said that the book was inspired by her nephew. It is her first book written for children.

Document 1229203:
German Brazilians
German Brazilians (German: "Deutschbrasilianer", Riograndenser Hunsrückisch: "Deitschbrasiliooner", Portuguese: "teuto-brasileiros" ) refers to Brazilian people of ethnic German ancestry or origin. German Brazilians live mostly in the country's South Region, with lesser but still significant degree in the Southeast Region. German dialects together make up the second most spoken first language in Brazil after Portuguese. A few Brazilian municipalities have Brazilian Hunsrückisch and Germanic Pomeranian as co-official with Portuguese. They are located in Southern Brazil and Espírito Santo. In the year 2000 Brazilian census 12 million people in Brazil claimed to be of German descent.

Document 6927248:
Andre Norton Award
The Andre Norton Award for Young Adult Science Fiction and Fantasy is an annual award presented by the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America (SFWA) to the author of the best young adult or middle grade science fiction or fantasy book published in the United States in the preceding year. It is named to honor prolific science fiction and fantasy author Andre Norton (1912–2005), and it was established by then SFWA president Catherine Asaro and the SFWA Young Adult Fiction committee and announced on February 20, 2005. Any published young adult or middle grade science fiction or fantasy novel is eligible for the prize, including graphic novels. There is no limit on word count. The award is presented along with the Nebula Awards and follows the same rules for nominations and voting; as the awards are separate, works may be simultaneously nominated for both the Andre Norton award and a Nebula Award.

Document 6844941:
Knut Hamsun Centre
The Knut Hamsun Centre (Norwegian: "Hamsunsenteret" ) is a museum and educational centre in Hamarøy in Northern Norway dedicated to the life and work of the writer Knut Hamsun.

Document 1020307:
Enshi City
Enshi () is a county-level city in and the seat of Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture, in western Hubei province, People's Republic of China. The prefecture's legislature, executive and judiciary are seated here, as well as its CPC and Public Security bureau.

Document 1688519:
Jeri Massi
Jeri M. Massi (born 1960 in Levittown, Pennsylvania) is a contract technical writer and an Evangelical Christian author whose novel "Valkyries: Some Through the Fire" (2003) was nominated for a Christy Award.

Document 7725129:
Rock 'n' Roll Music (album)
Rock 'n' Roll Music is a compilation album by The Beatles that consists of previously released Beatles tracks. The double album was issued on 7 June 1976 in the United States, on Capitol Records (catalogue number SKBO 11537), and on Parlophone (PCSP 719) in the United Kingdom, four days later. The album is a combination of some notable Lennon–McCartney originals, such as "Drive My Car", "Revolution", "Back in the U.S.S.R." and "Get Back", George Harrison's "Taxman", and a dozen cover versions of songs written by significant rock and roll composers of the 1950s, including Chuck Berry, Little Richard, Carl Perkins and Larry Williams. "Rock 'n' Roll Music" was the first Beatles album to include "I'm Down", which had previously only been available as the B-side of the "Help!" single.

Document 1655832:
Trademark Da Skydiver
Alex Washington (born February 27, 1987), better known by his stage name Trademark Da Skydiver, is a rapper from New Orleans, LA. He was a member of the Hip-Hop group Jet Life and performs under the aliases "Super Villain" and "Flamingo Barnes."

Document 3954644:
UCL Urban Laboratory
UCL Urban Laboratory is a cross-disciplinary centre for the study of cities and urbanisation worldwide, based at University College London. It carries out research, education and outreach activities both in London and internationally. The Urban Laboratory was established in 2005. UCL Urban Lab co-operates with four UCL departments – The Bartlett; Engineering, Social and Historical Sciences; and Arts and Humanities. The current director is Dr Ben Campkin, who took on the role in 2011 from Professor Matthew Gandy who was the founding director.

Document 8229428:
Ann Leslie
Dame Ann Elizabeth Mary Leslie DBE (born 28 January 1941) is a British journalist who writes for the "Daily Mail".

Document 3217596:
Fionn Carr
Fionn Carr (born 17 December 1985) is an Irish rugby union player. He plays primarily as a wing but can also play at fullback. Carr played most of his professional career for Irish province Connacht in the Pro12, and he holds the team record for most tries scored. He also played for another Irish province, Leinster in the past. Carr has represented Ireland at Schools, Under 19 and Under 21 level, as well as at international 'A' level and the Ireland national rugby sevens team.

Document 5317535:
TVA Architects
TVA Architects, stylized as tva architects, is an American architecture and planning firm based in Portland, Oregon, and founded in 1984 by Robert Thompson, FAIA. Current principals are Robert Thompson, FAIA, Marc Labadie, CSI, Tim Wybenga, Pamela Saftler, AIA, IIDA, and Mandy Butler, AIA, LEED AP BD+C. The firm's projects include corporate campus buildings, recreational and training facilities, medical facilities, museums and cultural buildings, in addition to higher education and residential projects.

Document 7967320:
Combat Vehicle Reconnaissance (Tracked)
The Combat Vehicle Reconnaissance (Tracked) —or CVR(T)—is a family of armoured fighting vehicles (AFV)s in service with the British Army and others throughout the world. They are small, highly mobile, air-transportable armoured vehicles designed to replace the Alvis Saladin armoured car.

Document 9951748:
On the Floor
"On the Floor" is a song recorded by American singer Jennifer Lopez for her seventh studio album, "Love?" (2011). Featuring American rapper Pitbull, it was released by Island Records on February 8, 2011 as the lead single from the album. "On the Floor" was written by Kinda "Kee" Hamid, AJ Junior, Teddy Sky, Bilal "The Chef" Hajji, Pitbull, Gonzalo Hermosa, Ulises Hermosa, along with the song's producer RedOne. It is an up-tempo electro-house dance and Euro R&B song with a common time tempo of 130 beats per minute. "On the Floor" incorporates elements of electro house and draws further musical influences from eurodance, Latin music and techno music. Lopez recorded a Spanish-language version of the song titled "Ven a Bailar" (English: "Come to Dance" ), which includes additional lyrical contributions from Julio Reyes Copello and Jimena Romero.

Document 8483576:
George Reilly
George Reilly (born 14 September 1957 in Bellshill) is a former Scottish footballer. He played for Corby Town, Northampton Town, Cambridge United, Watford, Newcastle United and West Bromwich Albion. Reilly scored the winning goal for Watford against Plymouth Argyle in the 1984 FA Cup semi-final at Villa Park and played in the 1984 FA Cup Final itself. In 2003, nearly 20 years later, Reilly was working as a bricklayer on a building site in Corby when he was attacked by another worker who bit part of his right ear off, before whispering "Plymouth" in his other ear by way of explanation. He played as an attacker.

Document 9837877:
USS Robalo
USS "Robalo" (SS-273), a "Gato"-class submarine, was the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for the róbalo or common snook. Her keel was laid down on 24 October 1942 by the Manitowoc Shipbuilding Company at Manitowoc, Wisconsin. She was launched on 9 May 1943, sponsored by Mrs. E.S. Root, and commissioned on 28 September 1943.

Document 3303365:
1960 Kansas State Wildcats football team
The 1960 Kansas State Wildcats football team represented Kansas State University in the 1960 college football season. The team's head football coach was Doug Weaver. It was Weaver's first season at the helm of the Wildcats. The Wildcats played their home games in Memorial Stadium. The Wildcats finished the season with a 1–9 record with a 0–7 record in conference play. They finished in eighth place. The Wildcats scored just 78 points and gave up 316 points.

Document 3335893:
List of Sinhala words of Tamil origin
Sinhala words of Tamil origin came about as part of the more than 2000 years of language interactions between Sinhala and Tamil in the island of Sri Lanka. Sinhala is classified as an Indo-Aryan language and Tamil is classified as a Dravidian language. Separated from its sister Indo-Aryan languages such as Hindi and Bengali by a large belt of Dravidian languages, Sinhala along with Dhivehi of the Maldives evolved somewhat separately.

Document 9251380:
Next (cigarette)
Next is a brand of cigarettes made by Altria. The brand was created by Philip Morris International after tax increases of tobacco in Malaysia pushed Marlboro out of the market. Next is also available in tobacco for rolling use.

Document 6827390:
Tamayo Museum
Tamayo Museum could refer to one of two museums in Mexico:

Document 7850856:
Michael Leggiere
Michael V. Leggiere is a professor of history who works at the University of North Texas as deputy-director for the Barsanti Center for Military History. Leggiere's emphasis is on the Napoleonic era, and he deals most specifically with Prussian operations in Germany and France during 1813-14. According to his university profile, Leggiere is "one of the leading historians in the world of the Napoleonic Wars." This is supported by the fact that Leggiere has received the International Napoleonic Society Literary Award two times, once in 2002 and again in 2007. Leggiere also serves on the program committee of the Society for Military History and is on the board of directors for the Consortium on Revolutionary Europe.

Document 3407905:
Jeremy Siegel
Jeremy James Siegel (born November 14, 1945) is the Russell E. Palmer Professor of Finance at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Siegel comments extensively on the economy and financial markets: he appears regularly on networks such CNN, CNBC and NPR, and writes regular columns for Kiplinger's Personal Finance and Yahoo! Finance. Siegel's paradox is named after him.

Document 5429825:
Haunted Valley
Haunted Valley is a fifteen episode American adventure film serial starring Ruth Roland, in which Ruth Ranger, the president of an engineering firm engaged in a construction project at the Lost River Dam, takes out a three-month loan million dollar loan from supposed friend Harry Mallinson with the "Haunted Valley" as collateral.

Document 7553173:
Gunplay discography
The discography of American hip hop recording artist Gunplay, consists of two studio albums, three compilation albums (with Maybach Music Group), ten mixtapes, and eleven singles. He has also released and recorded music with Southern hip hop group, Triple C's.

Document 2402500:
DC Superheroes (toys)
DC Superheroes is a collection of action figures originally produced by Mattel in early 2006. It is divided into three different lines - the , with figures based on the animated "Justice League Unlimited" series; the S3: Select Sculpt Series, featuring more comic-accurate figures in the 6" scale; and a 12" figure line. The S3 line is further divided into two lines - one featuring Batman, and the other featuring Superman. Series 1 of the S3 line began shipping just after Christmas 2005 to Wal-Mart and began arriving in retailers like Target and Toys "R" Us approximately one month later. The figures have characteristics similar to the competing Marvel Legends line in terms of detailed sculpting, articulation, and including a comic book or diorama with each figure.

Document 2720773:
Simultaneous bilingualism
Simultaneous bilingualism is a form of bilingualism that takes place when a child becomes bilingual by learning two languages from birth. According to Annick De Houwer, in an article in "The Handbook of Child Language", simultaneous bilingualism takes place in "children who are regularly addressed in two spoken languages from before the age of two and who continue to be regularly addressed in those languages up until the final stages" of language development. Both languages are acquired as first languages. This is in contrast to sequential bilingualism, in which the second language is learned not as a native language but a foreign language.

Document 3019210:
Cygnus CRS OA-7
Cygnus CRS OA-7, also known as Orbital Sciences CRS Flight 7, is the eighth flight of the Orbital ATK unmanned resupply spacecraft Cygnus and its seventh flight to the International Space Station under the Commercial Resupply Services contract with NASA. Orbital and NASA jointly developed a new space transportation system to provide commercial cargo resupply services to the International Space Station (ISS). Under the Commercial Orbital Transportation Services (COTS) program, then Orbital Sciences designed and built Antares, a medium-class launch vehicle; Cygnus, an advanced maneuvering spacecraft, and a Pressurized Cargo Module which is provided by Orbital's industrial partner Thales Alenia Space.

Document 5599450:
Finn the Human / Jake the Dog
"Finn the Human" and "Jake the Dog" are respectively the first and second episodes of the American animated television series "Adventure Time"' s fifth season. "Finn the Human" was written and storyboarded by Tom Herpich and Jesse Moynihan, whereas "Jake the Dog" was written and storyboarded by Cole Sanchez and Rebecca Sugar. The stories for both episodes were developed by Patrick McHale, Kent Osborne, and Pendleton Ward. It originally aired on Cartoon Network on November 12, 2012. The episodes guest star Ron Perlman as the Lich, Kumail Nanjiani as Prismo, Ming-Na as Farmworld Finn's mother, Cloris Leachman as Farmworld Marceline, James Kyson as Big Destiny & Trami, Eric Bauza as Tromo, and Jeff Bennett as Choose Bruce.

Document 9969014:
The 45 King
Mark Howard James (born October 16, 1961) professionally known as The 45 King (also mistakenly known as "DJ Mark the 45 King"), is an American hip hop record producer and disc jockey (DJ) from The Bronx borough of New York City. James began DJing in New Jersey, in the mid-1980s. His pseudonym, the 45 King, came from his ability to make beats using obscure 45 RPM records.

Document 2135960:
The Inugamis (2006 film)
The Inugamis (犬神家の一族 , Inugami-ke no ichizoku (a.k.a. Murder of the Inugami Clan) ) is a 2006 Japanese drama film written and directed by Kon Ichikawa. It is a remake of his own 1976 film "The Inugami Family", and would prove to be Ichikawa's final film. A few minutes' footage of Ichikawa at work directing can be seen in the 2006 documentary "The Kon Ichikawa Story".

Document 6598972:
The Teacher (1974 film)
The Teacher is a 1974 American coming-of-age suspense film, written, produced, and directed by Hickmet Avedis (aka: Howard Avedis) and released by Crown International Pictures. The film stars Angel Tompkins, Jay North, and Anthony James, and tells the story of an 18-year-old's first relationship with his alluring teacher, and the hidden danger awaiting them in the shadows.

Document 5728058:
List of Band of Brothers episodes
HBO's "Band of Brothers", a ten-part television World War II miniseries based on the book of the same title written by historian and biographer Stephen E. Ambrose, was executive produced by Steven Spielberg and Tom Hanks after their collaboration on the World War II film "Saving Private Ryan" (1998). The episodes first aired in 2001 on HBO and are still run frequently on various TV networks around the world.

Document 4458774:
Academy of American Poets
The Academy of American Poets is a national, member-supported organization that promotes poets and the art of poetry. The nonprofit organization was incorporated in the state of New York in 1934. It fosters the readership of poetry through outreach activities such as National Poetry Month, its website Poets.org, the syndicated series Poem-a-Day, "American Poets" magazine, readings and events, and poetry resources for K-12 educators. In addition, it sponsors a portfolio of seven major poetry awards, of which the first was a fellowship created in 1946 to support a poet and honor "distinguished achievement," and more than 200 prizes for student poets.

Document 3733321:
Jeff Taylor (entrepreneur)
Jeff Taylor is an American businessman who is the founder of the online jobs site Monster.com. He is a graduate of the University Without Walls program at the University of Massachusetts Amherst. In August 2005, he left Monster to found a new venture called Eons.com, a social networking website for people over age of 50. In 2008, Taylor started Tributes.com, which is an online obituaries resource.

Document 5342524:
Tommy Joe Martins
Tommy Joe Martins (born December 7, 1986) is an American professional stock car racing driver. He currently competes part-time in the NASCAR Camping World Truck Series, driving the No. 45 Chevrolet Camaro for Martins Motorsports.

Document 6090377:
Glenn Kaiser
Glenn Kaiser (born January 21, 1953) is a Chicago-based Christian blues musician, singer-songwriter and pastor. He was the leader of Resurrection Band and is currently the leader of The Glenn Kaiser Band.

Document 5509606:
The Circus (Take That album)
The Circus is the fifth studio album by British pop band Take That. It was released in the United Kingdom on 1 December 2008. The album was their second, and also their last, as a four-piece, as founding member Robbie Williams returned for their sixth studio album "Progress" (2010), before both Williams and Jason Orange departed prior to the release of 2014's "III".

Document 9305156:
The Great Shark Hunt
The Great Shark Hunt is a book by Hunter S. Thompson. Originally published in 1979 as Gonzo Papers, Vol. 1: The Great Shark Hunt: Strange Tales from a Strange Time, the book is a roughly 600-page collection of Thompson's essays from 1956 to the end of the 1970s, following the rise of the author's own gonzo journalism style as he moved from Air Force and sports beat-writing to straight-ahead political commentary. It is the first of four volumes in "The Gonzo Papers" series.

Document 4190874:
Ahmed and Mohammed Hussain
Ahmed Hussain and Mohammed Hussain are ghazal singers from Jaipur, capital of Rajasthan state in India. Ahmed and Mohammed Hussain are two brothers who sing classical ghazals. Born in Rajasthan as sons of the famous ghazal and thumri singer Ustad Afzal Hussain, the duo touches genres like Indian classical music and bhajan as well as ghazal. They started their singing career in 1958 as classical and thumri artists. Their first album "Guldasta" was released in 1980 and was successful. Since then they have released about 50 albums. They attempted popularizing their music by turning to tempo music in Maan bhi ja.

Document 3870734:
She &amp; Him discography
American musical duo She & Him have released six studio albums, an extended play (EP), 11 singles and 10 music videos. The indie pop band was formed in 2006 in Portland, Oregon, and consists of Zooey Deschanel and M. Ward.

Document 1023487:
Bank of America Plaza (Atlanta)
Bank of America Plaza is a skyscraper located in between Midtown Atlanta and Downtown Atlanta. At 312 m , the tower is the 96th-tallest building in the world. It is the 14th tallest building in the U.S., the tallest building in Georgia and the tallest building in any U.S. state capital, overtaking the 250 m (820 ft), 50 story One Atlantic Center in height, which previously held the record as Georgia's tallest building. It has 55 stories of office space and was completed in 1992, when it was called NationsBank Plaza. Originally intended to be the headquarters for Citizens & Southern National Bank (which merged with Sovran Bank during construction), it became NationsBank's property following its formation in the 1991 hostile takeover of C&S/Sovran by NCNB.

Document 2625497:
Passerelle clause
A passerelle clause is a clause in treaties of the European Union that allows the alteration of a legislative procedure without a formal amendment of the treaties. The use of a passerelle clause required unanimity of all member states although member states with opt-outs and those not participating in an area under enhanced cooperation may not have a vote. Unlike formal treaty revision their use does not require national ratification. "Passerelle" is French for a small bridge.

Document 9034749:
Shero Rauf
Shero Rauf (born 15 May 1979) is a Kurdish-Iraqi actor and stuntman. He is the first Kurdish Iraqi to work as an actor, stuntman, 3D visual effects animator, lead artist, and assistant director in Hollywood movies.

Document 1148668:
Oskar Klein Memorial Lecture
The Oskar Klein Memorial Lecture at Stockholm University, dedicated to the memory of the Swedish physicist Oskar Klein (1894-1977), is held annually since 1988 by a prominent physicist, who also receives the Oskar Klein Medal. The arrangement are sponsored by the university and the Nobel Committee of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences.

Document 5554916:
Grundy Senior High School
Grundy Senior High School is a public high school located east of Grundy, Virginia on Slate Creek in Buchanan County, Virginia. It is part of the Buchanan County Public Schools system. The school is renowned for its wrestling program, which has won 19 state championships and has been ranked nationally. Also known for its scholastics bowl team, who has now been to the state competition two years in a row now and has finished in the top four in the state. Athletic teams compete in the Virginia High School League's A Black Diamond District in 2A West Conference 39. Grundy is a National Blue Ribbon School.

Document 2846089:
Richard Butler of Kilcash
Richard Butler of Kilcash (1615 – 1701) was the second son of Thomas Butler, Viscount Thurles and the grandson of Walter Butler of Kilcash who inherited the earldom of Ormond from his uncle. While his father resided at Thurles Castle, Thurles, County Tipperary, Richard occupied the family estate of Kilcash Castle, at the foot of Slievenamon in County Tipperary. His brother James would later be created as Duke of Ormonde. Like his father, he was a prominent Catholic.

Document 6203625:
Torre Insignia
Torre Insignia (also called Torre Banobras and the Nonoalco Tlatelolco Tower) is a building designed by Mario Pani Darqui which is located on the corner of Avenida Ricardo Flores Magnon and Avenida de los Insurgentes Norte, in the Tlateloco housing complex in Cuauhtémoc in Mexico City. At its completion in 1962, the tower became the second tallest building in Mexico after the Torre Latinoamericana. The tower is not currently in use and is currently being renovated. It is currently the tallest building in the Tlatelolco area and the third highest in the Avenida Insurgentes. The building housed the headquarters of Banobras. The building has a pyramid shape and was built with a reinforced concrete frame. It has been remodeled at least twice and is one of the most important buildings in the city, besides having the tallest carillon in the world; there are 47 bells made by Petit & Fritsen.

Document 3987481:
Gillies Lake
Gillies Lake Promenade is a 20 hectares (49 acres) lake located in the heart of Timmins, Ontario. It was developed by the Conservation Authority as part of its lake rejuvenation project in 1986 and it is now served by a publicly accessible 2.5 km walking trail. A boardwalk offers wheelchair access avoiding a hill climb and Lakeshore Road. This small lake was named after Alex Gillies, a prominent figure in the history of the city. In 1915, the lake was about three times its current size. Since then, mine tailings have taken over what was once the northeast part of the lake. Goldcorp is currently in the process of restoring this area.

Document 9787280:
Converse (shoe company)
Converse is an American shoe company that primarily produces skating shoes and lifestyle brand footwear and apparel. Founded in 1908, Converse is one of America's most iconic footwear companies, and has been a subsidiary of Nike, Inc. since 2003..

Document 5114676:
Ford Model A (1927–31)
The Ford Model A (also colloquially called the A-Model Ford or the A, and A-bone among rodders and customizers), was the second huge success for the Ford Motor Company, after its predecessor, the Model T. First produced on October 20, 1927, but not sold until December 2, it replaced the venerable Model T, which had been produced for 18 years. This new Model A (a previous model had used the name in 1903–04) was designated a 1928 model and was available in four standard colors.

Document 3520273:
Maxwell the Magic Cat
Maxwell the Magic Cat was a comic strip written and drawn by Alan Moore under the pseudonym 'Jill de Ray' (in parody of Gilles de Rais, a French murderer).

Document 8641031:
History of the Detroit Lions
The History of the Detroit Lions, a professional American football franchise based in Detroit, Michigan, dates back to 1929 when they played in Portsmouth, Ohio as the Portsmouth Spartans. Currently in their 88th season, they are one of the National Football League's oldest franchises.

Document 9453526:
Lily D'Ambrosio
Liliana "Lily" D'Ambrosio (born 30 July 1964 in Melbourne) is an Australian politician. She has been an Australian Labor Party member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly since 2002, representing the electorate of Mill Park. She is presently Minister for Energy, Environment and Climate Change and Minister for Suburban Development in the Andrews Ministry.

Document 5166503:
Carmen Comes Home
Carmen Comes Home (カルメン故郷に帰る , "Karumen kokyō ni kaeru" ) is a 1951 color Japanese film comedy directed by Keisuke Kinoshita. Filmed using Fujicolor, it was Japan's first color film.

Document 5490530:
New York City Housing Authority Police Department
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City that existed from 1952 to 1995, which was then merged into the NYPD. The roots of this organization go back to 1934 and the creation of the New York City Housing Authority (NYCHA). New York City Mayor Fiorello H. La Guardia authorized the hiring of security guards to patrol the city's public housing buildings. These guards eventually were trained and became the first officers of the Housing Police, which was officially created in 1952. The Housing Police, along with the New York City Transit Police, was merged into the New York City Police Department in 1995 by New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani and continues today as the Housing Bureau.

Document 7234284:
Renntech
Renntech is a Florida company established in 1989 by Hartmut Feyhl. It is best known for performance modifications of Mercedes-AMG automobiles.

Document 9582257:
Fifty-Niner
A "Fifty-Niner" is the term used for the gold seekers who streamed into the Pike's Peak Country of western Kansas Territory and southwestern Nebraska Territory in 1859. The discovery of placer gold deposits along the South Platte River at the foot of the Rocky Mountains in northwestern Kansas Territory by a party of miners led by William Greeneberry "Green" Russell in July 1858 precipitated the Pike's Peak Gold Rush.

Document 9100385:
Moala Tautuaa
Moala D. Tautuaa Jr. (born April 30, 1989) is an American born Filipino-Tongan professional basketball player for the TNT KaTropa of the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA). He was drafted first overall by the TNT Tropang Texters in the 2015 PBA draft.

Document 3844728:
Two (TV series)
Two is a Canadian drama series which aired from September 1996 to June 1997. It featured Michael Easton as Gus McClain, a college professor from Seattle who is framed for the murder of his wife by his twin brother Booth Hubbard (Easton in a dual role). Hubbard, whose existence had previously been unknown to McClain, committed several murders while assuming McClain's identity, leaving Gus on the run from the FBI. Complicating matters more was that Booth had a brain tumor that could kill him at any moment and leave Gus without a way to clear himself. The primary FBI investigator in the case was Theresa "Terry" Carter (Barbara Tyson), whose partner was a victim of Hubbard and does not believe his claims of a twin brother. It featured Andrew Sikes as a recurring character trying to help McClain.

Document 3189181:
EMLL 1st Anniversary Show
The EMLL 1st Anniversary Show was a professional wrestling major show event produced by Empresa Mexicana de Lucha Libre (EMLL, later renamed "Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre", CMLL) that took place on September 21, 1934 in Arena Modelo (In the same location Arena México was built years later), in Mexico City, Mexico. The event commemorated the first anniversary of EMLL, which became the oldest still active professional wrestling promotion in the world by the 1990s. The Anniversary show is EMLL's biggest show of the year, their Super Bowl event, where a lot of storylines conclude and important matches are held. The first anniversary show saw the debut of the first wrestler in Mexico to wear a wrestling mask, setting a trend that greatly influenced "lucha libre" in Mexico since then.

Document 7547256:
Nagasaki (Schnittke)
Nagasaki is an oratorio composed by Soviet composer Alfred Schnittke in 1958, at the age of 25. It was Schnittke's graduation composition in the Moscow Conservatory, and the topic was suggested by his teacher Evgeny Golubev. The work was considered formalistic, and Schnittke was accused of "forgetting the principles of Realism in music". Thus, he suppressed the expressionistic central movement depicting the nuclear explosion and modified the finale. It was recorded by the Moscow Radio Symphony in 1959 and broadcast to Japan through Voice of Russia, but it wasn't printed and it didn't receive any subsequent performances. Nagasaki was finally given its public premiere in its original form in Cape Town on 23 November 2006, eight years after Schnittke's death, by Hanneli Rupert and the Cape Philharmonic conducted by Owain Arwel Hughes.

Document 7442292:
Osogovka
Osogovka is a Macedonian folk dance and its music, rhythm, costumes and geographical originate from the villages of Osogovo Mountain. The costumes are clean white, and the music is performed by orchestra of bagpipes followed by a folk orchestra.

Document 7048077:
Qiaoqi Dam
The Qiaoqi Dam is a rock-fill embankment dam on the Baoxinghe River in Baoxing County of Sichuan Province, China. The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power generation. Construction on the project began in October 2002 and its 240 MW power station was commissioned in 2007. Water from the reservoir is diverted south to the power station via a 18.676 km long head-race tunnel and penstock. The power station is located on the north bank of the main stem Baoxing River. The drop in elevation between the reservoir and power station afford a hydraulic head of about 550 m .

Document 2279932:
Denmark in the Eurovision Song Contest 2004
Denmark selected their entrant for the Eurovision Song Contest 2004 in Istanbul, Turkey through the "Dansk Melodi Grand Prix 2004". The final was held in the Aarhus Kongrescentrum in Aarhus on 7 February 2004 and was hosted by Natasja Crone and Peter Mygind. After missing out on the 2003 contest, DR returned to the format of 2002, with one final and no semi-finals. A total of 315 songs were submitted, with 10 songs being selected to compete. All songs had to be sung in Danish and translated into English for Eurovision.

Document 9603283:
Biddenden Maids
Mary and Eliza Chulkhurst (or Chalkhurst), commonly known as the Biddenden Maids, were a pair of conjoined twins supposedly born in Biddenden, Kent, England, in the year 1100. They are said to have been joined at both the shoulder and the hip, and to have lived for 34 years. It is claimed that on their death they bequeathed five plots of land to the village, known as the Bread and Cheese Lands. The income from these lands was used to pay for an annual dole of food and drink to the poor every Easter. Since at least 1775, the dole has included Biddenden cakes, hard biscuits imprinted with an image of two conjoined women.

Document 8191191:
Rajiv Gandhi Equity Savings Scheme
The Rajiv Gandhi Equity Savings Scheme (commonly referred to as RGESS), is a tax saving scheme announced in the 2012-2013 Union Budget of India, aimed at first time retail investors. Named after Rajiv Gandhi, the sixth Prime Minister of India, the scheme was announced by the finance minister, P. Chidambaram, on 21 September 2012. The scheme is aimed at encouraging the flow of savings of small investors in the domestic capital market, and presents investors with tax benefits provisioned as a new section, 80CCG, in the Income Tax act. The 2017 Union budget of India has proposed that the scheme be phased out entirely by 2018, citing the lack of adoption.

Document 8344141:
13th Empire Awards
The 13th Empire Awards ceremony (officially known as the Sony Ericsson Empire Awards), presented by the British film magazine "Empire", honored the best films of 2007 and took place on 9 March 2008 at the Grosvenor House Hotel in London, England. During the ceremony, "Empire" presented Empire Awards in 12 categories as well as three honorary awards. The awards for the Sony Ericsson Soundtrack and the Done In 60 Seconds competition were first introduced this year. The Best Newcomer returned to a single award, having last year been split into "Best Male Newcomer" and "Best Female Newcomer" awards and the honorary Outstanding Contribution to British Cinema was renamed to Outstanding Contribution to British Film. The ceremony was televised in the United Kingdom by ITV2 on March 10. Welsh actor Rob Brydon hosted the show for the first time. The awards were sponsored by Sony Ericsson for the fifth year, having last sponsored the 11th ceremony held in 2006.

Document 6964017:
Lysichiton
Lysichiton is a genus in the family Araceae. These plants are known commonly as skunk cabbage or less often as swamp lantern. The spelling Lysichitum is also found. The genus has two species, one found in north-east Asia (Japan and Russian Far East), the other in north-west America (Aleutians to Santa Cruz County in California).

Document 7454929:
Gloria Wekker
Gloria Daisy Wekker (born June 13, 1950) is an Afro-Surinamese Dutch educator and writer who has focused on gender studies and sexuality in the Afro-Caribbean region and diaspora. She was the winner of the Ruth Benedict Prize from the American Anthropological Association in 2007.

Document 4522752:
Platymiscium
Platymiscium is a genus of legume in the Fabaceae family, and was recently assigned to the informal monophyletic "Pterocarpus" clade within the Dalbergieae. It has a Neotropical distribution, from northern Mexico to southern Brazil. "Platymiscium" is the only genus in the family with opposite leaves in all its species. Its wood has various uses, mostly for constructions and furniture.

Document 4101100:
Owings Mills Mall
Owings Mills Mall was a large shopping mall that once hosted 155 stores and eateries, in the Baltimore County, Maryland, community of Owings Mills. It was owned and managed by Kimco Realty. While its main entrance was off Red Run Boulevard between Painters Mill Road and Owings Mills Boulevard, the mall was also accessible from the exit ramps of I-795. It was originally known as Owings Mills Town Center, but a new nearby development in the vicinity has now been given that name (see Owings Mills Town Center). The mall was scheduled for demolition and redevelopment into a lifestyle center similar to that of Hunt Valley Towne Centre and The Avenue at White Marsh, though the plan was that the movie theater and some anchor-store spaces would remain.

Document 5236674:
Disco Pigs
Disco Pigs is a 2001 Irish film directed by Kirsten Sheridan and written by Enda Walsh, who adapted it from his 1996 play of the same name. Cillian Murphy and Elaine Cassidy star as Cork teenagers who have a lifelong, but unhealthy, friendship that is imploding as they approach adulthood.

Document 6440230:
Pura Gede Perancak
Pura Gede Perancak is a prominent Hindu sea temple in Perancak, Bali, Indonesia. This temple commemorates the site of Dang Hyang Nirartha's arrival in Bali in 1546. Bull runs are organized here.

Document 8524283:
Ferdiad
Ferdiad (] ; also "Fer Diad", "Ferdia", "Fear Diadh"), son of Damán, son of Dáire, of the Fir Domnann, is a warrior of Connacht in the Ulster Cycle of Irish mythology. In the "Táin Bó Cúailnge", Ferdiad finds himself on opposite sides to his best friend and foster-brother Cúchulainn, with whom he had trained in arms under the renowned warrior woman Scáthach. He and Cúchulainn are equal in all martial feats, with two exceptions: the "Gáe Bulg", a barbed spear which Scáthach has taught only Cúchulainn to use; and Ferdiad's horny skin, which no weapon can pierce.

Document 2871139:
China Aviation Oil
China Aviation Oil (Singapore) Corporation Ltd ("CAO") () is the largest purchaser of jet fuel in the Asia Pacific region and the key supplier of imported jet fuel to the civil aviation industry of the People's Republic of China ("PRC"). CAO supplies to the three key international airport in the PRC, i.e. Beijing Capital International Airport, Shanghai Pudong International Airport and Guangzhou Baiyun International Airport, and accounts for more than 90% of PRC's jet fuel imports. CAO also engages in international trading of jet fuel and other oil products. CAO owns investments in strategic oil-related businesses, which include Shanghai Pudong International Airport Aviation Fuel Supply Company Ltd and China National Aviation Fuel TSN-PEK Pipeline Transportation Corporation Ltd.

Document 2885904:
NASDAQ OMX Vilnius
The NASDAQ OMX Vilnius Stock Exchange is a stock exchange established in 1993 ("Vilnius Stock Exchange", "VSE") operating in Vilnius, Lithuania. It is owned by NASDAQ OMX Group, which also operates Helsinki Stock Exchange and Stockholm Stock Exchange.

Document 4216305:
The Cannonball Adderley Quintet at the Lighthouse
The Cannonball Adderley Quintet at the Lighthouse is a live album by jazz saxophonist Cannonball Adderley released on the Riverside label featuring a performance by Adderley with Nat Adderley, Victor Feldman, Sam Jones and Louis Hayes.

Document 5978445:
The Lone Ranger (2013 film)
The Lone Ranger is a 2013 American western action film directed by Gore Verbinski from a screenplay written by Justin Haythe, Ted Elliott and Terry Rossio. Based on the radio series of the same name, the film stars Johnny Depp as Tonto, the narrator of the events, and Armie Hammer as John Reid, the Lone Ranger. It relates Tonto's memories of the duo's earliest efforts to subdue local villainy and bring justice to the American Old West. William Fichtner, Barry Pepper, Ruth Wilson, James Badge Dale, Tom Wilkinson and Helena Bonham Carter also are featured in supporting roles. It is the first theatrical film featuring the Lone Ranger and Tonto characters in more than 32 years.

Document 4088120:
Daniel Lindsay Russell
Daniel Lindsay Russell Jr. (August 7, 1845May 14, 1908) was the 49th Governor of North Carolina, serving from 1897 to 1901. An attorney, judge, and politician, he had also been elected as state representative and to the United States Congress, serving 1879-1881. Although he fought with the Confederacy during the Civil War, Russell and his father were both Unionists. After the war, Russell joined the Republican Party in North Carolina, which was an unusual affiliation for one of the planter class. In the postwar period he served as a state judge, as well as in the state and national legislatures.

Document 8634038:
Deshpande Tanda
Deshpande Tanda is located at Sindagi Road Indi, town Indi district Vijayapura, Karnataka state, India. Deshpande Tanda is divided into two tandas called Deshpande LT No.1 and Deshpande LT No.2, which is distance of 2 km and 4 km respectively from Indi. These tanda's has a group of people called Goar Banjara or Lambani, which comes in group of schedule caste. These people's are living with very poor below in poverty line and very less literacy compare to others. These tanda's belongs to ward number 21 in Indi taluk and are controlled by member of municipal corporation Indi who elected by people. And also headed by two peoples called (Naik and Karbhari) were responsible of tandas. Each Tanda has one temple consist of shree Sevalal maharaj and shree Durga Devi, every year conducted big pooja of two days, And there is very old religious good culture singing, dancing programme.

Document 6446473:
Matt Thistlethwaite
Matthew James "Matt" Thistlethwaite (born 6 September 1972) is an Australian politician. He has been an Australian Labor Party member of the Australian House of Representatives since 2013, representing the electorate of Kingsford Smith. He was formerly a member of the Australian Senate from 2011 to 2013. Thistlethwaite served as Parliamentary Secretary for Pacific Island Affairs and Parliamentary Secretary for Multicultural Affairs in the Gillard government from March to July 2013, and as Parliamentary Secretary for Infrastructure and Transport in the Rudd government from July to September 2013. Before entering electoral politics, he was the general secretary of the New South Wales branch of the Australian Labor Party.

Document 5504928:
H-index
The "h"-index is an author-level metric that attempts to measure both the productivity and citation impact of the publications of a scientist or scholar. The index is based on the set of the scientist's most cited papers and the number of citations that they have received in other publications. The index can also be applied to the productivity and impact of a scholarly journal as well as a group of scientists, such as a department or university or country. The index was suggested in 2005 by Jorge E. Hirsch, a physicist at UCSD, as a tool for determining theoretical physicists' relative quality and is sometimes called the "Hirsch index" or "Hirsch number".

Document 7192680:
Dheiraj Kapoor
Dheiraj Kapoor (born 25 October 1978) is an Indian film actor, model, director, producer and entrepreneur. Kapoor is known for his modeling assignments with Honda Activa TVC, Byford T-shirts Campaign, Gurukul Campaign, BPL net.com Campaign, andIBM computers Campaigns. Overall responsible for conceptualizing and organizing brand campaigns, events for the domestic/international markets for individuals, brands and Organizations. He is also into the business of managing all communications and networking in support of extraordinary productions, campaign shoots, events including Indian & International Celebrities and Artists.

Document 2165246:
Martin Heidegger and Nazism
Philosopher Martin Heidegger joined the Nazi Party (NSDAP) on May 1, 1933, ten days after being elected Rector of the University of Freiburg. A year later, in April 1934, he resigned the Rectorship and stopped taking part in Nazi Party meetings, but remained a member of the Nazi Party until its dismantling at the end of World War II. The denazification hearings immediately after World War II led to Heidegger's dismissal from Freiburg, banning him from teaching. In 1949, after several years of investigation, the French military finally classified Heidegger as a "Mitläufer" or "Nazi follower". The teaching ban was lifted in 1951 and Heidegger was granted "emeritus" status in 1953, but he was never allowed to resume his philosophy chair.

Document 4654207:
Lagos Treaty of Cession
The Treaty of Cession, 6 August 1861 or the Lagos Treaty of Cession was a treaty between Great Britain (represented by Norman B. Bedingfield, Commander of HMS Prometheus and William McCoskry, Acting Consul to Lagos) and Oba Dosunmu of Lagos (spelled 'Docemo' in British documents) representing Lagos.

Document 8279693:
2016 Spengler Cup
The 90th Spengler Cup was an ice hockey competition being held in Davos, Switzerland between 26 and 31 December 2016. All matches were played at HC Davos's home known as Vaillant Arena. Six competing teams were split into two groups of three (in the round-robin series). The two groups, named Torriani and Cattini, are named after legendary Swiss hockey players Richard 'Bibi' Torriani and the Cattini brothers, Hans and Ferdinand.

Document 9060201:
Siberian tiger
The Siberian tiger ("Panthera tigris altaica"), also called Amur tiger, is a tiger subspecies inhabiting mainly the Sikhote Alin mountain region with a small population in southwest Primorye Province in the Russian Far East. The Siberian tiger once ranged throughout all of Korea, north-eastern China, Russian Far East, and eastern Mongolia. In 2005, there were 331–393 adult and subadult Siberian tigers in this region, with a breeding adult population of about 250 individuals. The population had been stable for more than a decade due to intensive conservation efforts, but partial surveys conducted after 2005 indicate that the Russian tiger population was declining. An initial census held in 2015 indicated that the Siberian tiger population had increased to 480–540 individuals in the Russian Far East, including 100 cubs. This was followed up by a more detailed census which revealed there was a total population of 562 wild Siberian tigers in Russia.

Document 5294752:
Hawaii Route 8930
Hawaii Route 8930, previously known as the North–South Road, broke ground in 2005 and completed in 2010. The 2.5 mi highway connects the H-1 freeway in the north end to Kapolei Parkway in the south end in Kapolei.

Document 8494305:
Maine State Route 224
State Route 224 (SR 224) is a state highway entirely within the village of Springvale (within the city of Sanford, Maine). It is 2.08 mi long running from SR 11, SR 109, and SR 11A to U.S. Route 202 (US 202) and SR 4A, making a complete bypass of downtown Sanford via Oak Street.

Document 3144664:
Gonna Make You Sweat (Everybody Dance Now)
"Gonna Make You Sweat (Everybody Dance Now)" is a hit song by American dance group C+C Music Factory. It was released in late 1990 as the lead single from the album, "Gonna Make You Sweat". The song charted internationally and achieved great success in the United States, Austria, Germany, the Netherlands and Switzerland where it reached number one on the charts.

Document 7192640:
Millennium Hotel St. Louis
The Millennium Hotel St. Louis, more commonly known simply as the Millennium Hotel, is a defunct hotel complex in downtown St. Louis, Missouri that closed in 2014. The lower complex consists of a plaza and several recreational facilities. Two towers, Millennium Hotel Tower I and Millennium Hotel Tower II, make up the hotel space. Tower I is 28 stories tall and was constructed in 1968. Tower II is 11 stories tall and was constructed in 1974. The building is adjacent to the Gateway Arch. Due to its closeness to several well known landmarks of St. Louis, it has become a popular tourist attraction. The hotel has 780 rooms and 19 suites. It also features a restaurant called "Top of the Riverfront", a rotating restaurant on the 28th floor of Tower I.

Document 4168543:
Pushing Hands (film)
Pushing Hands () is a film directed by Ang Lee. Released in 1992, it was his first feature film. Together with Ang Lee's two following films, "The Wedding Banquet" (1993) and "Eat Drink Man Woman" (1994), it forms his "Father Knows Best" trilogy, each of which deals with conflicts between an older and more traditional generation and their children as they confront a world of change.

Document 5232271:
Byambasuren Davaa
Byambasuren Davaa, really Davaagiin Byambasüren (Mongolian: Даваагийн Бямбасүрэн ; born 1971 in Ulaanbaatar), is a Mongolian film maker currently residing in Germany.

Document 4523774:
Jailbait
Jailbait or jail bait is slang for a person who is younger than the legal age of consent for sexual activity, with the implication that a person above the age of consent might find them sexually attractive. The term "jailbait" is derived from the fact that engaging in sexual activity with someone who is under the age of consent is classified as statutory rape or by an equivalent term. The minor deemed sexually attractive is thus a temptation to an older person to pursue them for sexual relations at the risk of being sent to jail if caught.

Document 6565947:
Catherine Raisin
Catherine Alice Raisin (24 April 1855 – 13 July 1945) was one of the most important early female geologist in Britain whose research was primarily in the field of microscopic petrology and mineralogy. She was the head of the geology department at Bedford College for Women in Bedfordshire, England for 30 years, and strived for women equality in education. Raisin was the first woman in Britain to be an academic head of any geology department. She was also the head of the botany department at the Bedford College for Women.

Document 7443279:
Rocketdyne F-1
The F-1 is a gas-generator cycle rocket engine developed in the United States by Rocketdyne in the late 1950s and used in the Saturn V rocket in the 1960s and early 1970s. Five F-1 engines were used in the S-IC first stage of each Saturn V, which served as the main launch vehicle of the Apollo program. The F-1 remains the most powerful single combustion chamber liquid-propellant rocket engine ever developed.

Document 6677240:
Chelsea Kane
Chelsea Kane Staub (born September 15, 1988), known professionally as Chelsea Kane since early 2011, is an American actress and singer. She is known for her role as Stella Malone in the Disney Channel sitcom television series "Jonas" and the role of Riley Perrin in the Freeform sitcom, "Baby Daddy".

Document 5896318:
Talma (magician)
Talma was the stage name of Mary Ann Ford (1861 – July 13, 1944), a female magician who is best known for performing with her husband Servais Le Roy in the act "Le Roy, Talma & Bosco". Talma was born in England while her husband was Belgian. She became accomplished at performing sleight of hand and manipulation acts, especially coin manipulation, and she was often billed as "The Queen of Coins". As a performer, she adopted the name Mercedes Talma but was generally known just as Talma. Talma was taught magic by Le Roy and although being an assistant she was known for her own coins tricks including the "Out of the ear" trick and "Talma's travelling coin." Eventually she was known as "The Queen Of Coins."

Document 1735028:
Heart of England Co-operative Society
The Heart of England Co-operative Society is an independent consumer co-operative in the United Kingdom. Based in Nuneaton, the Society trades in the English counties of West Midlands, Warwickshire, Leicestershire and Northamptonshire.

Document 6106258:
John Morrissey (rugby player)
Peter John Morrissey (18 July 1939 – 24 July 2013) was a New Zealand rugby union player, businessman and philanthropist.

Document 8016442:
Carl Zeiss
Carl Zeiss (11 September 1816 – 3 December 1888) was a German scientific instrument maker, optician and businessman who founded the workshop of Carl Zeiss in 1846 which is still in business today as "Carl Zeiss AG". Zeiss gathered a group of gifted practical and theoretical opticians and glass makers to reshape most aspects of optical instrument production. His collaboration with Ernst Abbe revolutionized optical theory and practical design of microscopes. Their quest to extend these advances brought Otto Schott into the enterprises to revolutionize optical glass manufacture. The firm of Carl Zeiss grew to one of the largest and most respected optical firms in the world.

Document 3981886:
Asajj Ventress
Asajj Ventress is a fictional character from the "Star Wars" franchise during the Clone Wars, appearing in the "" micro-series (voiced by Grey DeLisle), and in and (voiced by Nika Futterman). A powerful Dark-side Adept Force warrior with exceptional combat abilities, she wields dual lightsabers with curved handles that can attach together and form a double bladed weapon with a curve in the middle.

Document 2785812:
Emory University School of Medicine
The Emory University School of Medicine is the Graduate Medical School of Emory University and a component of Emory’s Robert W. Woodruff Health Sciences Center. It is located on the university's main campus in the Druid Hills neighborhood of Atlanta, Georgia. The medical school offers a full-time Doctor of Medicine degree program, Masters programs in Anesthesiology and Genetic Counseling, degrees in Physical Therapy and Physician Assistant training, joint degree programs with other Emory graduate divisions, graduate medical education, and continuing medical education. Emory University School of Medicine traces its origins back to 1915 when the Atlanta Medical College (founded 1854), the Southern Medical College (1878), and the Atlanta School of Medicine (founded 1905) merged.

Document 5629621:
It Doesn't Hurt Me
It Doesn't Hurt Me (Russian: "Мне не больно": "Mne ne bolno") is a 2006 Russian film directed by Aleksey Balabanov. The film was released on June 15, 2006 in Russia and stars Renata Litvinova, Aleksandr Yatsenko, and Dmitriy Dyuzhev as three young adults living in St.Petersburg.

Document 2706851:
Etta Murfitt
Etta Murfitt is a British dancer, choreographer and the associate director of the New Adventures educational strand. She has worked for Matthew Bourne for over 20 years in a variety of different roles. She teaches throughout the UK and abroad for dance companies and dance institutions, as well as being a freelance faculty member of the London Contemporary Dance School and Young Place.

Document 1347555:
Egidio Galea
Egidio Galea (5 May 1918 – 3 January 2005) was a Maltese Augustinian Roman Catholic priest, missionary, and educator, and a significant figure in the Catholic resistance to Nazism in Italy during World War II. He was a close aide to the Irish priest Hugh O'Flaherty.

Document 4236786:
Dering Manuscript
The Dering Manuscript is the earliest extant manuscript text of any play by William Shakespeare. The manuscript combines "Part 1" and "Part 2" of "Henry IV" into a single-play redaction. Scholarly consensus indicates that the manuscript was revised in the early 17th century by Sir Edward Dering, a man known for his interest in literature and theater. Dering prepared his redaction for an amateur performance starring friends and family at Surrenden Manor, Kent, where the manuscript was discovered in 1844. This is the earliest known instance of an amateur production of Shakespeare in England. Sourced from the 1613 fifth quarto of "Part 1" and the 1600 first quarto of "Part 2", the Dering Manuscript contains many textual differences from published quarto and folio editions of the plays. Dering cut nearly 3000 lines of Shakespearian text (including significant abridgment of the character of Falstaff) and added some 50 lines of his own invention along with numerous minor interventions. The Dering Manuscript is currently a part of the collection at the Folger Shakespeare Library in Washington, DC (Folger MS V.b.34).

Document 7049339:
Health Security Express
The Health Security Express was a 1994 series of 16 buses that traveled around the United States in groups to promote a 1993 plan for health care reform backed by Bill Clinton. Then-U.S. President Clinton campaigned on a bus alongside his wife Hillary, Vice President Al Gore, and Tipper Gore. The caravan was organized by health care reform supporters and various labor unions, who sponsored the buses at $20,000 each and were required to support health care reform legislation. The Health Security Express was announced by Clinton health care supporters on July 12, 1994 and coordinated by John H. Hoyt, a Democratic activist. The Health Security Express had a budget of $1.4 million–$1.9 million and was funded by donations ranging from $3,000 to over $100,000.

Document 3485367:
Francqui Prize
The Francqui Prize is a prestigious Belgian scholarly and scientific prize named after Émile Francqui. Normally annually since 1933, the Francqui Foundation awards it in recognition of the achievements of a scholar or scientist, who at the start of the year still had to be under 50. It currently represents a sum of 250,000 Euros and is awarded in the following three-year rotation of subjects: exact sciences, social sciences or humanities, and biological or medical sciences.

Document 1036553:
Night Court
Night Court is an American television situation comedy that aired on NBC from January 4, 1984, to May 31, 1992. The setting was the night shift of a Manhattan municipal court, Criminal Court Part 2, presided over by a young, unorthodox judge, Harold T. "Harry" Stone (played by Harry Anderson). The series was created by comedy writer Reinhold Weege, who had previously worked on "Barney Miller" in the 1970s and early 1980s.

Document 4766861:
Ecotourism in the Valdivian Temperate Rainforest
Valdivia Temperate Rainforest is an area between 36 and 47° S. consisting of a majority of the country Chile and a small part of Argentina totaling about 12.7 million hectares. The Valdivian forest is one of the few forested regions in the world with climate conditions to be considered a temperate climate. Its ecological systems provide habitat for a clustering of some of the highest biodiversity in the world. Many of the species are endemic to Valdivia and are decedents of Gondwana Species. For example, Araucaria araucana or "Monkey Puzzle Tree", and Fitzroya cupressoides "Alerce". Due to the region's unique landscape and biodiversity millions of visitors come to the area annually. National Parks in the region provide opportunities for many tourism operations. In an effort to help preserve and expand conserved areas Ecotourism or Sustainable Tourism plays a vital role. The economic benefits affect not only the park areas but also the local communities. Ecotourism accounts for 4.6% of Chile's GNP.

Document 6608323:
No. 70 Squadron IqAF
No. 70 Squadron is one of two reconnaissance squadrons of the Iraqi Air Force (IqAF), the other being the No. 3 Sqn IqAF based at Kirkuk Air Base.

Document 5659980:
Bianca A. Santos
Bianca Alexa Santos is an American actress, known for her roles as Lexi Rivera in the Freeform drama series "The Fosters", and as Lucy Velez in the MTV comedy series "Happyland". She also starred in the films "Ouija" (2014), "The DUFF" (2015), and "Priceless" (2016).

Document 5090433:
Mia Mont
Mia Mont (born November 3, 1989 in Lima, Peru) is a singer and songwriter who is of Peruvian origin. Mia is popular for singing the Spanish version of 'Dhoom Machale' song in Dhoom 3.

Document 2784071:
Turkish Regional Amateur League
The Turkish Regional Amateur League (known in Turkish as Bölgesel Amatör Lig) comprises a number of football leagues that make up the fifth tier of the Turkish football league system. The tier consists of thirteen groups across Turkey. Each season 9 teams are promoted to TFF Third League while the bottom two teams of each group are relegated to the Amatör Futbol Ligleri.

Document 1226440:
Brown Island (Washington)
Brown Island is a small, private island in Friday Harbor on San Juan Island, San Juan County, Washington, United States. It lies just offshore to the east-northeast of the town of Friday Harbor, Washington. The island has a land area of approximately 70 acre and on January 1, 2008 it had a resident full-time population of 10 people.

Document 2256271:
Young Guns (film)
Young Guns is a 1988 American western film directed by Christopher Cain and written by John Fusco. The film is the first installment in the "Young Gun film series" and the first to be produced by Morgan Creek Productions. The film stars Emilio Estevez, Kiefer Sutherland, Lou Diamond Phillips, Charlie Sheen, Dermot Mulroney, Casey Siemaszko, Terence Stamp, Terry O'Quinn, Brian Keith, and Jack Palance.

Document 3064864:
High Noon (disambiguation)
High Noon is a 1952 western film directed by Fred Zinnemann.

Document 7063033:
Gilbert Harding
Gilbert Charles Harding (5 June 1907 – 16 November 1960) was an English journalist and radio and television personality. His many careers included schoolmaster, journalist, policeman, disc-jockey, actor, interviewer and television presenter. He also appeared in several films, sometimes in character parts but usually as himself. Harding had a sizeable role alongside John Mills in the 1952 film "The Gentle Gunman" and narrated the introduction to the film "Pacific Destiny", 1956. He also made a couple of comedy records in the 1950s.

Document 3860246:
The Divide trilogy
The Divide trilogy is a fantasy young adult novel trilogy by Elizabeth Kay, which takes place in an alternate universe. The three books are "The Divide" (2002), "Back to The Divide" (2005), and "Jinx on The Divide" (2006). The first novel was originally published by the small press publisher Chicken House (now a division of Scholastic), with subsequent volumes published by Scholastic, which also reprinted the first novel. The books have been translated into French, German, Spanish, Finnish, Chinese, Japanese, Portuguese, Italian, Romanian and Dutch. Interior illustrations are by Ted Dewan.

Document 3800706:
Irish Fright
The Irish Fright was a mass panic that took place in England in December 1688, during the Glorious Revolution. It accompanied the final days of King James II's regime after his initially thwarted attempt to flee into exile in France. Troops of the Jacobite Irish Army were stationed in England to prop up James II's authority but were widely detested by the predominately Protestant population of England.

Document 4042807:
Wadjetrenput
Wadjetrenput was an Ancient Egyptian official with the title of a high steward. He was in office under the ruling queen Hatshesput (ruled about 1473 to 1458) . Wadjetrenput is known from several inscriptions, but none of them is dated, making it hard to provide an exact chronological position for the high official within the reign of the queen. He appears on an ostracon found at Deir el-Bahari also naming the official Senenmut. The latter is well known from the reign of the queen, providing evidence that he also lived in her times. He appears in a rock inscription in southern Egypt, near Aswan. The inscription mentions Hatshepsut and king Thutmoses III providing evidence that the queen sent him on mission to quarry stones (the region around Aswan is famous for its stone quarries). On so called name stones he also appears with the title "overseer of works in the Amun temple"

Document 7360154:
List of Square Enix companion books
Dozens of Square Enix companion books have been produced since 1998, when video game developer Square began to produce books that focused on artwork, developer interviews, and background information on the fictional worlds and characters in its games rather than on gameplay details. The first series of these books was the "Perfect Works" series, written and published by Square subsidiary DigiCube. They produced three books between 1998 and 1999 before the line was stopped in favor of the "Ultimania" (アルティマニア , Arutimania ) series, a portmanteau of ultimate and mania. This series of books is written by Studio BentStuff, which had previously written game guides for Square for "Final Fantasy VII". They were published by DigiCube until the company was dissolved in 2003. Square merged with video game publisher Enix on April 1, 2003 to form Square Enix, which resumed publication of the companion books.

Document 4045291:
International Holocaust Remembrance Day
International Holocaust Remembrance Day, is an international memorial day on 27 January commemorating the tragedy of the Holocaust that occurred during the Second World War. It commemorates the genocide that resulted in the death of an estimated 6 million Jewish people, 200,000 Romani people, 250,000 mentally and physically disabled people, and 9,000 homosexual men by the Nazi regime and its collaborators. It was designated by the United Nations General Assembly resolution 60/7 on 1 November 2005 during the 42nd plenary session. The resolution came after a special session was held earlier that year on 24 January 2005 during which the United Nations General Assembly marked the 60th anniversary of the liberation of the Nazi concentration camps and the end of the Holocaust.

Document 3578194:
Clemens J. Setz
Clemens J. Setz, born 15 November 1982 in Graz, is an Austrian writer and translator. He debuted in 2007 with the novel "Söhne und Planeten". His second novel, "Die Frequenzen", was shortlisted for the German Book Prize. He won the 2011 Leipzig Book Fair Prize with the short story collection "Die Liebe zur Zeit des Mahlstädter Kindes". In 2012 he was again shortlisted for the German Book Prize for the novel "Indigo", and in 2015 he received the Wilhelm Raabe Literature Prize for "Die Stunde zwischen Frau und Gitarre".

Document 4678901:
Habitability of binary star systems
Planets in binary star systems may be candidates for supporting extraterrestrial life. Habitability of binary star systems is determined by a large number of factors from a variety of sources. Typical estimates often suggest that 50% or more of all star systems are binary systems. This may be partly due to sample bias, as massive and bright stars tend to be in binaries and these are most easily observed and catalogued; a more precise analysis has suggested that the more common fainter stars are usually singular, and that up to two thirds of all stellar systems are therefore solitary.

Document 3684405:
Keep Your Heart Broken
"Keep Your Heart Broken" is a song by the Finnish alternative rock band The Rasmus, and the ninth track of their 2005 album "Hide from the Sun". It was written by lead-singer Lauri Ylönen.

Document 5815154:
Carroll Freeman
Carroll Freeman is an American operatic tenor, opera director, and music educator. He began his career as a prominent boy soprano in the 1960s. From the late 1970s through the mid 1990s he performed widely as a tenor with opera companies and orchestras in the United States. After that he worked as a director of opera productions with opera companies throughout North America. He is the former director of the opera program at the University of Tennessee and currently directs the opera program at Georgia State University. He is also the former Artistic Director of Mississippi Opera, Opera in the Ozarks at Inspiration Point, and opera studios at Knoxville Opera and Des Moines Metro Opera.

Document 5548190:
Putnam Township, Michigan
Putnam Township is a civil township of Livingston County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 7,500 at the 2000 census.

Document 4756912:
Aparichita
Aparichita (Kannada: ಅಪರಿಚಿತ ) is a 1978 Kannada, suspense oriented, thriller movie directed by Kashinath, starring Suresh Heblikar, Sobha, M. V. Vasudeva Rao and Mohan. It is a directorial debut movie of Kashinath. The music was composed by noted composer L. Vaidyanathan. The movie was critically acclaimed.Kashinath remade the movie in Hindi as Be-Shaque.

Document 9872833:
Pernem taluk
Pernem is a northmost administrative region or sub-district in North Goa.It acts as the Gateway of Goa from Maharashtra side. It is also the name of the town of Pernem, which is its headquarters. It has a Municipal Council. Geographically, Pernem is surrounded by Sawantwadi sub-district (Maharashtra State) on East, Arabian Sea on West, Bardez and Bicholim sub-district on south and Sawantwadi sub-district (Maharashtra State) on north.The two rivers which decide the boundary of this sub-district are Terekhol River and Chapora River. Terekhol river acts as a border of Maharashtra and Goa while Chapora river acts as a border of Pernem sub-district and Bardez sub-district.

Document 8478776:
KCTV
KCTV, virtual channel 5 (UHF digital channel 24), is a CBS-affiliated television station licensed to Kansas City, Missouri, United States and also serving Kansas City, Kansas. The station is owned by the Meredith Local Media subsidiary of the Meredith Corporation, as part of a duopoly with MyNetworkTV affiliate KSMO-TV (channel 62). The two stations share studio facilities located on Shawnee Mission Parkway (U.S. 56/U.S. 169) in Fairway, Kansas; KCTV maintains transmitter facilities located on East 31st Street in the Union Hill section of Kansas City, Missouri (adjacent to the studios of PBS member station KCPT (channel 19)). On cable, KCTV is available on Charter Spectrum, Comcast Xfinity and Consolidated Communications channel 3, and Google Fiber and AT&T U-verse channel 5. There is a high definition feed provided on Spectrum digital channel 1209, Xfinity channel 803, Consolidated channel 620 and U-verse channel 1005.

Document 7262661:
Science Fantasy (magazine)
Science Fantasy, which also appeared under the titles Impulse and SF Impulse, was a British fantasy and science fiction magazine, launched in 1950 by Nova Publications as a companion to Nova's "New Worlds". Walter Gillings was editor for the first two issues, and was then replaced by John Carnell, the editor of "New Worlds", as a cost-saving measure. Carnell edited both magazines until Nova went out of business in early 1964. The titles were acquired by Roberts & Vinter, who hired Kyril Bonfiglioli to edit "Science Fantasy"; Bonfiglioli changed the title to "Impulse" in early 1966, but the new title led to confusion with the distributors and sales fell, though the magazine remained profitable. The title was changed again to "SF Impulse" for the last few issues. "Science Fantasy" ceased publication the following year, when Roberts & Vinter came under financial pressure after their printer went bankrupt.

Document 1262370:
Holly Hynes
Holly Hynes is an accomplished costume designer with over 250 ballets to her credit, including more than 70 at the New York City Ballet. Ms. Hynes' designs are also on view in companies around the world, including American Ballet Theatre, San Francisco Ballet, Bolshoi Ballet, National Ballet of Canada, Kirov Ballet, Royal Ballet, Paris Opera Ballet, Royal Danish Ballet, La Scala Theatre Ballet, Koninklijk Ballet van Vlaanderen, Houston Ballet, BalletMet, Pennsylvania Ballet, Ballet Vancouver, Les Grands Ballets Canadiens, American Repertory Ballet, Pacific Northwest Ballet, Atlanta Ballet, Richmond Ballet, Nashville Ballet, Miami City Ballet, Alberta Ballet, Joffrey Ballet, Kansas City Ballet , and the Suzanne Farrell Ballet at The John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, where she serves as the resident costume designer.

Document 9313242:
Left Behind: The Kids
"Left Behind: The Kids (stylized as LEFT BEHIND >THE KIDS<)" is a series written by Jerry B. Jenkins, Tim LaHaye, and Chris Fabry. The series consists of 40 short novels aimed primarily at the young adult market based on the adult series Left Behind also written by Jerry B. Jenkins. It follows a core group of teenagers as they experience the rapture and tribulation, based on scriptures found in the Bible, and background plots introduced in the adult novels. Like the adult series, the books were published by Tyndale House Publishing, and released over the 7 year period of 1997-2004. The series has sold over 11 million copies worldwide.

Document 4789711:
Lam Chiu Ying
Lam Chiu-ying (), , also known by the nickname 'Black Ying' (), is a Hong Kong meteorologist, bird-watcher, conservationist and blogger. He was the director of the Hong Kong observatory 2003 through 2009. He is also an honorary fellow of the Royal Meteorological Society, an Honorary University Fellow of the University of Hong Kong as well as the honorary president of the Hong Kong Bird Watching Society. Microplanet 64288 Lamchiuying is named after Lam.

Document 9242417:
Vince Clarke
Vince Clarke (born Vincent John Martin; 3 July 1960) is an English synthpop musician and songwriter. Clarke has been the main composer and musician of the band Erasure since 1985, and was previously the main songwriter of several groups, including Depeche Mode, Yazoo and The Assembly.

Document 1366999:
Ahmed Djoghlaf
Ahmed Djoghlaf (born 25 November 1953 in Algiers), was the Executive Secretary of the Convention on Biological Diversity under the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) until 2012.

Document 2690500:
Stuart Gilmour
Gilmour began his career with Dundee United but made just one appearance, playing the whole match in the 1-0 Scottish Challenge Cup quarter-final away win over Clydebank in September 1995. Gilmour failed to appear in another matchday squad and was released the following close season. He subsequently played at Junior level, firstly with West Calder United, before signing for Whitburn in July 1998. Gilmour spent five years at Whitburn, winning the Scottish Junior Cup in 1999 and representing Scotland in junior internationals before retiring in 2003 at the age of 26.

Document 4996614:
South Deccan Plateau dry deciduous forests
The South Deccan Plateau dry deciduous forests is a dry broadleaf forest ecoregion of southern India. The eco-region lies in the southern Deccan Plateau, within the Western Ghats' rain shadow. It receives 900 to of rain annually, much less than the North Western Ghats moist deciduous forests and South Western Ghats moist deciduous forests that lie to the west. The ecoregion covers the southern portion of Karnataka's Malenadu region, extending south into the Kongu Nadu region of eastern Tamil Nadu.

Document 7668839:
Eldar Shengelaia
Eldar Shengelaia (Georgian: ელდარ შენგელაია ; Russian: Эльда́р Никола́евич Шенгела́я ; born 26 January 1933) is a Georgian and Soviet film director and screenwriter who directed ten films between 1957 and 1996. From 1990 to 2004, he was a member of the Parliament of Georgia. He has been awarded the titles of the People's Artist of Georgia (1979) and of the Soviet Union (1988). He has been a chairman of the Film-makers' Union of Georgia since 1976. Since 2008, he has been chairman of the State Council of Heraldry at the Parliament of Georgia.

Document 2784517:
Vishnu Basement Rocks
The Vishnu Basement Rocks is the name recommended for all Early Proterozoic crystalline rocks (metamorphic and igneous) exposed in the Grand Canyon region. They form the crystalline basement rocks that underlie the Bass Limestone of the Unkar Group of the Grand Canyon Supergroup and the Tapeats Sandstone of the Tonto Group. These basement rocks have also been called either the Vishnu Complex or Vishnu Metamorphic Complex. These Early Proterozoic crystalline rocks consist of metamorphic rocks that are collectively known as the "Granite Gorge Metamorphic Suite"; sections of the Vishnu Basement Rocks contain Early Paleoproterozoic granite, granitic pegmatite, aplite, and granodiorite that have intruded these metamorphic rocks, and also, intrusive Early Paleoproterozoic ultramafic rocks.

Document 1157641:
1952 Auburn Tigers football team
The 1952 Auburn Tigers football team represented Auburn University in the 1952 college football season. It was the Tigers' 61st overall and 20th season as a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). The team was led by head coach Ralph "Shug" Jordan, in his second year, and played their home games at Cliff Hare Stadium in Auburn, Legion Field in Birmingham and Ladd Memorial Stadium in Mobile, Alabama. They finished with a record of two wins and eight losses (2–8 overall, 0–7 in the SEC).

Document 5859627:
Vener Galiev
Vener Zaynullovich Galiev (Russian: Венер Зайнуллович Галиев ; Bashkir: Ғәлиев Венер Зәйнулла улы ) born 1 July 1975) is a Bashkir born-Russian amateur wrestler, sambist and mixed martial artist. He started his professional mixed martial arts career in 2004.

Document 3592303:
William A. Campbell (Tuskegee Airman)
Colonel William A. "Bill" Campbell (April 12, 1917 – April 24, 2012) was a highly decorated member of the famed group of World War II-era African American pilots known as the Tuskegee Airmen. He had a long and storied military career, having served as a wingman in the first combat mission of the Tuskegee Airmen, risen to the rank of Group Commander of the 332nd Fighter Group shortly after World War II, and then serving in both the Korean and Vietnam Wars.

Document 4802977:
Ingvar Carlsson (ice hockey)
Ingvar "Putte" Carlsson (born 16 September 1942) is a retired Swedish ice hockey player and head coach. As an assistant coach, he worked with Leif Boork and managed to lead Djurgården to the Le Mat-trophy in 1983. He became head coach for Djurgården during the 1987–88 season along with assistant coach Lasse Falk. The team became league champions, but was beaten by AIK in the quarterfinals. Carlsson most commonly used tactic was the Neutral zone trap, also known as "1–3–1" in Sweden. After his coaching career, Carlsson became Djurgården's general manager until he became general manager in Djurgården's football department in 2000. He kept his position as general manager until the beginning of 2003.

Document 2899743:
Etiquette &amp; Espionage
Etiquette & Espionage is a young adult steampunk novel by Gail Carriger. It is her first young adult novel, and is set in the same universe as her bestselling Parasol Protectorate adult series.

Document 2724954:
Theresa Records
Theresa Records was a jazz record company and label established in 1975 by Allen Pittman and B. Kazuko Ishida in El Cerrito, California. Its catalogue included Pharoah Sanders, George Coleman, and John Hicks. In the early 1990s Evidence Music bought the back catalogue and reissued it on CD.

Document 4026721:
Northern Ireland Assembly
The Northern Ireland Assembly (Irish: "Tionól Thuaisceart Éireann" , Ulster-Scots: "Norlin Airlan Assemblie") is the devolved legislature of Northern Ireland. It has power to legislate in a wide range of areas that are not explicitly reserved to the Parliament of the United Kingdom, and to appoint the Northern Ireland Executive. It sits at Parliament Buildings at Stormont in Belfast.

Document 4887669:
Hector Lombard
Hector Miguel Lombard Pedrosa (born 2 February 1978) is a Cuban-Australian professional mixed martial artist, bodybuilder, and former Olympic judoka who competes as a middleweight in the Ultimate Fighting Championship. He was the first ever Bellator Middleweight Champion.

Document 9899988:
Pat Thomas Stadium-Buddy Lowe Field
Pat Thomas Stadium-Buddy Lowe Field is a baseball stadium located in Leesburg, Florida. The Stadium has a capacity of about 2,000 people and was a former minor league baseball stadium and current amateur baseball stadium. The park was the first lighted baseball stadium in Florida and home to several minor and major league spring training camps. The stadium is located in the city's Venetian Gardens, on the shore of Lake Harris.

Document 4394393:
Tetradium ruticarpum
Tetradium ruticarpum is a tree that comes from China and Korea. It was previously classified in the genus "Euodia" as "Euodia ruticarpa". The fruit is usually used, denoted sometimes as "fructus". It has a strong bitter taste, and is used in traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) and is a recognized herb in Kampo. Both the former genus name and the species name are often misspelled, and the plant usually appears in sources dealing with traditional Chinese medicine as ""Evodia(e) rutaecarpa"".

Document 5731917:
National Football League Players Association
The National Football League Players Association, or NFLPA, is the labor organization representing the professional American football players in the National Football League (NFL). The NFLPA, which has headquarters in Washington, D.C., is led by president Eric Winston and executive director DeMaurice Smith. Founded in 1956, the NFLPA was established to provide players with formal representation to negotiate compensation and the terms of a collective bargaining agreement (CBA). The NFLPA is a member of the AFL–CIO, the largest federation of unions in the United States.

Document 2463496:
The Red Road (TV series)
The Red Road is an American drama television series that aired on SundanceTV from February 27, 2014 to May 7, 2015. This was SundanceTV's second fully owned scripted original series; the first was "Rectify". "The Red Road" was canceled after its second season, confirmed by Jason Momoa, who played Phillip Kopus in the series.

Document 6617751:
Downtown Norfolk, Virginia
Similarly, the advent of newer suburban shopping destinations spelled demise for the fortunes of downtown's Granby Street commercial corridor, located just a few blocks inland from the waterfront. Granby Street traditionally played the role as the premiere shopping and gathering spot in the Hampton Roads region and numerous department stores such as Smith & Welton (1898-1988), Rices Nachmans (1918-1985) and Ames and Brownley (1898-1973), fine hotels and theaters once lined its sidewalks. However, new suburban shopping developments promised more convenience and comfort. The opening of Pembroke Mall in Virginia Beach, the region's first climate controlled shopping mall, and JANAF Shopping Center in Norfolk's Military Circle area, helped foment Granby Street's spiral into commercial obsolescence. With amenities such as ample free parking at the door of one's favorite store, and in the case of Pembroke Mall, climate control, the businesses of downtown's Granby Street found it harder and harder to compete.

Document 2019943:
Wilfrid Dixon
Wilfrid Joseph Dixon (December 13, 1915 – September 20, 2008) was an American mathematician and statistician. He made notable contributions to nonparametric statistics.

Document 3472567:
Terri Runnels
Terri Lynne Boatright Runnels (born October 5, 1966) is an American retired professional wrestling manager, television host, and occasional professional wrestler. Runnels began her professional wrestling career in World Championship Wrestling (WCW) as Miss Alexandra York, manager of The York Foundation. She later joined the World Wrestling Federation (WWF), later renamed World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), where she worked for eight years.

Document 3535087:
Show-cause penalty
In the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA), a show-cause penalty is an administrative punishment ordering that any NCAA penalties imposed on a coach found to have committed major rules violations will stay in effect against that coach for a specified period of time—and could also be transferred to any other NCAA-member school that hires the coach while the sanctions are still in effect. Both the school and coach are required to send letters to the NCAA agreeing to abide by any restrictions imposed. They must also report back to the NCAA every six months until either the end of the coach's employment or the show-cause penalty (whichever comes first). If the school wishes to avoid the NCAA penalties imposed on that coach, it must send representatives to appear before the NCAA's Committee on Infractions and "show cause" (i.e., prove the existence of good reason) as to why it should not be penalized for hiring that coach. The penalty is intended to prevent a coach from escaping punishment for violations that he/she had a role in committing or allowing—-which are generally applied to the school (e.g., lost scholarships, forfeited and vacated wins)--by merely resigning and taking a coaching job at another, unpenalized school. It is currently the most severe penalty that can be brought against an American collegiate coach.

Document 1727239:
Deschampsia
Deschampsia is a genus of plants in the grass family, commonly known as hair grass or tussock grass. The genus is widespread across many countries.

Document 3493814:
Zonic Shockum
Zonic Shockum is an American alternative rock band formed in 1988 in Philadelphia.

Document 7184753:
46th Berlin International Film Festival
The 46th annual Berlin International Film Festival was held from 15 to 26 February 1996. The Golden Bear was awarded to British-American film "Sense and Sensibility" directed by Ang Lee. The retrospective dedicated to American film director, producer and screenwriter William Wyler was shown at the festival.

Document 3488634:
Cuyo Airport
Cuyo Airport (IATA: CYU, ICAO: RPLO) is an airport serving the municipalities of Magsaysay, Cuyo, and Agutaya. It is located within the boundaries of Barangay Lucbuan and Emilod in the town of Magsaysay in the main island of Cuyo Island. It is one of several airports in Palawan, the other being Puerto Princesa Airport, Cesar Lim Rodriguez Airport, El Nido Airport and Francisco Reyes Airport in the municipality of Busuanga. It is classified as a feeder airport by the Civil Aviation Authority of the Philippines, a body of the Department of Transportation that is responsible for the operations of not only this airport but also of all other airports in the Philippines except the major international airports.

Document 4701708:
Alabama gubernatorial election, 1994
The 1994 Alabama gubernatorial election was held on 8 November 1994 to select the governor of the state of Alabama. The election saw Republican Fob James defeat Democratic incumbent Governor Jim Folsom, Jr. in an upset.

Document 9320847:
Trafalgar Cemetery
The Trafalgar Cemetery is a cemetery in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar. Formerly known as the Southport Ditch Cemetery, it occupies a small area of land just to the south of the city walls, in what had been a defensive ditch during the period of Spanish rule of Gibraltar. Although it is named for the Battle of Trafalgar of 21 October 1805, only two victims of the battle are buried there. The remainder of the interments are mostly of those killed in other sea battles or casualties of the yellow fever epidemics that swept Gibraltar between 1804 and 1814. In addition, tombstones were transferred to the Trafalgar Cemetery from St. Jago's Cemetery and Alameda Gardens.

Document 6445244:
Old Kandahar
Old Kandahar (locally known as Zorr Shaar; Pashto: زوړ ښار‎ , meaning "Old City") is a historical section of the city of Kandahar in southern Afghanistan. It is thought its foundation was laid out by Alexander the Great in 330 BC under the name Alexandria Arachosia. and served as the local seat of power for many rulers in the last 2,000 years. It became part of many empires, including the Mauryans (322 BC–185 BC), Indo-Scythians (200 BC–400 AD), Sassanids, Arabs, Zunbils, Saffarids, Ghaznavids, Ghorids, Timurids, Mughals, Safavids, Hotakis and others. It was one of the main cities of Arachosia, a historical region sitting between Greater Iran and the Indus Valley Civilization. The city has been a frequent target for conquest because of its strategic location in Southern Asia, controlling the main trade route linking the Indian subcontinent with the Middle East, Central Asia and the Persian Gulf.

Document 3479340:
Windorah
Windorah is one of three towns in the Barcoo and a locality in Central West Queensland, Australia. It is stated that the town is named after the local Aboriginal word for "Big Fish", although according to an account of the Durack settlers, the name means "high, stony place." At the 2006 census , Windorah had a population of 158. In the 2016 census, Windorah's population had decreased to 115. 20.5% of the population identifies as indigenous.

Document 9933361:
Who Shot Ya?
"Who Shot Ya?" is a controversial hip-hop song by The Notorious B.I.G., a B-side to his 1995 hit single, "Big Poppa". The track was later released on the posthumous album "Born Again", the remastered edition of "Ready to Die", and "The Greatest Hits".

Document 8134419:
Mission Thunderbolt
Mission: Thunderbolt is a roguelike computer game with a futuristic storyline. It was originally developed and released on DEC mainframes as Doomsday 2000, a four-part game, and later ported to both Mac OS and Windows. "Mission: Thunderbolt" is part 1 of the Jaunt Trooper series and was released on both Mac OS and Windows. Part 2, Mission: Firestorm, was only released for Mac OS. The game was one of the first commercially released roguelikes. It put a graphical front end and a full set of sounds in place of the ASCII text traditional to roguelikes. It was also unique in the sheer number of actions/interactions possible. Being closed source, many mysteries of the game were never fully resolved.

Document 7339692:
Lee Keun-ho
Lee Keun-ho (Hangul: 이근호 , born: 11 April 1985) is a South Korean football player who plays for Gangwon FC and South Korea national team. His pace, work-rate, and link-up plays mark him as a highly rated forward in Asia.

Document 4763343:
Soil plant atmosphere continuum
The soil-plant-atmosphere continuum (SPAC) is the pathway for water moving from soil through plants to the atmosphere. Continuum in the description highlights the continuous nature of water connection through the pathway. The low water potential of the atmosphere, and relatively higher (i.e. less negative) water potential inside leaves, leads to a diffusion gradient across the stomatal pores of leaves, drawing water out of the leaves as vapour. As water vapour transpires out of the leaf, further water molecules evaporate off the surface of mesophyll cells to replace the lost molecules since water in the air inside leaves is maintained at saturation vapour pressure. Water lost at the surface of cells is replaced by water from the xylem, which due to the cohesion-tension properties of water in the xylem of plants pulls additional water molecules through the xylem from the roots toward the leaf.

Document 9951610:
Thiès
Thiès (pronounced "chess" in Noon language, ] ) is the third largest city in Senegal with a population officially estimated at 320,000 in 2005. It lies 72 km east of Dakar on the N2 road and at the junction of railway lines to Dakar, Bamako and St-Louis. It is the capital of Thiès Region and is a major industrial city.

Document 5972157:
Camba
Camba is a word historically used in Bolivia to refer to the indigenous population in the Eastern tropical region of the country, or to those born in the area of Santa Cruz, Beni, and Pando (the Eastern region of Bolivia). Nowadays, the term "Camba" is used predominately to refer to white and mestizo Bolivians largely of Spanish mixed with some Chane and other Amazonian descent born in the eastern lowlands in and around Santa Cruz de la Sierra.

Document 2681644:
Federico García Lorca
Federico del Sagrado Corazón de Jesús García Lorca, known as Federico García Lorca (] ; 5 June 1898 – 19 August 1936) was a Spanish poet, playwright, and theatre director.

Document 3379596:
Durango Micropolitan Statistical Area
The Durango Micropolitan Statistical Area is a United States Census Bureau defined Micropolitan Statistical Area located in the Durango area of the State of Colorado. The Durango Micropolitan Statistical Area is defined as La Plata County, Colorado. The Micropolitan Statistical Area had a population of 43,941 at the 2000 Census. A July 1, 2009 U.S. Census Bureau estimate placed the population at 51,464.

Document 4151566:
In a Different Voice
In a Different Voice: Psychological Theory and Women's Development is a book on gender studies by American professor Carol Gilligan, published in 1982, which Harvard University Press calls "the little book that started a revolution".

Document 6829443:
Thomas Murphy (Collector)
Thomas Murphy (1821 – August 17, 1901) was an Irish-American businessman and politician from New York City, serving as a New York state senator for a total of three terms, 1866 through 1867, and in 1879. He had joined the Republican Party and made his fortune selling equipment to the Union Army during the American Civil War. Afterward, he became part of the political machine run by US Senator from New York Roscoe Conkling, and was appointed as the Collector of the Port of New York from 1870 to 1871.

Document 3393028:
Fellini: I'm a Born Liar
Fellini: I'm a Born Liar (French: "Fellini, je suis un grand menteur" ) is a 2002 French documentary film written and directed by Damian Pettigrew. Based on Federico Fellini's last confessions filmed by Pettigrew in Rome in 1991 and 1992 (Fellini died in 1993), the film eschews straightforward biography to highlight the Italian director's unorthodox working methods, conscience, and philosophy.

Document 7408577:
L. Miller &amp; Son, Ltd.
L. Miller & Son, Ltd. was a British publisher of magazines, comic books, and pulp fiction intended primarily to take advantage of the British ban on importing printed matter. Between 1943 and 1966, the firm published British editions of many American comic books, primarily those of Fawcett Comics. They are best known for the 1954 creation of Marvelman — a blatant imitation of the Golden Age Captain Marvel — after America's Fawcett Publications capitulated to National Periodicals (DC Comics). (The two companies had fought a long legal battle in which National claimed Captain Marvel infringed on Superman's copyright.) L. Miller & Son also published a large line of Western comics, many reprints but also some original titles.

Document 2396638:
Tennessee Titans Cheerleaders
The Tennessee Titans Cheerleaders are the cheerleading squad of the Tennessee Titans of the NFL. The squad performs a variety of dance moves during home games at Nissan Stadium, and performs with Titans mascot T-Rac, as well as their junior squad. The squad was established in 1975 as the Derrick Dolls, and changed to the current name when the Titans (then known as the Oilers) moved to Tennessee. The group currently has 25 cheerleaders. The squad also makes USO trips, with the members making trips to Kuwait and Diego Garcia for their All-Star Super Bowl Tour. The squad holds auditions at Baptist Sports Park. Other than performances on the field, the squad also has made appearances on "The Oprah Winfrey Show" and "The Dr. Oz Show". Annually, the squad makes a swimsuit calendar. The squad also makes appearances off the field.

Document 8418631:
Tata 407
The Tata 407 is a light commercial vehicle manufactured by Tata Motors. The 1986 407 model sold more than 500,000 units. The 407 has a payload of 2.25 tonnes, an overall length of 4.7 metres, and a turning circle radius of 5.5 metres. Tata purchased all of the pressing tools for Steyr's 591/691-series of trucks in the mid-eighties, a truck which was itself derived from the 1967 Hanomag F-series.

Document 9809266:
Mel Epstein
Mel Epstein (March 25, 1910 in Dayton, Ohio – December 14, 1994) was an American film director and producer. He produced several films, including "Secret of the Incas" and "Alaska Seas". He also produced episodes of the 1961 television series "The Asphalt Jungle".

Document 1765250:
110 in the Shade
110 in the Shade is a musical with a book by N. Richard Nash, lyrics by Tom Jones, and music by Harvey Schmidt.

Document 5537143:
Tangambalanga
Tangambalanga , or Tangam for short, is a town in north-eastern Victoria, Australia. It is approximately 20 km south-east of the regional centre of Wodonga, in the Kiewa Valley, and 5 km from the Hume Weir. The residential district located near the intersection with the Kiewa Valley Highway is known as "Kiewa", with Tangambalanga proper beginning on the other side of the small valley flood plain. At the 2006 census , Tangambalanga had a population of 439.

Document 1355809:
Jonathan Rush (fencer)
Jonathan Rush (born 5 December 1984) is a Namibian fencer who competed in the 2013 World Fencing Championships held at Budapest, Hungary from 5–12 August; and in the 2013 African Championships held in Cape Town, South Africa.

Document 1854070:
Victoria Hanley
Victoria Hanley is an American young adult fantasy novelist. Her first three books, "The Seer And The Sword", "The Healer's Keep" and "The Light Of The Oracle" are companion books to one another. Her newest book (released March 2012) is the sequel of a series, called "Indigo Magic", published by Egmont USA. She's also published two non-fiction books through Cotton Wood Press; called "Seize the Story: A Handbook For Teens Who Like To Write", and "Wild Ink: A Grownups Guide To Writing Fiction For Teens".

Document 6057934:
Bailey County, Texas
Bailey County is a county located in the U.S. state of Texas. As of the 2010 census, the population was 7,165. This county is east from the New Mexico state line. Its county seat is Muleshoe. The county was created in 1876 and later organized in 1919. It is named for Peter James Bailey, a defender of the Alamo. (See List of Texas county name etymologies.)

Document 9618195:
Animorphs
Animorphs is a science fantasy series of young adult books written by Katherine Applegate and her husband Michael Grant, writing together under the name K. A. Applegate, and published by Scholastic. It is told in first person, with all six main characters taking turns narrating the books through their own perspectives. Horror, war, dehumanization, sanity, morality, innocence, leadership, freedom and growing up are the core themes of the series.

Document 1197778:
Captain America: Super Soldier
Captain America: Super Soldier is a third-person single-player video game published by Sega for Nintendo DS, PlayStation 3, Wii, Xbox 360, and Nintendo 3DS. It is based on the film "". The story of the game takes place during the events of the film, telling Captain America's adventures against the Red Skull and HYDRA.

Document 8316976:
Vision of Peace (Indian God of Peace)
The Vision of Peace is a statue in the three-story memorial concourse lobby along the Fourth Street entrance of the Saint Paul City Hall and Ramsey County Courthouse in Saint Paul, Minnesota, United States. The memorial to Minnesota 20th-century war dead was created by Swedish sculptor Carl Milles. He drew on memories of a Native American ceremony he witnessed in Ponca City, Oklahoma, when he designed the statue, "Indian God of Peace". Although there is no connection between Native American spirituality and his own vision, Milles depicted five Native Americans seated around a fire and holding their sacred pipes. Emerging from the smoke of those pipes is a “god of peace” which Milles imagined speaking to “all the world.”

Document 1060407:
Public Interest Watch
Public Interest Watch (PIW) was established in September 2002 by Mike Hardiman. The PIW website states that the group was created "in response to the growing misuse of charitable funds by nonprofit organizations and the lack of effort by government agencies to deal with the problem." In March 2006 the "Wall Street Journal" reported that PIW received approximately 95% of its funding from ExxonMobil during the fiscal year ended July 31, 2004.

Document 8707287:
Hundred of Abdick and Bulstone
The Hundred of Abdick and Bulstone is one of the 40 historical Hundreds in the ceremonial county of Somerset, England, dating from before the Norman conquest during the Anglo-Saxon era although exact dates are unknown. Each hundred had a 'fyrd', which acted as the local defence force and a court which was responsible for the maintenance of the frankpledge system. They also formed a unit for the collection of taxes. The role of the hundred court was described in the Dooms (laws) of King Edgar. The name of the hundred was normally that of its meeting-place.

Document 2847769:
Holiday Road
"Holiday Road" is a 1983 single written and recorded by Fleetwood Mac guitarist Lindsey Buckingham. The song was featured in the 1983 film "National Lampoon's Vacation". The song was also used in the sequels "National Lampoon's European Vacation", "Vegas Vacation" and "Vacation". While the song only peaked at No. 82 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, it has since become one of Buckingham's best known songs.

Document 1762444:
Stan of Arabia: Part 2
"Stan of Arabia: Part 2" is the sixth episode of the second season and the thirteenth overall episode of the animated comedy series "American Dad!". It aired on Fox in the United States on November 13, 2005, and is written by Carter Bays and Craig Thomas and directed by Anthony Lioi.

Document 4388982:
Don Dykes
Donald William "Don" Dykes (born 8 June 1930) is an English former professional footballer who made 95 appearances in the Football League playing for Lincoln City. He played as a wing half.

Document 5452689:
Sometimes It Snows in April
"Sometimes It Snows in April" is a song recorded by American musician Prince. It was included on his eighth studio album "Parade" (1986), and within the accompanying film "Under the Cherry Moon" (1986). Prince wrote and produced the song, along with Wendy & Lisa who provided additional lyrics for the composition. The song's narrator recounts memories of Christopher Tracy, Prince's character from "Under the Cherry Moon", and how Tracy's passing affected the narrator; it also expresses their desire to hopefully rejoin Tracy in heaven. "Sometimes It Snows in April" received significant attention after Prince's death on April 21, 2016, exactly thirty-one years after its recording date, allowing it to chart on several record charts worldwide.
