Below are some documents. I will give you a text at the end. Please find the document index of the text. Only give me the index without any document contents.

Document 3945353:
2007 Memorial Cup
The 2007 MasterCard Memorial Cup was played in May 2007 in Vancouver, British Columbia, at the Pacific Coliseum. It was the 89th annual Memorial Cup competition and determined the major junior ice hockey champion of the Canadian Hockey League (CHL). The tournament was competed between the WHL champion Medicine Hat Tigers, the OHL champion Plymouth Whalers, the QMJHL champion Lewiston Maineiacs, and the host team and tournament champion Vancouver Giants, who were competing in their second consecutive national junior championship. The Memorial Cup tournament was a four team tournament with a round-robin format. The Giants won their first Memorial Cup, defeating Medicine Hat 3–1 in the second all-WHL final in tournament history (the first was in 1989). The tournament set a new Memorial Cup attendance record with 121,561 fans attending the nine games. The previous record of 84,686 was set at the 2003 tournament in Quebec City.

Document 3642476:
Bleeding on probing
Bleeding on probing which is also known as bleeding gums or gingival bleeding is a term used by dentists and dental hygienists when referring to bleeding that is induced by gentle manipulation of the tissue at the depth of the gingival sulcus, or interface between the gingiva and a tooth. Bleeding on probing, often abbreviated BOP, is a sign of inflammation and indicates some sort of destruction and erosion to the lining of the sulcus or the ulceration of sulcular epithelium. The blood comes from lamina propria after the ulceration of the lining.

Document 5941179:
Edgewood Manor
Edgewood Manor is located in Clarksburg, West Virginia on the east side of US Route 19 and State Route 20 North just one-fourth of a mile off of the West Pike Street Exit off Route 50. Another much older house of the same name, Edgewood (Bunker Hill, West Virginia), where a Confederate general died in 1863, is located far to the east in another West Virginia county.

Document 4054824:
The System of Doctor Tarr and Professor Fether
"The System of Doctor Tarr and Professor Fether" is a dark comedy short story by the American author Edgar Allan Poe. First published in "Graham's Magazine" in November 1845, the story centers upon a naive and unnamed narrator's visit to a mental asylum in the southern province of France.

Document 7636992:
Claudia and David
Claudia and David is a 1946 film directed by Walter Lang. It stars Dorothy McGuire and Robert Young. Dorothy McGuire and Robert Young repeat their roles from the film "Claudia" (1943) Like its predecessor, "Claudia and David" was based on a series of short stories by Rose Franken, which also inspired a successful stage play and radio series.

Document 4992909:
Ulceby, North Lincolnshire
Ulceby is a village, civil parish and post town in North Lincolnshire, England. It is situated 0.5 mi north from the A180 road, 10 mi north-west from Grimsby and 14 mi east from Scunthorpe. Ulceby is a rural village surrounded by fields, farms and the nearby villages of Habrough, Wootton and Croxton.

Document 8329435:
Flux (metabolism)
Flux, or metabolic flux is the rate of turnover of molecules through a metabolic pathway. Flux is regulated by the enzymes involved in a pathway. Within cells, regulation of flux is vital for all metabolic pathways to regulate the pathway's activity under different conditions. Flux is therefore of great interest in metabolic network modelling, where it is analysed via flux balance analysis.

Document 9173859:
Aspidistra nikolaii
Aspidistra nikolaii is a plant species of the genus "Aspidistra" that was one of the new 21 species of plants and animals recently discovered in the Annamite Range of central Vietnam. It was named after a late Russian botanist named Nicolai Arnautov. It has a dark blue flower that is almost black.

Document 3981450:
Watch Hill (Cockermouth)
Watch Hill is a small hill lying on the north-western fringe of the Lake District in England. The name Setmurthy Common is sometimes used (including by Alfred Wainwright in his book "The Outlying Fells of Lakeland") to refer to the area including the highest point, with "Watch Hill" describing the area to the west of the summit. It should not be confused with another Watch Hill some 19 km to the south-west, near Whitehaven, which is only 172 m (564 ft) high. The name "The Hay" is also used when referring to the area west of the summit.

Document 9258194:
Loan modification in the United States
Loan modification is the systematic alteration of mortgage loan agreements that help those having problems making the payments by reducing interest rates, monthly payments or principal balances. Lending institutions could make one or more of these changes to relieve financial pressure on borrowers to prevent the condition of foreclosure. Loan modifications have been practiced in the United States since The 2008 Crash Of The Housing Market from Washington Mutual, Chase Home Finance, Chase, JP Morgan & Chase, other contributors like MER's. Crimes of Mortgage ad Real Estate Staff had long assisted nd finally the squeaky will could not continue as their deviant practices broke the state and crashed. Modification owners either ordered by The United States Department of Housing, The United States IRS or President Obamas letters from Note Holders came to those various departments asking for the Democratic process to help them keep their homes and protection them from explosion. Thus the birth of Modifications. It is yet to date for clarity how theses enforcements came into existence and except b whom, but t is certain that note holders form the Midwest reached out in the Democratic Process for assistance. FBI Mortgage Fraud Department came into existence. Modifications HMAP HARP were also birthed to help note holders get Justice through reduced mortgage by making terms legal. Modification of mortgage terms was introduced by IRS staff addressing the crisis called the HAMP TEAMS that went across the United States desiring the new products to assist homeowners that were victims of predatory lending practices, unethical staff, brokers, attorneys and lenders that contributed to the crash. Modification were a fix to the crash as litigation has ensued as the lenders reorganized and renamed the lending institutions and government agencies are to closely monitor them. Prior to modifications loan holders that experiences crisis would use Loan assumptions and Loan transfers to keep the note in the 1930s. During the Great Depression, loan transfers, loan assumption, and loan bail out programs took place at the state level in an effort to reduce levels of loan foreclosures while the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Federal Trade Commission, Comptroller, the United States Government and State Government responded to lending institution violations of law in these arenas by setting public court records that are legal precedence of such illegal actions. The legal precedents and reporting agencies were created to address the violations of laws to consumers while the Modifications were created to assist the consumers that are victims of predatory lending practices. During the so-called "Great Recession" of the early 21st century, loan modification became a matter of national policy, with various actions taken to alter mortgage loan terms to prevent further economic destabilization. Due to absorbent personal profits nothing has been done to educate Homeowners or Creditors that this money from equity, escrow is truly theirs the Loan Note Holder and it is their monetary rights as the real prize and reason for the Housing Crash was the profit n obtaining the mortgage holders Escrow. The Escrow and Equity that is accursed form the Note Holders payments various staff through the United States claimed as recorded and cashed by all staff in real-estate from local residential Tax Assessing Staff, Real Estate Staff, Ordinance Staff, Police Staff, Brokers, attorneys, lending institutional staff but typically Attorneys who are also typically the owners or Rental properties that are trained through Bankruptcies'. that collect the Escrow that is rightfully the Homeowners but because most Homeowners are unaware of what money is due them and how they can loose their escrow. Most Creditors are unaware that as the note holder that the Note Holder are due a annual or semi annual equity check and again bank or other lending and or legal intuitions staff claim this monies instead. This money Note Holders were unaware of is the prize of real estate and the cause of the Real Estate Crash of 2008 where Lending Institutions provided mortgages to people years prior they know they would eventually loose with Loan holders purchasing Balloon Mortgages lending product that is designed to make fast money off the note holder whom is always typically unaware of their escrow, equity and that are further victimized by conferences and books on HOW TO MAKE MONEY IN REAL STATE - when in fact the money is the Note Holder. The key of the crash was not the House, but the loan product used and the interest and money that was accrued form the note holders that staff too immorally. The immoral and illegal actions of predatory lending station and their staff began with the inception of balloon mortgages although illegal activity has always existed in the arena, yet the crash created "Watch Dog" like HAMP TEAM, IRS, COMPTROLLER< Federal Trade Commission Consumer Protection Bureau, FBI, CIA, Local Police Department, ICE ( The FBI online Computer crime division receives and investigates computer crimes that record keeping staff from title companies, lending institutional staff, legal staff and others created fraudulent documents to change payments and billing of note holders to obtain the money note holders are typically unaware of) and other watch dog agencies came into existence to examine if houses were purchased through a processed check at Government Debited office as many obtained free homes illegally. Many were incarcerated for such illegal actions. Modifications fixed the Notes to proper lower interest, escrow, tax fees that staff typically raised for no reason. Many people from various arenas involved in reals estate have been incarcerated for these actions as well as other illegal actions like charging for a modification. Additionally Modifications were also made to address the falsifications such as inappropriate mortgage charges, filing of fraudulently deeds, reporting of and at times filing of fraudulent mortgages that were already paid off that were fraudulently continued by lenders staff and attorneys or brokers or anyone in the Real Estate Chain through the issues of real estate terms to continue to violate United States Laws, contract law and legal precedence where collusion was often done again to defraud and steal from the Note Holder was such a common practice that was evidence as to why the Mortgage Crash in 2008 occurred for the purpose of wining the prize of stealing form Homeowners and those that foreclosed was actually often purposefully for these monies note holders were unaware of to be obtained which was why Balloon mortgages and loans were given to the staff in the Real Estate Market with the hoper and the expectation that the loan holders would default as it offered opportunity to commit illegal transactions of obtaining the homeowners funds. While such scams were addressed through modifications in 2008. The Market relied heavily on Consumers ignorance to prosper, ignorance of real estate terms, ignorance on what they were to be charged properly for unethical financial gain and while staff in real estates lending arenas mingled terms to deceive y deliberate confusion consumers out of cash and homes while the USA Government provided Justice through President Obamas Inception and IRS Inception of Modifications which addressed these unethical profits in Reals Estate. It was in 2009 that HARP, HAMP and Modifications were introduced to stop the victimization of Note Holders. Taking on the Banks that ran USA Government was a great and dangerous undertaking that made America Great Again as Justice for Consumers reigned. Legal action taken against institutions that have such business practices can be viewed in State Code of Law and Federal Law on precedent cases that are available to the public. Finally, It had been unlawful to be charged by an attorney to modify as well as fro banking staff to modify terms to increase a mortgage and or change lending product to a balloon in an concerted effort to make homeowner foreclose which is also illegal, computer fraud and not the governments intended purpose or definition of a modification.

Document 3816683:
Episcopal Diocese of Indianapolis
The Episcopal Diocese of Indianapolis, formerly known as the Episcopal Diocese of Indiana, is a diocese in Province V (for the Midwest region) of the Episcopal Church. It encompasses the southern two-thirds of the state of Indiana. Its see is in Indianapolis, Indiana, at Christ Church Cathedral. According to the diocesan newsletter, the diocese has 10,137 communicants in 49 parishes. The current bishop is Jennifer Baskerville-Burrows, the first African-American woman to serve as diocesan bishop in the Episcopal Church and the first woman to succeed another woman as a diocesan bishop in the Episcopal Church; Catherine Waynick served as bishop of the diocese from 1997 to 2017.

Document 2305378:
Kültepe
Kültepe (Turkish: "Ash Hill") is an archaeological site in Kayseri Province, Turkey. The nearest modern city to Kültepe is Kayseri, about 20 km southwest. It consists of a tell, the actual Kültepe, and a lower town, where an Assyrian settlement was found. Its name in Assyrian texts from the 20th century BC was Kaneš; the later Hittites mostly called it Neša, occasionally Aniša.

Document 3136551:
The White Viking
The White Viking (alternative title Embla, Icelandic: "Hvíti víkingurinn" , Norwegian: "Den hvite viking" ) is a 1991 film set in Norway and Iceland during the reign of Olaf I of Norway. The film loosely follows actual events.

Document 6556084:
Cassandra B. Whyte
Cassandra Bolyard Whyte is an American higher education administrator, teacher, and educational researcher. She is recognized for publication and leadership in the areas of higher education management, improving academic performance of students, campus planning and safety, predicting educational trends in colleges and universities, and encouraging creativity in curriculum development. She is also experienced in helping facilitate campus architectural planning to meet educational vision and programming as well as higher education human resources management and motivation.

Document 6818508:
Jealous (Nick Jonas song)
"Jealous" is a song performed by American recording artist Nick Jonas for his eponymous second studio album. It was released on September 8, 2014, by Island Records as the second single from the record. It was written by Jonas, Sir Nolan, Simon Wilcox, and the song was produced later by Sir Nolan.

Document 6338793:
2011 Cellular South Cup – Doubles
Vania King and Michaëlla Krajicek were the defending champions; however, they were eliminated by Olga Govortsova and Alla Kudryavtseva in the semifinals.

Document 3289279:
Acer beTouch E120
The Acer beTouch E120 is an Internet-enabled smartphone by Acer Inc that uses Android 1.6 operating system. It was officially presented at Computex 2010 in Tapei and it looks very similar to Acer beTouch E130

Document 2746679:
Rebecca Skloot
Rebecca L. Skloot (born September 19, 1972) is a freelance science writer who specializes in science and medicine. Her first book, "The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks" (2010), was one of the best-selling new books of 2010, staying on "The New York Times" Bestseller list for over 2 years and eventually reaching #1. It was made into a movie by Oprah Winfrey, which premiered on HBO on April 22, 2017 and starred Rose Byrne as Skloot.

Document 2695038:
Peugeot 104
The Peugeot 104 is a city car motor car designed by Paolo Martin and produced by the French car manufacturer Peugeot between 1972 and 1988. It was the first model produced at the company's Mulhouse . It was also the first new Peugeot introduced since 1955 not to be available with a diesel option.

Document 6360633:
2007 Football League Trophy Final
The 2007 Football League Trophy Final was the 24th final of the domestic football cup competition for teams from Football Leagues One and Two, the Football League Trophy. The final was played at the Millennium Stadium in Cardiff on 1 April 2007, the last time that the final would be played in the stadium. The match was contested by Bristol Rovers and Doncaster Rovers. Doncaster won the match 3–2 with Graeme Lee scoring the winning goal twenty minutes into extra-time.

Document 6147639:
Massachusetts gubernatorial election, 2002
The Massachusetts gubernatorial election of 2002 was held on November 5, 2002. Republican businessman and eventual 2012 presidential nominee Mitt Romney defeated Democratic State Treasurer Shannon O'Brien, and was elected to a four-year term, which he served from January 2, 2003 until January 4, 2007. Every four years, Massachusetts holds statewide elections for Governor, Lieutenant Governor, Attorney General, Secretary of the Commonwealth, State Treasurer, and Auditor. The primary election was September 17, 2002.

Document 6323132:
IHeartRadio Fiesta Latina
The iHeartRadio Fiesta Latina is a music festival sponsored by iHeartRadio. The inaugural 2014 edition was held for November 22 at The Forum in Inglewood, California, near Los Angeles. It was produced in association with Live Nation Entertainment. The festival is "a spin-off of the highly successful iHeartRadio Music Festival" dedicated to Latin music.

Document 3359604:
Margaret Douglas
Margaret Douglas, Countess of Lennox (8 October 1515 – 7 March 1578) was the daughter of the Scottish queen dowager Margaret Tudor and her second husband Archibald Douglas, 6th Earl of Angus. In her youth she was high in the favour of her uncle, Henry VIII of England, but twice incurred the King's anger, first for her unauthorised engagement to Lord Thomas Howard, who died in the Tower of London in 1537 because of his misalliance with her, and again in 1540 for an affair with Thomas Howard's nephew Sir Charles Howard, the brother of Henry's wife Catherine Howard. On 6 July 1544, she married Matthew Stewart, 4th Earl of Lennox, one of Scotland's leading noblemen. Her son Henry Stuart, Lord Darnley, married Mary, Queen of Scots, and was the father of James VI and I.

Document 7019382:
Androscoggin Bank Colisée
The Androscoggin Bank Colisée (formerly Central Maine Civic Center and Lewiston Colisee) is a 4,000 capacity (3,677 seated) multi-purpose arena, in Lewiston, Maine, that opened in 1958. In 1965 it was the location of the World Heavyweight Title fight during which one of the most famous sports photographs of the century was taken of Muhammed Ali standing over Sonny Liston.

Document 4706007:
When Worlds Collide: A Tribute to Daniel Amos
When Worlds Collide: A Tribute to Daniel Amos is an indie tribute album by a variety of artists that pays musical tribute to the band Daniel Amos and its chief songwriter Terry Scott Taylor. It was released in July 2000 by Ferris Wheel.

Document 9228157:
Dwyer Arena
The Robert and Concetta Dwyer Arena houses two ice surfaces, both 200 x 85 ft., and pro shop on Niagara University's campus in Lewiston, New York, United States. The main rink can seat up to 1,400 people and is the home to the Niagara Purple Eagles men's ice hockey team, which plays in Atlantic Hockey. The arena was formerly home to the women's ice hockey team, which played in College Hockey America.

Document 1473227:
Lewiston Maineiacs
The Lewiston Maineiacs were a junior ice hockey team of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League based in Lewiston, Maine. The team played its home games at the Androscoggin Bank Colisée. They were the second QMJHL team in the United States, and the only one to play a full season. They won the President's Cup in 2007.

Document 1543292:
Moruti Mthalane
Moruti Mthalane (born 6 October 1982), is a South African professional boxer with orthodox stance who goes by the nickname of "Babyface". His professional record includes 27 fights: 25 wins (16 knockouts), and 2 losses. He lives in Johannesburg, Gauteng, South Africa. He is the current IBO Flyweight champion and a former IBF Flyweight champion.

Document 4745298:
The Visitors (American punk band)
The Visitors were a Dallas, TX based punk band formed in early 1998 by the members of Fallout and a former member of the U.K. Subs.

Document 3922635:
Asian Television Content Corporation
Asian Television Content Corporation (ATC) is a Filipino TV broadcast programming content provider and the major blocktimer of the Intercontinental Broadcasting Corporation, a government-sequestred TV network founded in 1960. Its offices located at the # 85 Dona Justina St. Cor. Dalton St. Filinvest II, Brgy. Batasan Hills, Quezon City.

Document 7267813:
American Horror Story
American Horror Story is an American anthology horror series created and produced by Ryan Murphy and Brad Falchuk. Described as an anthology series, each season is conceived as a self-contained miniseries, following a different set of characters and settings, and a storyline with its own "beginning, middle, and end." Some plot elements of each season are loosely inspired by true events. The only actors to appear in all iterations of the

Document 3384080:
Robins Center
The Robins Center is a 7,201-seat multi-purpose arena in Richmond, Virginia. Opened in 1972, the arena is home to the University of Richmond Spiders basketball. It hosted the ECAC South (now known as the Colonial Athletic Association) men's basketball tournament in 1983. It is named for E. Claiborne Robins Sr, class of 1931, who, along with his family, have been leading benefactors for the school. The opening of the Robins Center returning Spider basketball to an on-campus facility for the first time since the mid-1940s when it outgrew Millhiser Gymnasium. In the intervening decades, the Spiders played home games in numerous locations around the Richmond area, including the Richmond Coliseum (1971–1972), the Richmond Arena (1954–1971), the Benedictine High School gymnasium (1951–1954), Grays' Armory (1950–1951) and Blues' Armory (1947–1950). The Robins Center arena serves as the location of the University of Richmond's commencement exercises and hosted a 1992 Presidential debate involving Bill Clinton, George H. W. Bush, and Ross Perot.

Document 6412383:
Cummins
Cummins, Inc. is an American Fortune 500 corporation that designs, manufactures, and distributes engines, filtration, and power generation products. Cummins also services engines and related equipment, including fuel systems, controls, air handling, filtration, emission control and electrical power generation systems. Headquartered in Columbus, Indiana, United States, Cummins sells in approximately 190 countries and territories through a network of more than 600 company-owned and independent distributors and approximately 6,000 dealers. Cummins reported net income of $1.65 billion on sales of $19.2 billion in 2014.

Document 6900247:
Billings Bulls
The Billings Bulls were a junior ice hockey organization based in Billings, Montana. They most recently played home games at the 550-seat Centennial Ice Arena and due to the arena's small size, the Bulls frequently sold out games. They previously played their home games in the Metrapark which had a max capacity of 9,000 for hockey games. However, a negotiating dispute with arena officials and local county commissioners resulted in the team losing its lease.

Document 7569981:
David Dollahite
David Dollahite (born December 17, 1958) is a professor of family life at Brigham Young University (BYU) who specializes in the effects of religion on marriage, family life, and youth. He is a co-leader (with Dr. Loren Marks) of the American Families of Faith project (http://AmericanFamiliesofFaith.byu.edu)

Document 6646557:
Downhearted
"Downhearted" is the third single released by Australian surf rock band Australian Crawl from their debut album "The Boys Light Up". The song was written by Sean Higgins, Guy McDonough and Bill McDonough. All three songwriters had been bandmates in the Flatheads, but at the time only Bill McDonough was a member of Australian Crawl. It was produced by David Briggs.

Document 3941912:
Darren Daulton
Darren Arthur Daulton (January 3, 1962 – August 6, 2017), nicknamed Dutch, was an American professional baseball player who played catcher in Major League Baseball (MLB). He played for the Philadelphia Phillies in 1983 and from 1985 through 1997, and for the Florida Marlins in 1997. Daulton was a three-time MLB All-Star with the Phillies, and won the Silver Slugger Award in 1992. Daulton won the 1997 World Series with the Marlins.

Document 6986539:
Buckskin Girl
Buckskin Girl is the nickname given to an unidentified female murder victim discovered in 1981 in Troy, Miami County, Ohio. She is known for her distinct hairstyle along with the tasseled suede jacket she wore. The victim may have been murdered by a serial killer who had killed many prostitutes or dancers in the area, although this specific case had no indication of sexual activity.

Document 7348231:
Long Lake Sagamore Seaplane Base
Long Lake Sagamore Seaplane Base (FAA LID: K03) is a privately owned, public use seaplane base on Long Lake in the Town of Long Lake, Hamilton County, New York, United States.

Document 2216878:
Sports in Richmond, Virginia
Richmond, Virginia, United States, is home to three professional sports teams, though none of which compete in any major professional league. Virginia is the most populated state without a major sports team. In 2008, the Richmond Braves minor league baseball team left for Gwinnett County, Georgia, and was replaced by the Richmond Flying Squirrels in 2010. But now, the Flying Squirrels' owner has threatened to leave Richmond if they do not replace their current stadium, The Diamond. The Richmond Kickers are a non-profit soccer team that plays at City Stadium.

Document 9324603:
Visa requirements for Dominican Republic citizens
Visa requirements for Dominican Republic citizens are administrative entry restrictions by the authorities of other states placed on citizens of the Dominican Republic. It is considered the weakest passport in Latin America for traveling, (along with the Haitian passport). As of 1 January 2017, Dominican Republic citizens had visa-free or visa on arrival access to 56 countries and territories, ranking the Dominican Republic passport 80th in terms of travel freedom (tied with Burkinabe and Mongolian passports) according to the Henley visa restrictions index.

Document 1030163:
Bruno Sorić
Bruno Sorić, Italicized to Bruno Sorich (May 16, 1904 in Zadar, Austria-Hungary – June 7, 1942), was a Croatian rower who competed for Italy in the 1924 Summer Olympics. In 1924 he won the bronze medal as crew member of the Italian boat in the eights competition.

Document 1636925:
2006–07 QMJHL season
The 2006–07 QMJHL season was the 38th season in the history of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League. The regular season ran from September 14, 2006 to March 18, 2007. Eighteen teams played 70 games each in the schedule. The Lewiston Maineiacs finished first overall in the regular season winning their first Jean Rougeau Trophy. Lewiston won 16 playoff games, losing only one, en route to their first President's Cup, defeating the Val-d'Or Foreurs in the finals.

Document 6185050:
Case Gym
Case Gym is a 1,800-seat multi-purpose arena at Boston University in Boston, Massachusetts. It opened in 1972 as part of the Harold Case Physical Education Center, which is named after the university's fifth president, Harold C. Case. The gym is referred to as "The Roof" because it is located on the top level of the building, above Walter Brown Arena. It is home to the Boston University Terriers men's and women's basketball teams, as well as the men's wrestling team. Basketball games are also played in Agganis Arena, and on occasion Walter Brown Arena. When Boston University left the America East Conference for the Patriot League in July 2013, they announced that all home men's basketball conference games would be played at Agganis Arena, with the non-conference games to be played at Case.

Document 6062779:
The Hottentot
The Hottentot is a lost 1929 American pre-Code film directed by Roy Del Ruth and starring Edward Everett Horton and Patsy Ruth Miller. It is based on a 1920 Broadway play, "The Hottentot", by William Collier, Sr. and Victor Mapes.

Document 4158036:
2011–12 QMJHL season
The 2011–12 QMJHL season was the 43rd season of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (QMJHL). The regular season, which consisted of seventeen teams playing 68 games each, began in September 2011 and ended in March 2012. This season was Blainville-Boisbriand Armada's first season in the league, as the team relocated to Boisbriand from Verdun where they played as the Montreal Junior Hockey Club from 2008 to 2011. The league lost one of his charter teams when the Lewiston Maineiacs folded during after the previous season, the QMJHL later announce an expansion team to Sherbrooke for the 2012-2013 season. In the playoffs, the Saint John Sea Dogs became the seventh team in league history to capture consecutive President's Cup championships.
