Below are some documents. I will give you a text at the end. Please find the document index of the text. Only give me the index without any document contents.

Document 1942977:
Snoecks
Snoecks is a Belgian magazine. The huge, 550-plus-page magazine appears once a year in October and focuses on the most interesting new international developments in the arts, photography and literature. In recent editions the book had features on artists such as Anton Corbijn, Larry Sultan, Matthew Barney, Terry Richardson, Ron Mueck, Alberto Garcia-Alix, Peter Lindbergh, Albert Watson, Desiree Dolron, Bettina Rheims, Diana Scheunemann, Timothy Greenfield-Sanders and Andres Serrano.

Document 3743303:
Sapium
Sapium is a genus of flowering plants in the family Euphorbiaceae. It is widespread across most of Latin America and the West Indies. Many Old World species were formerly included in the genus, but recent authors have redistributed all the Old World species into other genera.

Document 7870390:
Shahbaz Khan (hydrologist)
Shahbaz Khan (born in Jhelum Pakistan) is an Australian climatologist and hydrologist. He is currently Director of the UNESCO Cluster Office in Jakarta and Regional Bureau for Science in Asia and the Pacific; serving as UNESCO Representative to Indonesia, Brunei Darussalam, Malaysia, the Philippines and Timor Leste. In his previous role at UNESCO he was Chief of Section on Sustainable Water Resources Development and Management at UNESCO, Paris. His work at UNESCO includes the Water Education for Sustainable Development, Hydrology for Environment, Life and Policy (HELP), Ecohydrology, Water and Ethics, Energy and Food Nexus within the International Hydrological Programme (IHP). He advises UN member states on environmental policies, review of curricula, and securing multilateral support for research and education projects especially in the Asia-Pacific region.

Document 3733132:
Donald Evans (American football)
Donald Lee Evans (born March 14, 1964 in Raleigh, North Carolina) is a former American football defensive end who played eight seasons in the National Football League for the Los Angeles Rams, Philadelphia Eagles, Pittsburgh Steelers, and New York Jets. He attended high school in Raleigh at Athens Drive High School, graduating in 1982.

Document 5645358:
Mark Coleman
Mark Daniel Coleman (born December 20, 1964) is a retired American mixed martial artist, professional wrestler, former NCAA collegiate wrestler and former Olympic amateur wrestler. Known as The Hammer, he was the UFC 10 and UFC 11 tournament champion, the first UFC Heavyweight Champion, and the Pride Fighting Championships 2000 Open Weight Grand Prix champion. At UFC 82 Coleman was inducted into the UFC Hall of Fame. At the age of retirement he was taking 150,000 USD salary per year.

Document 6012883:
Kimbridge
Kimbridge is a small village and civil parish in the Test Valley district of Hampshire, England. Its nearest town is Romsey, which lies approximately 4 miles (6.3 km) south-east. Originally called "King's Bridge" in Civil War times. According to the 2011 census, the population was approximately 144. It consists mainly of a Farm Shop and Restaurant ("Annies") and a trout farm. Most of the area is owned and managed by Kimbridge Estates, but there are a small number of private houses - including a large mansion on the water's edge. The bridge itself is on some of the best fishing waterway in the country. The Test Way long distance footpath passes through the village, as does the Cardiff-Southampton railway.

Document 9581776:
Shorkot
Shorkot (Urdu: ‎ ), (Punjabi: ), is a city in the Punjab, Pakistan. It is also a capital city of Shorkot Tehsil in Jhang district. It is located at 30°30'N 72°24'E with an altitude of 131 metres (433 ft). The city is famous for the tombs of Sufis Sultan Bahoo, Syed Bahadur Ali Shah, Shah Mehmood Ghazi (also known as "Ghazi Pir") and Syed Mehboob Alam Shah Gilani. The tomb of the latter is in the centre of the town. He was born in king Jahangir's era and died in 1079 (Hijri), at the time of Aurangzeb.king Aurangzeb came to see him at shorkot and after a meeting become his disciple.and granted vast tract of land around the shorkot to the family of Syed Mehboob Alam Gillani.Later king Shah Alam II built a tomb of PIr Mehboob Aalam which is great symbol of Mughal architecture is still exist in the centre of the city.

Document 4468370:
Braintree, Massachusetts
Braintree ( ), officially the Town of Braintree, is a suburban New England city in Norfolk County, Massachusetts, United States. Although officially known as a town, Braintree adopted a municipal charter, effective 2008, with a mayor-council form of government and is considered a city under Massachusetts law. The population was 35,744 at the 2010 census. The town is part of the Greater Boston area with access to the MBTA Red Line and is a member of the Metropolitan Area Planning Commission's South Shore Coalition. The first and current mayor of Braintree is Joe Sullivan. Braintree, Massachusetts is named after Braintree, Essex in England.

Document 1833006:
Winston Mensa-Wood
Lieutenant General Winston Mensa-Wood is a retired Ghanaian military officer and served as the twenty-third Chief of Defence Staff of the Ghana Armed Forces from June 1990 to March 1992. He took over from Lieutenant General Arnold Quainoo and handed over to Air Marshal Achilles Harry Kwami Dumashie. Prior to that, he was Chief of Army Staff from 1987 to 1990.

Document 3905824:
Doctor Zhivago (film)
Doctor Zhivago (Italian: "Il dottor Zivago") is a 1965 British-Italian epic romantic drama film directed by David Lean. It is set in Russia between the years prior to World War I and the Russian Civil War of 1917–1922, and is based on the Boris Pasternak novel of the same name. While immensely popular in the West, the book was banned in the Soviet Union for decades. For this reason, the film could not be made in the Soviet Union and was instead filmed mostly in Spain.

Document 2716512:
2005–06 AS Monaco FC season
The 2005–06 season was AS Monaco FC's 49th season in Ligue 1. They finished tenth in Ligue 1, and were knocked out of the Coupe de la Ligue by Nice, in the Semifinals, and the Coupe de France by Colmar at the Last 32. Monaco started the season under the management of Didier Deschamps, but after a poor start and disagreement with the clubs President, Michel Pastor, Deschamps resigned from the club on 19 September 2005. Jean Petit was appointed as manager follow Deschamps' departure with Francesco Guidolin taking over from him in October.

Document 6069153:
In the Crease
In the Crease (the youth hockey experience) is a feature-length documentary film that follows the real-life story of a teenage hockey team's quest to win a national championship and also stars over a dozen NHL players sharing their own hockey triumphs. The film was produced and directed by Matthew Gannon and Michael Sarner, distributed by Stickmen Pictures LLC, aired on Versus on January 20, 2008 and was released on DVD on October 26, 2006.

Document 5742531:
Applix
Applix Inc. was a computer software company founded in 1983 based in Westborough, Massachusetts that published Applix TM1, a multi-dimensional online analytical processing (MOLAP) database server, and related presentation tools, including Applix Web and Applix Executive Viewer. Together, Applix TM1, Applix Web and Applix Executive Viewer were the three core components of the Applix Business Analytics Platform. (Executive Viewer was subsequently discontinued by IBM.)

Document 5638619:
North-West University Botanical Garden
The North-West University Botanical Garden on the Potchefstroom Campus of the North-West University (NWU) is the only botanical garden in the North West Province of South Africa. The Garden spans just under three hectares and is open to the public.

Document 7273172:
Index Magazine
index Magazine was a prominent New York City based publication with in-depth interviews with prominent figures in art and culture. It was created by Peter Halley and Bob Nickas in 1996, running until late 2005. Covering the burgeoning Indie culture of the 1990s, index regularly employed such rising photographers as Juergen Teller, Terry Richardson, Wolfgang Tillmans, and Ryan McGinley, and featured interviews with figures including Björk, Brian Eno, Marc Jacobs, and Scarlett Johansson, mixing new talents and established names in music, film, architecture, fashion, art, and politics. In addition to famous personalities, the publication also featured a mix of interviews with not so-famous New York personalities such as Queen Itchie or Ducky Doolittle.

Document 4776753:
Saudi Cricket Centre
Saudi Cricket Centre is the official governing body of the sport of cricket in Saudi Arabia. Its current headquarters is located in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. Saudi Cricket Centre is Saudi Arabia's representative at the International Cricket Council and is an affiliate member and has been a member of that body since 2003. It is also a member of the Asian Cricket Council.

Document 6124763:
Input hypothesis
The input hypothesis, also known as the monitor model, is a group of five hypotheses of second-language acquisition developed by the linguist Stephen Krashen in the 1970s and 1980s. Krashen originally formulated the input hypothesis as just one of the five hypotheses, but over time the term has come to refer to the five hypotheses as a group. The hypotheses are the input hypothesis, the acquisition–learning hypothesis, the monitor hypothesis, the natural order hypothesis and the affective filter hypothesis. The input hypothesis was first published in 1977.

Document 4153037:
Terry Richardson
Terrence "Uncle Terry" Richardson (born August 14, 1965) is an American fashion and portrait photographer who has shot advertising campaigns for Marc Jacobs, Aldo, Supreme, Sisley, Tom Ford, and Yves Saint Laurent among others. He has also done work for magazines such as "Rolling Stone", "GQ", "Vogue", "Vanity Fair", "Harper's Bazaar", "i-D", and "Vice".

Document 6454894:
Fiordland penguin
The Fiordland penguin ("Eudyptes pachyrhynchus"), also known as the Fiordland crested penguin (in Māori, tawaki or "pokotiwha"), is a crested penguin species endemic to New Zealand. It currently breeds along the south-western coasts of New Zealand's South Island as well as on Stewart Island/Rakiura and its outlying islands. Because it originally ranged beyond Fiordland, it is sometimes referred to as the New Zealand crested penguin.

Document 1460542:
Bay Fair station
Bay Fair is a Bay Area Rapid Transit station located near the Bayfair Center in San Leandro, California. The station is in BART District 3 and is represented by Bob Franklin.

Document 9665455:
Piano Girl
Piano Girl (Turkish: "Deli Deli Olma" ) is a 2009 Turkish comedy-drama film, directed by Murat Saraçoğlu, starring Tarık Akan and Şerif Sezer as two elderly people forced to question their histories and reveal their big secrets. The film, which went on nationwide general release across Turkey on  17, 2009 (2009--) , was the opening film at the Sinema Burada Film Festival in İzmir, Turkey, and has since been screened in competition at a number of other film festivals, including the 46th Antalya Golden Orange Film Festival, where, according to Terry Richardson, writing for Today's Zaman, "the rapt audience gave it a standing ovation."

Document 9127895:
Amanda Lepore
Amanda Lepore (born November 21, 1967) is an American transgender model, celebutante, singer, and performance artist. The former Club Kid has appeared in advertising for numerous companies. Lepore is also noted as a regular subject in photographer David LaChapelle's work, serving as his muse, as well as many other photographers, such as Terry Richardson and . She participated in LaChapelle's "Artists and Prostitutes 1985–2005" exhibit in New York City, where she "lived" in a voyeuristic life-sized set. Lepore has also released several singles, many written by and/or recorded with Cazwell. In 2011, she released her debut studio album, "I...Amanda Lepore", on Peace Bisquit.

Document 5227836:
A Dozen Roses (You Remind Me)
"A Dozen Roses (You Remind Me)" is a song by American recording artist Monica, taken from her fifth studio album "The Makings of Me" (2006). It was written by rapper-producer Missy Elliott and Corte Ellis, with production helmed by the former along with David "Davey Boy" Lindsey and Cliff Jones. Similar to songs that Monica used to record with Elliott for her previous album, "After the Storm" (2003), the mid-tempo love song draws from the genres from R&B, hip hop, neo soul, as well as quiet storm and contains limited elements of 1960s Motown soul music. Built around a sample of the 1972 recording "The Makings of You", written and performed by Curtis Mayfield, its lyrics detail a woman's admiration for a man.

Document 8700708:
First Battle of Adobe Walls
The First Battle of Adobe Walls was a battle between the United States Army and American Indians. The Kiowa, Comanche and Plains Apache (Kiowa Apache) tribes drove from the battlefield a United States Expeditionary Force that was reacting to attacks on white settlers moving into the Southwest. The battle, on November 25, 1864, resulted in light casualties on both sides but was one of the largest engagements fought on the Great Plains.

Document 8954031:
One Crazy Summer
One Crazy Summer is a 1986 romantic comedy film written and directed by Savage Steve Holland, and starring John Cusack, Demi Moore, Bobcat Goldthwait, Curtis Armstrong and Joel Murray. The original film score was composed by Cory Lerios.

Document 7663113:
Piece by Piece (film)
Piece By Piece is a documentary film directed by Nic Hill. The film documents San Francisco's graffiti culture from the early 1980s to 2004. It is narrated by the San Francisco graffiti artist Senor One, better known as Renos. The "San Francisco Bay Guardian"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s Cheryl Eddy singled the film out as the highlight of the 2006 Hi/Lo film festival, calling it "an educational experience" and "a thoughtful document". In a full review for that same paper, Johnny Ray Huston said it was "a thorough history that still makes time ... for abstract, lyrical flowing passages". Huston complained that sections such as those featuring Tie One or Reminisce could make movies in themselves, and wished to see more detailing of artists' entries into the legitimate art world. He concluded that the film and director "succeeded at a mighty task" and were interested in displaying "a deep but entertaining understanding of the city as both a historical site and a nexus for contemporary change". Rory L. Aronsky in "Film Threat" wrote that the documentary "gets this graffiti culture completely right" while for Dennis Harvey in "Variety" it was "an excellent overview of two decades' graffiti in San Francisco".

Document 6007595:
Mother and Children
Mother and Children (also known as La Promenade) is an Impressionist painting by Pierre-Auguste Renoir that is housed in the Frick Collection. Although the painting is most commonly known as "Mother and Children", Renoir presented it with the title "La Promenade" in 1876. The painting is displayed in an alcove under a set of stairs at the Frick. Jill Bialosky wrote in her memoir "History of a Suicide: My Sister's Unfinished Life" that, when she and her mother visited the Frick, "Mother and Children" reminded her of what life was like with her mother and sister Kim before Kim died.

Document 7485495:
Étude
An étude ( ; ] , a French word meaning "study") is an instrumental musical composition, usually short, of considerable difficulty, and designed to provide practice material for perfecting a particular musical skill. The tradition of writing études emerged in the early 19th century with the rapidly growing popularity of the piano. Of the vast number of études from that era some are still used as teaching material (particularly pieces by Carl Czerny and Muzio Clementi), and a few, by major composers such as Frédéric Chopin, Franz Liszt and Claude Debussy, achieved a place in today's concert repertory. Études written in the 20th century include those related to traditional ones (György Ligeti) and those that require wholly unorthodox technique (John Cage).

Document 6850369:
Lotus 32
The Lotus 32 was a Formula 2 racing car built by Team Lotus in 1964. It was developed from the Lotus 27 Formula Junior model. Twelve cars were produced, four of which were run by Ron Harris Team Lotus, whose drivers included Jim Clark and Mike Spence. Spence won the 1964 Autocar British Formula 2 Championship while Clark was fourth in the Trophées de France Championship.

Document 9644791:
Kenton Richardson
Kenton Terry Richardson (born 26 July 1999) is an English professional footballer who plays as a defender for League Two side Hartlepool United.

Document 6641903:
Stefan Söderholm
Stefan "Dino" Söderholm (born 23 May 1979) is a Swedish bandy manager and former player (midfielder) who most recently managed Sandvikens AIK. Söderholm was brought up by Edsbyns IF. Söderholm has played for the Swedish national bandy team making his debut in the 2001–02 season. Söderholm has been a member of Swedish championship winning squads in the 1999–2000, 2001–02 and 2002–03 seasons for Sandvikens AIK and the 2003–04 season for Edsbyns IF He was also a member of the Bandy World Cup winning squad in 2001–02 season.

Document 5234408:
Moss Eccles Tarn
Moss Eccles Tarn is a tarn on Claife Heights, near Near Sawrey in the Lake District, Cumbria. It is currently owned by the National Trust for Places of Historic Interest or Natural Beauty and known as an attractive tarn for fishing and walking. It is known for its association with Beatrix Potter – she owned the tarn and donated it to the National Trust after her death, and it served as inspiration for some of her stories.

Document 4660940:
Jingshan County
Jingshan County () is a county of Jingmen City, in central Hubei Province, People's Republic of China. It is bordered on the north by the Dahong Mountain and on the south by the Jianghan Plain. The county has an area of over 3,520 km2 . It has one economic development zone, jurisdiction over 14 towns and a total population of 640,000. Jingshan is located approximately one hour's drive from the provincial capital Wuhan.

Document 9611430:
Ricardo, Texas
Ricardo is a small census-designated place in Kleberg County, Texas, United States. Located on HWY 77 between Kingsville and Riviera. It consists of a Farmers Co-Op, a convenience store, and an elementary/junior high school. The school's mascot is a Yellow Jacket. Since there is no high school, students either attend Kaufer High School in Riviera, Academy High School in Kingsville, Bishop High School, or H.M. King High School in Kingsville.

Document 4754238:
15 Maiden Lane
15 Maiden Lane is a 1936 American crime film directed by Allan Dwan and starring Claire Trevor and Cesar Romero, with Lloyd Nolan. The plot involves an insurance investigator (Trevor) who infiltrates a gang who had stolen jewels from the eponymous building on Maiden Lane in the Fulton Street District of Manhattan. The neighborhood had been the center of New York City's Diamond District since the 19th century before its gradual relocation uptown to 47th Street after World War II. The Museum of Modern Art in New York City screened a restored print of the film in June 2013 as part of an Allan Dwan retrospective.

Document 5514473:
Justification and excuse
Justification and excuse are different defenses in a criminal case. Both defenses admit that the defendant committed an act proscribed by law. The proscribed act has justification if the act had positive effects that outweigh its negative effects, or is not wrong or blameworthy. The proscribed act is excused if the defendant's violation was not entirely voluntary, such as if they acted under duress or under a false belief. "Martin v. Ohio" (1986) established that states may make justification an affirmative defense, placing the burden of proof on defendant. "Patterson v. New York" (1977) established that states may make excuses, such as involving mental state, an affirmative defense, rather than part of the mens rea element the prosecution must prove beyond a reasonable doubt.

Document 1123271:
Stuart Carlson
Stuart Carlson is a former editorial cartoonist for the "Milwaukee Journal Sentinel". His cartoons usually followed the moderate editorial stance of that paper.

Document 2516524:
David Beigelman
David Beigelman (1887–1945; also spelled Dawid Bajgelman, Dawid Beigelman), born in Ostrovtse, Radomir Gubernie, Poland was a Polish violinist, orchestra leader, and composer of Yiddish theatre music and songs. He was born to a musical family in Łódź where he composed and performed in Yiddish theatres at a young age. He became director of the Lodz Yiddish Theater in 1912.

Document 5620085:
Jane Gilmore Rushing
Jane Gilmore Rushing (November 15, 1925 – July 4, 1997) was a Texan novelist and journalist, who used to be a staff writer for the "Abilene Reporter-News" in Abilene, Texas. Her works are the subject of "Jane Gilmore Rushing: A West Texas Writer and Her Work", a book by Lou Halsell Rodenberger, former professor of English at McMurry University in Abilene, Texas. Rushing grew up in Pyron, a West Texas farming community now recognizable only by a cemetery and railroad sign. From childhood, she wanted to be a writer. In seven novels published between 1963 and 1984, she built her stories around themes that few West Texas writers had dared to tackle. Most of her work centers on cotton farms and early ranches in a land she calls the “too-late frontier”. Her plots explore such sensitive topics as an affair between a mulatto girl and a West Texas cowboy and the painful recognition in an early-nineteenth-century community that one of their own is capable of child and wife abuse. Lou Halsell Rodenberger explores Rushing’s life and discusses in depth her novels and memoir. She finds that although Rushing considered herself a regional writer, her fiction transcends region in illuminating what has motivated and sustained the western frontier’s settlers and their descendants. In addition to her novels, Rushing co-authored with Kline A. Nall a history of Texas Tech University. Her final book, "Starting from Pyron," explores the history and people of the community she grew up in and that inspired her writing.

Document 4160157:
Robbery Under Arms (1985 film)
Robbery Under Arms is a 1985 Australian action adventure film starring Sam Neill as bushranger Captain Starlight. Joined by bush larrikin, Ben Marston (Ed Devereaux), and Ben’s two adventure-hungry sons (Steven Vidler and Christopher Cummins), Starlight leads his gang of wild colonial boys in search of riches, romance – and other men’s cattle.

Document 7316209:
Cobham plc
Cobham plc is a British manufacturing company based in Wimborne Minster, Dorset, England. It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index. According to Defense News it is the 51st largest defence firm in the world, and the fifth largest in the UK, based on 2013 revenue.

Document 1149283:
EA Sports Big
EA Sports Big was a brand name used by Electronic Arts from 2000 to 2008 to distribute casual and extreme sports games that featured non-realistic, arcade features similar to Midway's sports games. "SSX" was the first game to be published by EA Sports Big. Later games such as "FIFA Street" (2012) and "SSX" (2012) dropped the EA Sports BIG branding and were released simply under EA Sports. The EA Sports Big name and branding was conceived by Steven Rechtschaffner, the Executive Producer of "SSX", "SSX Tricky", "SSX 3", and "NBA Street Vol. 2". The EA Sports Big intro voice that boomed the word "BIG" was voiced by human beatbox and former member of The Roots, Rahzel.

Document 3219862:
Jehmu Greene
Jehmu Greene (born June 22, 1972) is an American television commentator, social justice advocate, and political and media strategist. She was born in Washington, D.C. and grew up in Austin, Texas. The daughter of Liberian immigrants, Greene is a first generation American.

Document 8829893:
Ghidorah, the Three-Headed Monster
Ghidorah the Three-Headed Monster (三大怪獣　地球最大の決戦 , San Daikaijū: Chikyū Saidai no Kessen ) is a 1964 Japanese science fiction kaiju film featuring Godzilla, produced by and distributed by Toho. The film is directed by Ishirō Honda, with special effects by Eiji Tsuburaya and stars Yosuke Natsuki, Hiroshi Koizumi, and Akiko Wakabayashi, with Haruo Nakajima as Godzilla, Masanori Shinohara as Rodan, and Shoichi Hirose as King Ghidorah. It is the fifth film in the "Godzilla" franchise and Shōwa series and was the second "Godzilla" film produced that year (production began following "Mothra vs. Godzilla").

Document 2813693:
Cotoneaster dammeri
Cotoneaster dammeri, the bearberry cotoneaster, is a species of flowering plant in the genus "Cotoneaster", belonging to the Rosaceae family, native to central and southern China (Gansu, Guizhou, Hubei, Sichuan, Tibet and Yunnan) and naturalized in Europe.

Document 5339593:
Clotilde Kainerstorfer
Clotilde Kainerstorfer (2 July 1833 – 26 September 1897) was an Austrian composer born in Hall in Tirol. She composed sacred works and published ten pieces for piano and organ in Augsburg in 1878 as her first known compositions. She died in 1897 in Linz.

Document 4595669:
Hanna Kokko
Hanna Kokko (born 1971) is a scientist, working in the field of evolution and ecology. She was a Professor of Evolutionary Biology at Helsinki University, Finland, and at the Australian National University as a Professor of Evolutionary Ecology. She is currently Professor in Evolutionary Ecology at the University of Zürich. She has been awarded the 2010 Per Brinck Oikos Award and the British Ecological Society's Founder's Prize. Her move to Australia followed her appointment as an Australian Laureate Fellow. She was also made a Fellow of the Australian Academy of Science in 2014.

Document 2071008:
Ron Carter
Ronald Levin "Ron" Carter (born May 4, 1937) is an American jazz double bassist. His appearances on 2,221 recording sessions make him the most-recorded jazz bassist in history. Carter is also a cellist who has recorded numerous times on that instrument.

Document 1141997:
Chinese Ghouls and Goblins
Chinese Ghouls and Goblins is a book on the supernatural in Chinese folklore written by British author Gerald Willoughby-Meade and published in London in 1928. (It was possibly published earlier in New York in 1926, but the records are so far indeterminate.)

Document 9082229:
Double-hulled tanker
A double-hulled tanker refers to an oil tanker which has a double hull. They reduce the likelihood of leaks occurring than in single-hulled tankers, and their ability to prevent or reduce oil spills led to double hulls being standardized for oil tankers and other types of ships including by the International Convention for the Prevention of Pollution from Ships or MARPOL Convention. After the Exxon Valdez oil spill disaster in Alaska in 1989, the US Government required all new oil tankers built for use between US ports to be equipped with a full double hull.

Document 8110298:
Gheorghe Cosma
Gheorghe Cosma (born 1892, died 1969) was a Romanian Major-General during World War II. He began his career in 1940 as Chief of Staff Higher Technical Department. In 1941, he served as Commanding Officer 6th Artillery Regiment and Chief of Staff Higher Technical Department. He was Commanding Officer 9th Artillery Brigade in 1942, and in 1943 was Commanding Officer 13th Artillery Brigade and General Officer Commanding Artillery VII Corps. He became a prisoner of war in 1944, but that same year served as General Officer Commanding Artillery Mountain Corps. In 1945, he was General Officer Commanding Artillery 4th Army, General Officer Commanding 18th Division, General Officer Commanding 19th Division, and Commandant Artillery Instruction Center. Cosma went into reserve in 1945 and retired in 1947.

Document 7278533:
Jennifer Todd
Jennifer Todd (born October 3, 1969 in Los Angeles, California) is an American film producer. After serving as President of Film at the Mark Gordon Company, she accepted the position of President of Pearl Street Films, the production company of actors Ben Affleck and Matt Damon.

Document 8410774:
Madonna (book)
Madonna is a biography by English author Andrew Morton, chronicling the life of American recording artist Madonna. The book was released in November 2001 by St. Martin's Press in the United States and in April 2002 by Michael O'Mara Books in the United Kingdom. Morton decided to write a biography on Madonna in 2000. The release was announced in April 2001 by St. Martin's Press. President and publisher Sally Richardson described the biography to contain details about Madonna's ambitions, her relationships and her lifestyle.

Document 7831185:
Gumbo (PJ Morton album)
Gumbo is the fourth and first self-released studio album by American singer-songwriter PJ Morton. It was released on April 14, 2017, by Morton Records, as the follow-up to his third studio album "New Orleans" (2013). The record incorporates R&B styles with elements of older soul music; its lyrics discuss themes of romance and explores political and personal themes. The album is entirely produced by Morton himself and features guest appearances by Pell, BJ the Chicago Kid and R&B singer Anthony Hamilton's back-up group, The HamilTones. The album features a cover of the Bee Gees' "How Deep Is Your Love".

Document 4546544:
Lady Gaga x Terry Richardson
Lady Gaga x Terry Richardson is a photo-book by American singer Lady Gaga and American photographer Terry Richardson, released on November 22, 2011 by Grand Central Publishing. The book features more than 350 pictures of Gaga as taken by Richardson during a ten-month period from Gaga's performance at The Monster Ball Tour till the 2011 Grammy Awards. In addition to photographs, it includes a foreword written by the singer about her relationship with Richardson. The duo had collaborated on other projects prior to the shooting of the book.

Document 2497984:
Annie Morton
Annie Morton (born October 8, 1970) is an American model born in Pennsylvania. She has appeared on the covers of "British Vogue", "ID", "Marie Claire", and other magazines. She has been photographed by Helmut Newton; Peter Lindbergh; Annie Leibovitz; Richard Avedon; Juergen Teller; Paul Jasmin, Mary Ellen Mark and Terry Richardson, and modeled for Donna Karan, Givenchy, Guerlain, Chanel, "Harper's Bazaar", "Sports Illustrated" and Victoria's Secret. A long time vegetarian, an advocate for organic lifestyle choices and natural healthcare. She co-founded Tsi-La Organics, a "Green Luxury" company that creates and sells vegan, organic perfume and skin care products.

Document 5782670:
Yamara
Yamara is a comic strip created by Barbara Manui and Chris Adams, and is a satire of role-playing games and fantasy settings. It debuted in Dragon Magazine with the June 1988 issue, and ran until the December 1995 issue. A "Yamara" collection (up through at least the feature from "Dragon" No. 202, and including descriptions of each of the characters), was released circa 1994. This collection was original published by Steve Jackson Games, and later became available on the "Yamara" website. A handful of new episodes reappeared online as early as December 1996, and the web strip series officially relaunched online in 2005. The old episodes from Dragon and Valkyrie magazines are currently all online. A new chapter, "The Working Title War," was posted on Thursdays from May 23, 2005 to October 5, 2006.

Document 1336422:
Groningen
Groningen (] ; Gronings: "Grunnen") is the main municipality as well as the capital city of the eponymous province in the Netherlands. With a population of 202,567 as of 2017 , it is the largest city in the north of the Netherlands. An old city, Groningen was the regional power of the northern Netherlands, a semi-independent city-state and member of the German Hanseatic League. Groningen is a university city: it houses the University of Groningen (with about 30,000 students) and the Hanze University of Applied Sciences (with about 25,000 students).

Document 5381318:
Aid to Russia Fund
Aid to Russia Fund (Russian: Фонд помощи России ) - During World War II Mrs. Clementine Churchill was Chairman of the Red Cross Aid to Russia Fund,

Document 9734854:
Allocasuarina robusta
Allocasuarina robusta is a species of the "Allocasuarina" genus native to Australia.

Document 4713654:
CKE Restaurants
CKE Restaurants Holdings, Inc., is the parent company of the Carl's Jr., Hardee's, Green Burrito, and Red Burrito quick-service restaurant ("QSR") brands. The company's headquarters are located in Carpinteria, California. On March 4, 2016, CKE Restaurants Holdings, Inc. announced that they would be consolidating their corporate offices in St. Louis, Missouri and Carpinteria, California and moving them to the Nashville, Tennessee area at the Franklin Park office complex. CKE’s Anaheim, Calif.-based office will remain open.
