Below are some documents. I will give you a text at the end. Please find the document index of the text. Only give me the index without any document contents.

Document 8593275:
My Princess Academy
My Princess Academy is a website and same-named attendant virtual princess world that empowers girls to be a “new kind of Princess” by teaching the “4 Pillars” of being a real princess: generosity, intelligence, beauty and confidence. Created for girls ages three to seven, My Princess Academy lets girls create their own princess avatar, princess room, and play games and activities. The brand also teaches girls how to become their own kind of princesses, their best selves, defined not only by physical beauty but by inner beauty.

Document 7017692:
Sublingual papilla
The sublingual papilla or sublingual fold is a small fold of soft tissue located on each side of the frenulum linguae binding the lips to the gums within the mouth.

Document 7389943:
Macron Stadium
Macron Stadium (formerly Reebok Stadium) is the home stadium of English Championship club Bolton Wanderers, and is located on the Middlebrook Retail Park, Horwich in the Metropolitan Borough of Bolton, Greater Manchester.

Document 3225862:
Osage State Fishing Lake
Osage State Fishing Lake is located in northern Osage County, Kansas. It is a mile east of US 75. Scranton, Kansas, is to the lake's northwest and Overbrook, Kansas, is to the northeast. Osage Lake is a freshwater man-made lake, constructed in 1955. It has a surface area of 140 acres, The parkland in which the lake is contained has 366 acreas of land, mostly tall grass prairie with numerous wooded areas. The lake is owned by the State of Kansas.

Document 6245463:
Peperomia
Peperomia (radiator plant) is one of the 2 large genera of the Piperaceae family, with more than 1000 recorded species. Most of them are compact, small perennial epiphytes growing on rotten wood. More than 1500 species have been recorded, occurring in all tropical and subtropical regions of the world, though concentrated in Central America and northern South America. A limited number of species (around 17) are found in Africa.

Document 4353806:
Plynteria
Plynteria (Gr. πλυντήρια ) was a festival of ancient Greece celebrated at Athens every year, on the 22nd of Thargelion, in honor of Athena Polias, with the heroine Aglauros (or with the two combined as Athena Aglauros), whose temple stood on the Acropolis. The festival's name came from "plynein" (πλύνειν ), a Greek verb meaning "to wash".

Document 8004117:
The Nymphs (album)
The Nymphs is the only full-length studio album recorded by the American rock band The Nymphs. It was produced by Bill Price, and released in 1991 on Geffen Records. There were music videos made for "Imitating Angels" and "Sad and Damned," neither of which attained commercial recognition. Iggy Pop sang on "Supersonic". The band broke up a few months after release.

Document 4518395:
Felizes para Sempre?
Felizes para Sempre? (in English, "Happily Ever After?") is a Brazilian television mini-series directed by Fernando Meirelles and written by Euclydes Marinho. It aired from 26 January to 6 February 2015 on Rede Globo.

Document 5203716:
Open Up (Cog song)
"Open Up" is a maxi single released by the Australian rock band Cog in March 2003. It contains a cover of the Public Image Limited/Leftfield track "Open Up", a two and a half minute extension of the track, full length versions of tracks that appeared, edited, on previous releases, and a remix of "Open Up" by producer Sean Boucher and DJ, DJ Silk. This is the first release that Luke Gower played on.

Document 8086467:
John Bonham
John Henry Bonham (31 May 1948 – 25 September 1980) was an English musician and songwriter, best known as the drummer for the British rock band Led Zeppelin. Bonham was esteemed for his speed, power, fast bass-drumming, distinctive sound, and "feel" for the groove. He is considered one of the greatest rock drummers.

Document 5479152:
2011 LSU Tigers football team
The 2011 LSU Tigers football team represented Louisiana State University in the 2011 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The Tigers were led by seventh-year head coach Les Miles and played their home games at Tiger Stadium. They were a member of the Western Division of the Southeastern Conference. They finished the season 13–1, 8–0 in SEC play to be Western Division champions. They represented the division in the SEC Championship Game where they defeated Eastern Division champion Georgia 42–10 be crowned SEC champions. They finished the season ranked #1 in the final BCS poll to earn a spot in the BCS National Championship Game vs #2 Alabama. The Tigers, who had defeated Alabama 9–6 in the regular season, lost to the Crimson Tide 0–21. It was the first time a team was ever shut out in a BCS game.

Document 4422567:
David Lurie
David Lurie (born 1951) is a photographer living and working in Cape Town.

Document 5797075:
Baxter Arena
Baxter Arena (previously known under the working name UNO Community Arena) is the sports arena owned and operated by the University of Nebraska Omaha located in Omaha, Nebraska. Completed in 2015, Baxter Arena serves as the home of several of the university's sports teams, known as the Omaha Mavericks. The arena opened to the public on October 23, 2015 when the Mavericks men's ice hockey team hosted Air Force, winning 4–2.

Document 5825775:
Chinese University of Hong Kong
The Chinese University of Hong Kong (CUHK) is a public research university in Shatin, Hong Kong formally established in 1963 by a charter granted by the Legislative Council of Hong Kong. It is the territory's second oldest university and was founded as a federation of three existing colleges – Chung Chi College, New Asia College and United College – the oldest of which was founded in 1949.

Document 8673695:
Downtown Kansas City
Downtown Kansas City is the central business district (CBD) of Kansas City, Missouri and the Kansas City metropolitan area. It is between the Missouri River in the north, to 31st Street in the south; and from the Kansas–Missouri state line east to Bruce R. Watkins Drive as defined by the Downtown Council of Kansas City; the 2010 Greater Downtown Area Plan formulated by the City of Kansas City defines the Greater Downtown Area to be the city limits of North Kansas City and Missouri to the north, the Kansas–Missouri state line to the west, 31st Street to the south and Woodland Avenue to the east. However, the definition used by the Downtown Council is the most commonly accepted.

Document 6408662:
Luke Coffey
Luke Coffey (born 1979) is an American political adviser and US Army veteran. Coffey formerly worked as a Special Adviser to Liam Fox, the ex-Secretary of State for Defence in the United Kingdom. He is currently a Margaret Thatcher Fellow at The Heritage Foundation, an American conservative think tank.

Document 2786278:
Paul (film)
Paul is a 2011 science fiction road comedy film directed by Greg Mottola and written by and starring Simon Pegg and Nick Frost. The film is about two science fiction geeks who meet an extraterrestrial being, voiced by Seth Rogen, with a sarcastic manner and an appetite for alcohol and cigarettes. They help the alien escape the FBI agents pursuing him, so he is able to return to his home planet. The film contains numerous references to other science fiction films, especially those of Steven Spielberg, as well as to general science fiction fandom.

Document 3438177:
Just Nuts
Just Nuts is a 1915 short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd playing the character that preceded his glasses character. It is also the only surviving film featuring Lloyd as Willie Work. Prints of the film survive in the film archives at George Eastman House and the Museum of Modern Art.

Document 1423996:
Just Say Yes (compilation album)
Released on November 4, 1987, Just Say Yes is the first volume of Sire Records' "Just Say Yes" promotional CD sampler series. It contains "both hard-to-find numbers by the label's established artists and tempting introductions to its promising new artists."

Document 4646403:
Saafir
Reggie Gibson, better known as Saafir, is an emcee, producer and actor from Oakland, California. He is also a member of the rap group "Golden State Project" (formerly known as Golden State Warriors) with Ras Kass and Xzibit. Born in Oakland, California, he lived with Tupac Shakur and became a dancer for Digital Underground. Saafir took part in one of the most notorious Bay Area rap battles, when he and members of the Hobo Junction went against Casual and members of the Hieroglyphics Crew. The battle took place live on KMEL. There has never been a real decision as to who won the battle. Saafir admits that during the battle he simultaneously used premeditated and freestyle rhymes claiming during lyrical warfare a true combatant leaves nothing to chance making sure his opponents face heavy artillery and an arsenal of weaponry.

Document 2040738:
I Can't Stop This Feeling I've Got
"I Can't Stop This Feeling I've Got" is a song by the English indie rock band Razorlight, and is the sixth track on their 2006 second album, "Razorlight". The song was released 19 March 2007 as the fourth single from that album in the United Kingdom, peaking at #44 in the UK Singles Chart.

Document 2808009:
University of Kansas
The University of Kansas, often referred to as KU or Kansas, is a public research university in the U.S. state of Kansas. The main campus in Lawrence, one of the largest college towns in Kansas, is on Mount Oread, the highest elevation in Lawrence. Two branch campuses are in the Kansas City metropolitan area: the Edwards Campus in Overland Park, and the university's medical school and hospital in Kansas City. There are also educational and research sites in Parsons, Topeka, Garden City, Hays, and Leavenworth, and branches of the medical school in Wichita and Salina. The university is one of the 62 members of the Association of American Universities.

Document 2936178:
1984 Hawthorn Football Club season
The 1984 Hawthorn Football Club season was the clubs 60th season in the Victorian Football League (VFL). Hawthorn entered the season as the defending VFL Premiers.

Document 6266549:
Physician gag law
In the United States, a physician gag law is a law that prohibits physicians from asking their patients about whether the patient owns a gun. In some cases, these laws may also restrict the ability of physicians to counsel their patients about gun safety. The term was first used to describe the "Firearm Owners' Privacy Act," a law that was supported by the National Rifle Association and passed in Florida in 2011, which prohibited doctors from “making written inquiry or asking questions concerning the ownership of a firearm or ammunition by the patient or by a family member of the patient.” The law passed in Florida was later challenged by the American Academy of Pediatrics, and was blocked in 2012 when judge Marcia G. Cooke, of the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida, issued an injunction against its implementation. In 2014, Cooke's decision was reversed by the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals, which ruled to uphold the law. Since 2011, twelve other states besides Florida have introduced similar laws, and although Florida's is the most restrictive in the country, similar (albeit watered-down) laws have been enacted in Minnesota, Missouri and Montana.

Document 6669584:
Kansas Song
Kansas Song (We’re From Kansas) is a fight song of the University of Kansas.

Document 1902651:
Concordat of Worms
The Concordat of Worms (Latin: "Concordatum Wormatiense" ), sometimes called the Pactum Calixtinum by papal historians, was an agreement between Pope Calixtus II and Holy Roman Emperor Henry V on September 23, 1122, near the city of Worms. It brought to an end the first phase of the power struggle between the Papacy and the Holy Roman Emperors and has been interpreted as containing within itself the germ of nation-based sovereignty that would one day be confirmed in the Treaty of Westphalia (1648). In part this was an unforeseen result of strategic maneuvering between the Church and the European sovereigns over political control within their domains. The King was recognised as having the right to invest bishops with secular authority ("by the lance") in the territories they governed, but not with sacred authority ("by ring and staff"). The result was that bishops owed allegiance in worldly matters both to the pope and to the king, for they were obliged to affirm the right of the sovereign to call upon them for military support, under his oath of fealty. Previous Holy Roman Emperors had thought it their right, granted by God, to name Church officials within their territories (such as bishops) and to confirm the Papal election (and, at times of extraordinary urgency, actually name popes). In fact, the Emperors had been heavily relying on bishops for their secular administration, as they were not hereditary or quasi-hereditary nobility with family interests. A more immediate result of the Investiture struggle identified a proprietary right that adhered to sovereign territory, recognising the right of kings to income from the territory of a vacant diocese and a basis for justifiable taxation. These rights lay outside feudalism, which defined authority in a hierarchy of personal relations, with only a loose relation to territory. The pope emerged as a figure above and out of the direct control of the Holy Roman Emperor.

Document 6793064:
Dominic Byrne
Dominic Anthony Byrne (born 10 November 1972) is a newsreader and presenter. He currently works on the Chris Moyles Breakfast show on Radio X, having previously worked as the newsreader for Capital FM on the Capital FM Breakfast Show. Prior to this he had worked with the BBC from 1997 to 2012, most notably as part of the on-air team on "The Chris Moyles Show" on BBC Radio 1 from 2004 to 2012, working as the newsreader and contributing to the show's zoo format. He also worked as a newsreader elsewhere on Radio 1, and presented on the BBC News Channel. He also runs his own voice training business called Open Mouth Productions. He returned to the new format of "The Chris Moyles Show" on Radio X in 2015, reading the news.

Document 7401894:
Snowplow
A snowplow (also snow plow, snowplough or snow plough) is a device intended for mounting on a vehicle, used for removing snow and ice from outdoor surfaces, typically those serving transportation purposes. Although this term is often used to refer to vehicles mounting such devices, more accurately they are known as winter service vehicles, especially in areas that regularly receive large amounts of snow every year, or in specific environments such as airfields. In other cases, pickup trucks and front end loaders are outfitted with attachments to fulfill this purpose. Some regions that do not frequently see snow may use graders to remove compacted snow and ice off the streets. Snowplows can also be mounted on rail cars or locomotives to clear railway tracks.

Document 3456660:
Iekei Ramen
Iekei Ramen (家系ラーメン , Iekei Rāmen ) is a ramen noodle bar chain originating from a ramen bar called "Yoshimura-ya" located in Yokohama, Japan. The name "Iekei" literally means "house-type" from the "kanji" "家". The chain uses pork and soy sauce as the base for their soup, and thick, flat noodles. The bowl usually comes with slices of roast pork, "nori" seaweed, and spinach, but there are other variations such as eggs, the number of pork slices, and the amount of seaweed.

Document 1214253:
Agathe von Trapp
Agathe Johanna Erwina Gobertina von Trapp (12 March 1913 – 28 December 2010) was the eldest daughter of Georg von Trapp and his first wife, Agatha Whitehead von Trapp. She was also a member of the Trapp Family Singers, whose lives were the inspiration for the play and film "The Sound of Music". She was portrayed as the character "Liesl".

Document 9453929:
Open API
An open API (often referred to as a public API) is a publicly available application programming interface that provides developers with programmatic access to a proprietary software application or web service. APIs are sets of requirements that govern how one application can communicate and interact with another. APIs can also allow developers to access certain internal functions of a program, although this is not typically case for web APIs. In the simplest terms, an API allows one piece of software to interact with another piece of software, whether within a single computer via a mechanism provided by the operating system or over an internal or external TCP/IP-based or non-TCP/IP-based network . In the late 2010s, many APIs are provided by organisations for access with HTTP. APIs may be used by both developers inside the organisation that published the API or by any developers outside that organisation who wish to register for access to the interface.

Document 3700047:
Mary Pope Osborne
Mary Pope Osborne (born May 20, 1949) is an American author of children's books. She is best known for the award-winning and bestselling "Magic Tree House" series, which has been translated into more than 33 languages and has sold more than 135 million copies worldwide. Mary Pope Osborne is an ardent advocate and supporter of children’s literacy, and the award-winning author of more than 100 books for children and young adults, including novels, retellings of mythology and folklore, picture books, biographies, and mysteries. Ms. Osborne is also the coauthor of the companion Magic Tree House Fact Trackers series with her husband, Will Osborne, and her sister, Natalie Pope Boyce.

Document 4370359:
Mai Thứ
Mai Trung Thứ (An Dương, 1906-Clichy-la-Garenne, 10 October 1980), or Mai Thứ, was a Vietnamese-French painter. He was one of the graduates of the 1st (1925 - 1930) entering class of the École des Beaux-Arts de l'Indochine in Hanoi. He lived and worked mostly in France. His main subjects were women, children and daily life, incorporating some traditional Vietnamese conceptions about fine arts and folk arts. All his work, apart from a few oil paintings, is silk painting with gouache, by rubbing and colours applied as solids.

Document 1949670:
South Portland Bus Service
South Portland Bus Service is a municipally-owned suburban provider of mass transportation. Because the city of South Portland opted out of the Greater Portland Transit District, this community runs its own separate three-route bus service. Two routes serve major shopping areas and loop through major residential streets, funneling residents locally and giving them access to downtown Portland. A third route provides access to Willard Beach and Southern Maine Community College, with all three routes going to downtown Portland.

Document 3983202:
Partha Dasgupta
Sir Partha Sarathi Dasgupta, FRS, FBA (born 17 November 1942), is the Frank Ramsey Professor Emeritus of Economics at the University of Cambridge, United Kingdom; Fellow of St John's College, Cambridge, and Visiting Professor at the New College of the Humanities, London. He was born in Dhaka, present-day Bangladesh, then moved to present-day India, and is the son of the noted economist Amiya Kumar Dasgupta. He is married to Carol Dasgupta, who is a psychotherapist. His father-in-law was the Nobel Laureate James Meade. Partha and Carol Dasgupta have three children, Zubeida Dasgupta-Clark (an educational psychologist), Shamik (a philosophy professor at Berkeley) and Aisha (who works on reproductive health in poor countries).

Document 5951637:
Praise to the Lord, the Almighty
"Praise to the Lord, the Almighty" is a hymn based on Joachim Neander's German hymn "Lobe den Herren, den mächtigen König der Ehren", published in 1680. John Julian in his A Dictionary of Hymnology calls the German original "a magnificent hymn of praise to God, perhaps the finest creation of its author, and of the first rank in its class."

Document 7988821:
Stuff (Stuff album)
Stuff is the debut studio disc by the group Stuff, a team of renowned session musicians. Released in 1976 on Warner Bros., it was produced by Herb Lovelle and jazz producer Tommy LiPuma. The record earned RIAA gold status, and the group would go on to record two more studio discs, each of which also went gold.

Document 3258817:
University of the Incarnate Word
The University of the Incarnate Word (UIW) is a private Catholic university whose main campus is located in San Antonio and Alamo Heights, Texas, United States. Founded in 1881 by the Sisters of Charity of the Incarnate Word, the university's main campus is located on 154 acre .

Document 5875114:
Napeague State Park
Napeague State Park is a 1364 acre state park in the town of East Hampton in Suffolk County, New York. The largely undeveloped park stretches across the entire narrow width of the South Fork of Long Island from the Atlantic Ocean to Gardiners Bay and Block Island Sound. The park is located on either side of the Montauk Highway (New York Route 27) on the "Napeague Stretch" between Amagansett and Montauk. The hamlet of Napeague is located on the park's edge.

Document 6909569:
French and Saunders Still Alive
French and Saunders: Still Alive! is a 2008 tour by comedy duo Dawn French and Jennifer Saunders. They performed in the UK in February - May in 2008 and were at Drury Lane, London for a month. The tour continued to Australia in mid-2009. There were many positive reviews for the UK leg of the tour, yet most reviews on the Australian leg were poor and negative. The first leg of the show concluded in May 2008. The show ended 9 November, in London. Previously they have toured their comedy act / sketch show very rarely, with UK tours in 1990 & 2000. The current tour contains a selection of their favourite sketches, as well as new material written specifically for the tour. The show was directed by Hamish McColl, set design by Lez Brotherstone, lighting, video and visual effects by Willie Williams.

Document 1780146:
University of Missouri–Kansas City
The University of Missouri–Kansas City (UMKC) is a public research university serving the greater Kansas City metropolitan area. Located in Kansas City, Missouri, UMKC is one of four system campuses that collectively constitute the University of Missouri. UMKC is spread across multiple locales; the main Volker Campus, home to the majority of university operations, is located in Kansas City's Rockhill neighborhood, east of the Country Club Plaza, and adjacent to both the Stowers Institute for Medical Research and the world-renowned Linda Hall Library. In 2017 the University, in collaboration with Truman Medical Center, Children's Mercy Hospital, the Missouri Health Department, the Jackson County Medical Examiners Office, and the Missouri Department of Mental Health Behavioral Medicine, formed the UMKC Health Sciences District on Hospital Hill. This district is a first-in-the-nation partnership between local and state governments, the university, and these nationally recognized healthcare faculties, designed to promote collaboration in research, innovation, education, grant funding, and community outreach, for the advancement of health and wellness in the greater Kansas City metropolitan area. Also in 2017, the university announced plans to expand its metropolitan identity with the construction of a downtown Campus for the Arts, located near the Kauffman Center for the Performing Arts. The university's enrollment as of 2015 exceeded more than 16,600 students.

Document 9769953:
Danielle Wetherup
Danielle Wetherup was President of the Royal Canadian Mint (also known as Master of the Mint) from October 31, 1994 to December 20, 2002. She was the second woman to be named Master of the Mint. Her predecessor, Ruth Hubbard, was the first woman to be appointed Master of the Mint. At the time of the appointment, Wetherup was 53. Prior to the appointment, she was Associate Deputy Minister of the Environment.

Document 1788191:
Christopher Franke
Christopher Franke (born 6 April 1953, Berlin) is a German musician and composer. From 1971 to 1987 he was a member of the electronic group Tangerine Dream. Initially a drummer with The Agitation, later renamed Agitation Free, his primary focus eventually shifted to keyboards and synthesizers as the group moved away from its psychedelic rock origins. While he was not the first musician to use an analog sequencer, he was probably the first to turn it into a live performance instrument, thus laying the rhythmic foundation for classic Tangerine Dream pieces and indeed for the whole Berlin school sound.

Document 9368955:
History of the Kansas City metropolitan area
The history of the Kansas City metropolitan area begins in the 19th century as Frenchmen from St. Louis, Missouri moved up the Missouri River to trap for furs and trade with the Native Americans. The Kansas City metropolitan area, straddling the border between Missouri and Kansas at the confluence of the Kansas and Missouri Rivers, was a strategic point for commerce and security. Kansas City, Missouri was founded in 1838 and defeated its rival Westport to become the predominant city west of St. Louis. The area played a major role in the westward expansion of the United States. The Santa Fe, and Oregon trails ran through the area. In 1854, when Kansas was opened to Euro-American settlement, the Missouri-Kansas border became the first battlefield in the conflict in the American Civil War.

Document 4763253:
Banmei Takahashi
Banmei Takahashi (高橋伴明 , Takahashi Banmei ) (or Tomoaki Takahashi) is a Japanese film director. Takahashi started his career in the pink film industry, making his directorial debut in 1972 with "Escaped Rapist Criminal". Due to a disagreement with his producer, Takahashi quit the film industry for a couple years. He joined pink film pioneer Kōji Wakamatsu's production studio in 1975, working as a script-writer until Wakamatsu produced Takahashi's second film, "Delinquent File: Juvenile Prostitution" (1976). For the next few years Takahashi averaged five films annually at Wakamatsu's studio, until Takahashi left to start his own production company in 1979.

Document 1542011:
The Perils of Penelope Pitstop
The Perils of Penelope Pitstop is an American animated television series produced by Hanna-Barbera Productions that premiered on CBS on September 13, 1969. The show ran for one season with a total of 17 half-hour episodes, the last first-run episode airing on January 17, 1970. Repeats aired on CBS until September 4, 1971. It is a spin-off of the "Wacky Races" cartoon, reprising the characters of Penelope Pitstop and the Anthill Mob. Rebroadcasts of the show air on the Cartoon Network-owned channel Boomerang.

Document 2719329:
Union Pacific 4466
Union Pacific 4466 is an 0-6-0 type steam locomotive built in October 1920 for the Union Pacific Railroad (UP) to perform switching chores and transfer runs. 4466 spent most of its career in Cheyenne, Wyoming, as a shop switcher and was the UP Cheyenne Shop's last steam shop switcher. After its stint in Cheyenne, 4466 was transferred to Grand Island, Nebraska, remaining there until 1973. it was donated to California State Railroad Museum in 1978. In 1984, it was restored to service and pulled museum excursions. In 1986, 4466 ventured to Vancouver, British Columbia, to be part of . 4466 now resides in retirement. It has been sold to the Niles Canyon Railroad to be restored to service. As of 2016, the locomotive is at the California State Railroad Museum, in two pieces, preparing to be shipped by truck.

Document 1890282:
Kirby Anders
Kirby Anders (formerly Colby) is a fictional character on the ABC prime time soap opera "Dynasty". Portrayed by Kathleen Beller from 1982 to 1984, the character was introduced in the seventh episode of the series' third season, but was written out after the fourth season finale. Beller reprised the role for the 1991 miniseries, "".

Document 9571853:
Boujemaa Benkhrif
Boujemaa Benkhrif (Arabic: بوجمعة بنخريف‎ ‎ ; born 1947) is a Moroccan football defender who played for the Morocco in the 1970 FIFA World Cup. He also played for KAC Kenitra. Also, Benkhrif was a risk technician.

Document 5216804:
Gabrielle Richens
Gabrielle Richens is a British model and TV presenter. She was born in Kent of British, Indian and Chinese extraction although her parents are from South Africa. Richens has worked as a model since she was fifteen when she signed with the Elite modeling agency. She was nicknamed "The Pleasure Machine" after an airline commercial she appeared in although she has said she does not care for the name. She has risen to fame in particular in Australia.

Document 7502088:
The Day the Universe Changed
The Day the Universe Changed: A Personal View by James Burke is a British documentary television series written and presented by science historian James Burke, originally broadcast on BBC1 from 19 March until 21 May 1985 by the BBC. The series' primary focus is on the effect of advances in science and technology on western society in its philosophical aspects.

Document 4986190:
Variety Time
Variety Time is a 1948 American variety film directed by Hal Yates. The film is a composite of two film shorts interspersed with routines by Jack Paar and musical numbers lifted from various RKO productions. The screenplay was written in parts by several different writers: Hal Law, Hal Yates, Leo Solomon, and Joseph Quillan. Aside from Paar, the film also stars Edgar Kennedy and Leon Errol, each in one of the film shorts.

Document 9957402:
Max Burkholder
Max Henry Wolf Burkholder (born November 1, 1997) is an American actor most notable for his role of Max Braverman, who has Asperger syndrome, in the NBC comedic television drama "Parenthood". Prior to that, he became known as a voice actor for his roles as Chomper in "The Land Before Time", Roo on "My Friends Tigger & Pooh", and World in the "Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends" television movie "". In 2013, he appeared in "The Purge".

Document 7953658:
North Kansas City, Missouri
North Kansas City is a city in Clay County, Missouri, United States that despite the similarity in name to its larger counterpart, Kansas City, is an independent municipality part of the Kansas City metropolitan area. The population was 4,208 at the 2010 census. Originally a northern suburb across the Missouri River from Kansas City, Missouri, it is now almost completely surrounded by Kansas City, which has annexed far to the north of North Kansas City's northern city limits. North Kansas City also adjoins the small municipality of Avondale.

Document 5808610:
Smoke Rings in the Dark (song)
"Smoke Rings in the Dark" is a song written by Rivers Rutherford and Houston Robert, and recorded by American country music artist Gary Allan. It was released in August 1999 as the first single and title track from the album of the same name. The song peaked at number 12 on the U.S. country chart in February 2000 and at number 5 in Canada. It also peaked at number 76 on the Hot 100. It is Allan's highest peaking single in Canada.

Document 8558212:
Kansas City Scout
Kansas City Scout is one of the United States' largest electronic traffic management systems. It was created in 2000 as part of a bi-state initiative between the Missouri Department of Transportation and the Kansas Department of Transportation to provide this system for the Kansas City Metropolitan Area, which is in both Missouri and Kansas (the anchor city of Kansas City is in Missouri). The project's cost was $43 million. Of that amount, the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA) contributed 80-90 percent of the project cost. KDOT and MoDOT shared the remaining cost. The system employs a system of electronic boards placed on major highways throughout the metropolitan area that display traffic information whenever information needs to be displayed (due to an accident, lane closure, highway closure etc.), and the system also has cameras on those billboards to automatically detect traffic problems. While the system has extensive coverage of highways in the Kansas City Metropolitan Area it still has much more to cover. Since it would be too expensive to cover all the major highways in the Kansas City metro (which has more miles of highway per person than any other metropolitan area in the United States), studies were conducted to determine which highways or segments of highways have priority due to higher accident rates. Since the project's beginning, it has expanded greatly, and will continue to expand. Future plans are to extend coverage to I-635 and cover I-435 even more (especially in the northern areas of the metro) as well as other major city highways. It was named after the iconic Kansas City Scout Statue that exists in Penn Valley Park, overlooking Downtown Kansas City.

Document 9459031:
Kansas City metropolitan area
The Kansas City metropolitan area is a 15-county metropolitan area anchored by Kansas City, Missouri, that straddles the border between the U.S. states of Missouri and Kansas. With a population of about 2,340,000, it ranks as the second largest metropolitan area with its core in Missouri (after Greater St. Louis). Alongside Kansas City, the area includes a number of other cities and suburbs, the largest being Overland Park, Kansas; Kansas City, Kansas; Olathe, Kansas; and Independence, Missouri; each over 100,000 in population. The Mid-America Regional Council (MARC) serves as the Council of Governments and the Metropolitan Planning Organization for the area.

Document 1217520:
Marine Conservation Institute
Marine Conservation Institute (formerly Marine Conservation Biology Institute) is a tax-exempt nonprofit ocean conservation organization working to identify and protect vulnerable ocean ecosystems worldwide. The organization is headquartered in Seattle, Washington with offices in Washington D.C. and Glen Ellen, California.

Document 3067274:
Kansas City jazz
Kansas City jazz is a style of jazz that developed in Kansas City, Kansas and Kansas City, Missouri and the surrounding Kansas City Metropolitan Area during the 1930s and marked the transition from the structured big band style to the musical improvisation style of Bebop. The hard-swinging, bluesy transition style is bracketed by Count Basie who in 1929 signed with the Bennie Moten's Kansas City Orchestra and Kansas City native Charlie Parker who was to usher in the Bebop style in the 1940s. According to a Kansas City website, "While New Orleans was the birthplace of jazz, America's music grew up in Kansas City". Kansas City is known as one of the most popular "cradles of jazz". Other cities include New Orleans, Chicago, St. Louis, Pittsburgh, Philadelphia, and New York City.

Document 7524435:
Sumter Braves
The Sumter Braves were a minor league baseball team located in Sumter, South Carolina. The team played in the South Atlantic League, and were affiliated with the Atlanta Braves. Their home stadium was Riley Park. In 1991, the team moved to Macon, Georgia and became known as the Macon Braves, the team is now called the Rome Braves and currently play in Rome, Georgia.

Document 9059269:
2010 Kontinental Hockey League All-Star Game
The 2010 Kontinental Hockey League All-Star Game was the All-Star game for the 2009–10 Kontinental Hockey League (KHL) season. It took place on 30 January 2010, at the new Minsk-Arena in Minsk, Belarus. As in the previous year, Team Jágr won against Team Yashin, this time with a score of 11–8.
