Page 1 of 19 
 
CHAPTER 1 
MEMBERSHIP 
 
100. 
 
GENERAL 
101. 
 
QUALIFICATIONS AND RESPONSIBILITIES 
102. 
 
NON-MEMBER INVESTORS 
 
PROCEDURES FOR PURCHASE, SALE AND TRANSFER 
103. 
 
PURCHASE OF MEMBERSHIP AND MECHANICS OF PURCHASE 
 
 
103.A. Purchase of Membership 
 
 
103.B. Mechanics of Purchase 
104. 
 
SALE OF MEMBERSHIP 
105. 
 
APPLICATION FOR MEMBERSHIP 
 
 
105.A. Application Process for Members Accessing the Trading Floor 
 
105.B. Application Process for Members Not Requesting Access to the 
Trading Floor 
 
 
105.C. Application for Floor Broker’s or Floor Trader’s License 
106. 
TRANSFERS, SECURITY TRANSACTIONS, AND AUTHORIZATIONS TO 
TRANSFER OR SELL 
 
 
106.A. Authorization to Sell 
 
 
106.B. Security Transactions 
 
 
106.C. Family Transfers 
 
 
106.D. Futures Industry Transfers 
 
 
106.E. Unconditional Bequests and Bona Fide Gifts of Membership 
 
 
106.F. Clearing Member 
 
 
106.G. Transfer to Wholly-Owned Entities 
 
 
106.H. Trading Member Firm 
 
 
106.I. 
Affiliate Member Firm 
 
 
106.J. Equity Member Firm 
 
 
106.K. Transfer to a Trust 
106.L. Transfer of Membership Created by the Membership Rights 
Program 
 
 
106.M. Transfer to Joint Tenants With Right of Survivorship 
 
 
106.N. GEM Institutional Access Member Firm 
 
 
106.O. Transfer of GEM Membership 
 
 
106.P. Transfer to a Family Limited Partnership 
 
 
106.Q. [Reserved] 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 19 
 
 
 
106.R. Electronic Corporate Member Firm 
 
 
106.S. Family of Funds Member Firm 
107. 
 
APPROVAL OF APPLICANT 
108. 
 
[RESERVED] 
109. 
 
REJECTION OF APPLICANT 
110. 
 
CLAIMS AGAINST MEMBERSHIP, APPLICATION OF PROCEEDS 
111.-119. 
[RESERVED] 
 
PRIVILEGES AND RESPONSIBILITIES 
120. 
 
MEMBERSHIP CATEGORIES 
121. 
 
MEMBERSHIP PRIVILEGES 
122. 
 
MEMBERSHIP DUES AND ASSESSMENTS PAYABLE 
123. 
 
COMPLIANCE WITH THE COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT 
124. 
 
VIOLATIONS OF COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT 
125. 
 
GRATUITY FUND 
126. 
 
MEMBERSHIP EDUCATION PROGRAMS 
127. 
 
TRADING AND SOLICITATION PRIVILEGES 
128-129. 
[RESERVED] 
130. 
 
REQUIRED NOTICES BY MEMBER FIRMS AND SUSPENSION OF MEMBER 
 
FIRM PRIVILEGES 
 
INVOLUNTARY SALE 
131. 
EXPULSION FOR FRAUD OR DISHONESTY PRIOR TO ELECTION TO 
MEMBERSHIP 
132. 
SALE OF MEMBERSHIP AT DIRECTION OF REGULATORY AUTHORITY 
133. 
SALE OF MEMBERSHIP WHEN MEMBER DEFAULTS 
134. 
[RESERVED] 
135. 
GEM DIVISION 
136.-194. 
[RESERVED] 
195. 
MARKET MAKER AND INCENTIVE PROGRAMS 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 3 of 19 
 
Chapter 1 
Membership 
100. 
GENERAL 
Membership with full privileges in the CME Division shall be limited to 625; membership with 
full privileges in the IMM Division shall be limited to 813; membership with full privileges in the 
IOM Division shall be limited to 1287; and membership with full privileges in the GEM Division 
shall be limited to 413.  Membership in the Exchange is a privilege subject to transfer only as 
authorized and on the conditions prescribed herein. 
101. 
QUALIFICATIONS AND RESPONSIBILITIES 
Any adult of good moral character, reputation and business integrity, with adequate financial 
resources and credit to assume the responsibilities and privileges of membership, is eligible for 
membership in the Exchange. A determination as to whether an applicant for membership or 
an applicant for an incentive program satisfies the Exchange requirements shall be made by 
the Membership Committee or by staff in the applicable department. A person approved for 
membership and an individual or entity approved for an incentive program shall be subject to 
all Exchange Rules. Notwithstanding a transfer of membership, a person shall continue to be 
responsible for violations of Exchange Rules committed by him while he was a member and 
also agrees to have any disputes, which arose while he was a member and which relate to or 
arise out of any transaction upon the Exchange or membership in the Exchange, resolved in 
accordance with Exchange Rules. 
102. 
NON-MEMBER INVESTORS 
A person may purchase a membership interest and be approved as a “Non-Member Investor” 
in the Exchange.  The person shall file an Application to become a Non-Member Investor with 
the Membership Services Department (the “Department”).  A Non-Member Investor is 
presumed to know all the rules and regulations of the Exchange and agrees to abide by and be 
subject to them.   In the event that multiple individuals own a membership, such individuals 
shall appoint a designated individual who shall have the authority to sell, lease, pledge or 
otherwise dispose of or encumber the membership.   Further, in the event that a legal entity 
owns a membership, such entity must provide the Department with appropriate corporate, 
partnership or other legal documentation indicating who has authority to sell, lease, pledge or 
otherwise dispose of or encumber the membership and any other documentation requested by 
the Department.  
PROCEDURES FOR PURCHASE, SALE AND TRANSFER 
103. 
PURCHASE OF MEMBERSHIP AND MECHANICS OF PURCHASE 
103.A. 
Purchase of Membership  
The prospective purchaser of a membership shall sign and file with the Department a Bid to 
Purchase which shall be guaranteed by: a) a clearing member of the Exchange; or b) the 
deposit of a certified or cashier's check; or c) a wire transfer; or d) for swap transactions, the 
deposit of a CME, IMM, or IOM membership and/or a wire transfer or a certified or cashier's 
check.  The Bid to Purchase shall contain an agreement by the purchaser to take no recourse 
against the Exchange in the event his Application for Membership is rejected (except as 
provided in Section 8c of the Commodity Exchange Act).  
For Purposes of this Chapter 1, a membership in the Exchange may only be purchased in 
conjunction with the CME Group Class B Share coupled to such membership.  References to a 
“membership” shall include the associated CME Group Class B Share.   
103.B. 
Mechanics of Purchase 
The Department shall post the lowest offer to sell and the highest bid to purchase a 
membership in each Division.  The Department shall match bids and offers and, in the event of 
an agreement, shall promptly notify the purchaser and the seller.  Within two business days of 
such notification, the purchaser shall deposit with the Department the following: 
a. 
A check, payable to the Exchange, for a transfer fee in an amount set by Exchange staff; 
and 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 4 of 19 
 
b. 
(1) A wire transfer, or a certified or cashier's check, if not previously deposited, or a check 
or a wire transfer from a clearing firm, payable to the Exchange, in the amount of the 
purchase price or,  (2) if the seller has filed a written consent, a CME, IMM, or IOM 
membership if not previously deposited, owned free of any Rule 110 claims or any other 
liens, representing partial or complete satisfaction of the purchase price, and constituting a 
partial or complete exchange of membership(s) to that extent.  Pursuant to such an 
exchange of membership(s), the purchaser and seller each must file an indemnification 
agreement in favor of the Exchange from a clearing member by which the clearing 
member agrees to pay all valid Rule 110 claims against the purchaser or the seller, as the 
case may be, up to the value at the time of the exchange of the membership(s) transferred 
by such purchaser or seller. 
104. 
SALE OF MEMBERSHIP 
A membership in the Exchange may only be sold as provided for in the Rules.  When the 
owner or the legal representative of an owner desires to sell a membership, he shall sign and 
file with the Department an Offer to Sell, which shall set forth the price at which he is offering 
his membership, and contain an agreement to the conditions of sale set forth in these rules.   
Upon the sale of a membership, any and all membership privileges granted by these rules 
shall terminate.   
105. 
APPLICATION FOR MEMBERSHIP 
105.A. 
Application Process for Members Accessing the Trading Floor 
The applicant shall file an Application for Membership and the appropriate fee with the 
Department.  The applicant shall agree to take no recourse against the Exchange in the event 
his application is rejected (except as provided in Section 8c of the Commodity Exchange Act), 
set forth all financial arrangements made in connection with the proposed purchase or transfer 
of the membership and agree to abide by the applicable rules and regulations of the Exchange 
and all amendments thereto.  
Upon completion of the foregoing, the Department shall notify the membership by posting for a 
period of 20 days of the name of the applicant, the seller, the purchase price and the transfer 
type.  The notice shall request the submission to the Department of claims against the seller or 
transferor arising out of Exchange transactions or any other relationship regulated by the 
Exchange.   
During the posting period, the Department shall prepare a report on the qualifications of the 
applicant. 
The Short Form application of a member who is transferring onto a membership may be 
approved by Exchange staff before the expiration of the posting period, provided the member 
obtains an indemnification agreement in favor of the Exchange from a clearing member to 
cover Rule 110 claims up to the value of the membership at the time of the transfer. 
An applicant who wishes to procure a membership by purchase, or by transfer, may do so 
either prior or subsequent to approval for membership pursuant to Rule 107.  An applicant who 
has acquired a membership prior to approval for membership shall become a member upon 
such approval.  An applicant approved for membership prior to acquiring a membership shall 
become a member if, within thirty calendar days after approval for membership, he procures a 
membership; otherwise his membership shall be deemed vacated and the Exchange shall 
retain the membership application processing fee.  Extensions of the 30-day period in which 
the applicant must acquire a membership may be granted by the Department. 
105.B. 
Application Process for Members Not Requesting Access to the Trading 
Floor 
The applicant shall file an Application for Membership and the appropriate fee with the 
Department.  The applicant shall agree to take no recourse against the Exchange in the event 
his application is rejected (except as provided in Section 8c of the Commodity Exchange Act), 
set forth all financial arrangements made in connection with the proposed purchase or transfer 
of the membership and agree to abide by the applicable rules and regulations of the Exchange 
and all amendments thereto.  
The applicant may receive temporary membership privileges which do not permit trading floor 
access upon the filing of a complete Application unless the Department has reason to believe 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 5 of 19 
 
that the applicant is not qualified for membership. An applicant that receives temporary 
membership privileges shall be subject to all of the rules of the Exchange including the rules 
related to the approval and rejection of an applicant.  Such temporary membership privileges 
will expire upon the earlier of: 1) sixty days after the temporary membership privileges are 
granted; 2) a rejection of the applicant’s membership application by the Membership 
Committee; or 3) notification that the application for membership has been approved.  An 
applicant who receives temporary non-trading floor membership privileges who is 
subsequently rejected for membership shall reimburse the Exchange for the difference 
between trading and clearing fees paid by reason of the temporary membership status and the 
fees that would have been paid on the same transactions at the rates that would have 
otherwise prevailed. 
The Department shall notify the membership by posting for a period of 20 days of the name of 
the applicant, the seller or transferor and the purchase price.  The notice shall request the 
submission to the Department of claims against the seller or transferor arising out of Exchange 
transactions or any other relationship regulated by the Exchange.  During the posting period, 
the Department shall prepare a report on the qualifications of the applicant. 
The Application of a member who obtains a membership may be approved by the Department 
before the expiration of the posting period, provided the member obtains an indemnification 
agreement in favor of the Exchange from a clearing member to cover Rule 110 claims up to 
the value of the membership at the time of purchase or transfer. 
An applicant who has acquired a membership prior to approval for membership shall become a 
member upon such approval.  An applicant approved for membership prior to acquiring a 
membership shall become a member if, within thirty calendar days after approval for 
membership, he procures a membership; otherwise his membership shall be deemed vacated 
and the Exchange shall retain the membership application processing fee.  Extensions of the 
30-day period in which the applicant must acquire a membership may be granted by the 
Department. 
105.C. 
Application for Floor Broker's or Floor Trader's License 
Each membership applicant seeking a Floor Broker’s or Floor Trader’s license shall apply for 
registration as a Floor Broker or a Floor Trader with the National Futures Association. 
Individuals not accessing the Trading Floor are not required to obtain Floor Broker or Floor 
Trader registration.  
106. 
TRANSFERS, SECURITY TRANSACTIONS, AND AUTHORIZATIONS TO 
TRANSFER OR SELL 
Transfers of memberships may be made only in accordance with the following provisions.  All 
of the applicable procedures and requirements for the sale and purchase of a membership as 
set forth in Chapter 1, including the provisions of Rule 110, shall apply to transfers made under 
this rule.  A transfer, reinstatement or revocation of a transfer shall not be completed until all 
valid Rule 110 claims against a member are satisfied unless a properly completed 
Indemnification Form is filed by a member’s qualifying clearing member. 
106.A. 
Authorization to Sell 
An Authorization to Sell (“Authorization Agreement”) is a grant of authority by a member or 
applicant for membership that may be used only for the purposes specified in Rule 106.B.  
Authorization Agreements shall be effective only if executed on the form supplied by the 
Exchange and filed with the Department.  Authorization Agreements shall be irrevocable 
without the written consent of the grantee. 
A member or applicant for membership who executes an Authorization Agreement relinquishes 
his power to direct the sale of his membership.  A grantee shall have all powers of sale that 
otherwise would have been available to the grantor.  The Exchange shall act at the grantee's 
direction as if the grantee was the member-owner. 
Private agreements between the grantor and the grantee shall not be recognized by the 
Exchange and shall not affect the rights of the Exchange or its members.  The grantee shall be 
entitled, in addition to any other rights he may have under Rule 110, to the residual proceeds 
after all Rule 110 claims have been satisfied up to the amount of the outstanding debt owed. 
106.B. 
Security Transactions 
A member, applicant for membership or a Non-Member Investor, may execute an 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 6 of 19 
 
Authorization Agreement, in favor of a clearing member, a financial institution or bank, or in 
favor of the member that financed the purchase of the membership and associated Class B 
Share in order to secure any outstanding debt connected with that financing. 
A member, applicant for membership or a Non-Member Investor may execute an Authorization 
Agreement in favor of a member or clearing member to whom the member is indebted or may 
become indebted by reason of transactions upon the Exchange in order to secure such current 
or future debts. 
106.C. 
Family Transfers 
A member or Non-Member Investor may temporarily transfer his membership to a member of 
his immediate family who shall be subject to all Exchange rules and regulations.  For purposes 
of this rule, immediate family members shall be limited to parents, siblings, children, 
grandchildren, grandparents, fathers-in-law, mothers-in-law, sons-in law, daughters-in-law and 
spouses.  
Rule 106.C transfers shall be subject to the following terms and conditions: 
1. 
The transferor may revoke the transfer upon written notice filed with the Department. 
2. 
The transferor shall have the right at any time to have the transferee disqualified from 
trading by giving notice to the transferee's qualifying clearing member, who in turn must 
notify the Exchange pursuant to Rule 511.A. 
3. 
The transfer shall be revoked and the membership shall revert to the transferor's estate or 
conservator upon official notice of the death or formally declared incompetence of the 
transferor.  However, the legal representative of a deceased member’s estate may 
transfer his membership pursuant to this Rule 106.C. during the pendency of probate.  
4. 
Upon a transferor’s expulsion from the Exchange, the transfer shall be revoked and the 
membership shall revert to the transferor who must sell the membership within 30 days. 
5. 
Upon approval for membership, the transferee shall be treated as a member for all 
purposes, except that the transferee shall have no authority to sell, transfer or assign the 
membership.  The transferor shall be considered the member and an assignment of the 
membership for membership purposes pursuant to Rules 106.J. or 902 shall not be 
terminated by the transferee. 
6. 
The transferor may sell the membership at any time in accordance with the provisions of 
Rule 104 or transfer the membership and associated Class B Share pursuant to Rule 106.  
The proceeds of the sale of the membership and associated Class B Share will be 
distributed to the transferor following the settlement of all claims pursuant to Rule 110. 
7. 
The transferred membership may be sold in accordance with Rule 133, and the proceeds 
may be applied as provided in Rule 110, to satisfy financial obligations of the transferee to 
the Exchange, to another member or to a clearing member arising out of the transferee’s 
use of the membership in the event that such financial obligations have not been 
otherwise satisfied. 
106.D. 
Futures Industry Transfers 
A member or Non-Member Investor may temporarily transfer his membership to another 
member who shall be subject to all Exchange rules and regulations. 
Transfers under this section shall be subject to the following terms and conditions: 
1. 
The transferor may revoke the transfer upon written notice filed with the Department. 
2. 
The transferor shall have the right at any time to withdraw the authority of the transferee to 
trade on the membership by giving notice to the transferee's qualifying clearing member 
and such clearing member must subsequently notify the Exchange pursuant to Rule 
511.A. 
3. 
The transfer shall be revoked and the membership shall revert to the transferor's estate or 
conservator upon official notice of the death or formally declared incompetence of the 
transferor.  However, the legal representative of a deceased member’s estate may 
transfer his membership pursuant to this Rule 106.D. during the pendency of probate. 
4. 
A transferor may not trade while on the trading floor.  
5. 
The transferor may sell the membership at any time in accordance with the provisions of 
Rule 104 or transfer the membership pursuant to Rule 106.  The proceeds of the sale of 
the membership will be distributed to the transferor following the settlement of all claims 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 7 of 19 
 
pursuant to Rule 110. 
6. 
The transferred membership may be sold in accordance with Rule 133, and the proceeds 
may be applied as provided in Rule 110, to satisfy financial obligations of the transferee to 
the Exchange, to another member or to a clearing member arising out of the transferee’s 
use of the membership in the event that such financial obligations have not been 
otherwise satisfied. 
7. 
The transferee must be qualified to trade by a clearing member acceptable to the 
transferor.  The transferor may not assign the membership for membership purposes 
pursuant to Rules 106.J. or 902. 
8. 
A transferee shall place all trades on the books of his qualifying clearing member unless 
written authorization to the contrary from said clearing member and from the transferor 
has been filed with the Department.  Failure to adhere to the requirements of this rule and 
Rule 511 shall exclude a clearing member not qualifying the transferee from receiving 
proceeds under Rule 110. 
9. 
 Upon a transferor’s expulsion from the Exchange, the transfer shall be revoked and the 
membership shall revert to the transferor who must sell the membership within 30 days. 
10. Except as provided in Rule 135, any transferee approved for membership pursuant to this 
Rule 106.D. after January 7, 1985, who was not a member as of January 7, 1985, shall be 
eligible to execute trades only for his own account for a cumulative period of twelve (12) 
months following his or her election to membership unless exempted there from by the 
Membership Committee. 
11. A lease entered into on or after February 1, 1996, which is terminated by a transferee prior 
to its expiration date, shall be controlled by the following early cancellation payment 
obligation: 
A transferee who unilaterally terminates a lease remains obligated to make the agreed 
rental payments to transferor until the end of the term of the lease; however, transferee's 
obligation to make such rental payments shall be reduced by the amount of rental 
payments received by transferor if transferor is able to lease the membership to another 
person during the remaining term of the original lease.  Transferor must use his best 
efforts to lease the membership to another person as soon as possible and at the highest 
possible rental obtainable based on similar leases, if any, then being executed. 
12. A lessor shall notify the Exchange, in a manner designated by the Exchange, of the terms 
of a new lease agreement or any renewal of a lease agreement within two (2) business 
days of the negotiation of the lease agreement, or renewal thereof.  A lessor's failure to 
comply with this Rule 106.D.12 may result in the issuance of a warning letter to the lessor.  
A lessor may then be subject to an automatic fine of $500 and $1000 respectively for a 
second and third violation of this rule within a rolling 12-month period from the issuance of 
the warning letter.  Repeated violations of this rule may be referred to a disciplinary 
committee. 
13. For leases expiring on or after December 31, 2006, unless otherwise previously agreed to 
by the transferor and the transferee, notice must be provided by the parties of their 
intention to continue a leasing arrangement at least ten (10) days prior to the expiration of 
the current lease term.  If either party fails to provide such notice, it is assumed that the 
lease will not be renewed upon its expiration.  Terms of the renewal, if any, will be subject 
to negotiation between the parties. 
106.E. 
Unconditional Bequests and Bona Fide Gifts of Membership 
A member or Non-Member Investor may make a bona fide gift or bequest of membership.  The 
bona fide gift may be made only to immediate family members as defined in Rule 106.C.  
Unless otherwise required by law, a letter affirming the gift or Letters of Office from the Probate 
Court and a letter from the decedent’s personal representative allowing the transfer will be 
required as a precondition of transfer. 
106.F. 
Clearing Member  
A membership may be owned by a clearing member, or a person or an entity having an 
acceptable proprietary interest in the clearing member.  The membership may be transferred 
under this Rule provided that: (1) the transfer is approved by Exchange staff; and (2) the 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 8 of 19 
 
transferee is approved pursuant to the rules of the Exchange. 
106.G. 
Transfer to Wholly-Owned Entities 
A membership may be transferred to an entity which is wholly-owned by the member or his 
immediate family members as that term is used in Rule 106.C.  Transfers pursuant to this 
authorization shall be limited to transfers pursuant to Rules 106.C., D. or E. 
A 106.G. transferee may assign the membership for membership purposes in accordance with 
Rules 106.J. and 902 except in circumstances where the transfer has been made pursuant to 
Rule 106.D. 
106.H. 
Trading Member Firm  
A membership may be owned by, or two memberships may be leased by, a trading member 
firm or, if the trading member firm is a pool or fund, the investment manager of the pool or 
fund.  The memberships may be held in the name of the trading member firm or transferred 
among its principals and employees provided that: (1) the transfer is approved by Exchange 
staff; (2) the transferee is approved pursuant to the rules of the Exchange; and (3) the transfer 
is for the legitimate business purposes of the firm.  The firm shall have the right, at any time, to 
withdraw the authority of the transferee to trade on a membership owned or leased by the firm, 
but must withdraw such authority upon termination of his employment or other association with 
the firm.  Notice of the withdrawal of the authority of the transferee to trade on a membership 
owned or leased by the firm must be given to his qualifying clearing member who in turn must 
notify the Department pursuant to Rule 511.A.  The trading member firm shall designate on a 
form provided by the Exchange a representative who shall be authorized to deal with the 
Exchange with respect to the membership transferred under this Section. 
The proceeds of the sale of a membership which has been assigned in order to qualify a Rule 
106.H. trading member firm shall be subject to Rule 110 claims against both the owner of the 
membership and the Rule 106.H. trading member firm.   
A Rule 106.H. membership may not be transferred pursuant to any other provision of Rule 
106.  The membership may not be assigned for membership purposes under Rules 106.J. or 
902. 
Rule 106.H. trading member firm benefits apply only to the firm’s member firm trading and not 
to the trading of any affiliates, subsidiaries or customers.  All such positions of the trading 
member firm must be carried by a clearing member(s) in accounts separate from positions of 
affiliates, subsidiaries, customers and other entities. 
Any holder or transferee of a Rule 106.H. membership may not solicit or contact customers 
from the floor of the Exchange unless the trading member firm is an Introducing Broker or 
Futures Commission Merchant as those terms are defined in Section 1a of the Commodity 
Exchange Act and/or 17 C.F.R. 1.3. 
A Rule 106.H. trading member firm may not hold itself out to the public as a clearing member. 
Exchange staff may grant exemptions from the requirements of this Rule. 
106.I. 
Affiliate Member Firm  
An "affiliate" shall be defined to include a firm that either: owns, directly or indirectly, 100% of a 
clearing member with shares or Rule 106.J. equity member firm or has 100% ownership, direct 
or indirect, in common with a firm that owns, directly or indirectly, 100% of a clearing member 
with shares or Rule 106.J. equity member firm.  “Clearing members with shares” means 
clearing members that maintain CME Group Class A shares in accordance with CME Rule 
106.J. Equity Member Firm requirements in order to receive equity member rates and/or 
clearing members that pay the monthly Equity Member Subscription Rate described in Rule 
106.J.  
A membership may be owned by a clearing member with shares, or a Rule 106.J. equity 
member or affiliate firm under this Rule.  The membership may be held in the name of the firm 
or principals or employees of an affiliate and be transferred among its principals and 
employees provided that: (1) the transfer is approved by Exchange staff; (2) the transferee is 
approved for membership pursuant to the rules of the Exchange; and (3) the transfer is for the 
legitimate business purposes of the firm.  The affiliate firm shall have the right, at any time, to 
withdraw the authority of the transferee to trade on the membership owned by the clearing 
member with shares, Rule 106.J. equity member or affiliate firm, but must withdraw such 
authority upon termination of his employment or other association with the firm.  Notice of the 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 9 of 19 
 
withdrawal of the authority of the transferee to trade on the membership owned by a clearing 
member with shares, Rule 106.J. equity member or affiliate firm must be given to his qualifying 
clearing member, and such clearing member must subsequently notify the Department 
pursuant to Rule 511.A.  The clearing member with shares, Rule 106.J. equity member or 
affiliate firm shall designate on a form provided by the Exchange a representative who shall be 
authorized to deal with the Exchange with respect to the membership held under this Section. 
The proceeds of the sale of a membership which is used to qualify a Rule 106.I. affiliate 
member firm shall be subject to Rule 110 claims against both the owner of the membership 
and the Rule 106.I. affiliate member firm. 
A Rule 106.I. membership may not be transferred pursuant to any other provision of Rule 106.  
The membership may not be assigned for membership purposes under Rules 106.H., 106.J., 
106.R., 106.S. or 902. 
Rule 106.I. firm benefits apply to the firm trading activity of any affiliate as defined in this Rule 
that is registered with the Exchange.  All such positions of the firm and its affiliates must be 
carried by a clearing member(s) in accounts separate from positions of subsidiaries, customers 
and other entities.    
A Rule 106.I. affiliate member firm may not hold itself out to the public as a clearing member. 
Exchange staff may grant exemptions from the requirements of this Rule. 
106.J. 
Equity Member Firm 
A firm may qualify as an equity member firm if two CME memberships, two IMM memberships, 
two IOM memberships, one GEM membership and 20,000 CME Group Class A Shares or, if 
the equity member firm is a fund, pool or other collective investment vehicle, 30,000 shares, 
are assigned for the firm’s membership privileges. A higher Division membership may be 
substituted for a lower Division membership to satisfy these requirements:  
A CME Rule 106.J. equity member firm (excluding a fund, pool or other collective investment 
vehicle) shall at all times have assigned to it at least 30,000 CME Group Class A Shares if it is 
also either: (a) a NYMEX clearing member with shares or NYMEX Rule 106.J. member firm or 
(b) a CBOT clearing member with shares or CBOT member firm that has a 20,000 share 
requirement. If the CBOT member firm has an 8,750 share requirement, the combined share 
requirement will be 28,750.  
A CME Rule 106.J. equity member firm that is a fund, pool or other collective investment 
vehicle shall at all times have assigned to it at least 45,000 CME Group Class A Shares if it is 
also either: (a) a NYMEX clearing member with shares or NYMEX Rule 106.J. member firm or 
(b) a CBOT clearing member with shares or CBOT Rule 106.S. equity member firm.   
A CME Rule 106.J. equity member firm (excluding a fund, pool or other collective investment 
vehicle) shall at all times have assigned to it at least 40,000 CME Group Class A Shares if it is 
also both: (a) a NYMEX clearing member with shares or NYMEX Rule 106.J. member firm and 
(b) a CBOT clearing member with shares or CBOT member firm that has a 20,000 share 
requirement. If the CBOT member firm has an 8,750 share requirement, the combined share 
requirement will be 38,750.  
A CME Rule 106.J. equity member firm that is a a fund, pool or other collective investment 
vehicle shall at all times have assigned to it at least 60,000 CME Group Class A Shares if it is 
also both: (a) a NYMEX clearing member with shares or NYMEX Rule 106.J. member firm and 
(b) a CBOT clearing member with shares or CBOT Rule 106.S. equity member firm. 
At least one CME, one IMM, one IOM and one GEM membership and 50% of the CME Group 
Class A Shares required for equity membership pursuant to this Rule must be owned by the 
equity member or a person, including a parent company, with an acceptable proprietary 
interest in such equity member, or if the equity member firm is a fund, pool or other collective 
investment vehicle, the investment manager of the fund, pool or other collective investment 
vehicle. One CME, one IMM, and one IOM membership and 50% of the CME Group Class A 
Shares required for equity membership may be independently assigned.  
A member firm may pay an Equity Member Subscription Rate as published in the CME fee 
schedule in lieu of holding CME Group Class A Shares referenced above. The Equity Member 
Subscription Rate will be applied per member, per month, per Exchange. Member firms 
choosing to pay the Equity Member Subscription Rate must file an application with the 
Department. The Exchange will have discretion regarding applying the appropriate rate. 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 10 of 19 
 
 
If the fund management company is the equity member firm, it may designate a fund, pool or 
other collective investment vehicle fund within its family of funds to receive its membership 
benefits.  
The memberships owned by the Rule 106.J. equity member firm or a person, including a 
parent company, with an acceptable proprietary interest in the equity member or the 
investment manager of a fund, pool or other collective investment vehicle may be transferred 
under this Rule provided that: (1) the transfer is approved by Exchange staff; and (2) the 
transferee is approved pursuant to the rules of the Exchange. The firm shall have the right, at 
any time, to withdraw the authority of the transferee to trade on a firm-owned membership, but 
must withdraw such authority upon termination of his employment or other association with the 
firm. Notice of the withdrawal of the authority of the transferee to trade on a firm-owned 
membership must be given to his qualifying clearing member who in turn must notify the 
Department pursuant to Rule 511.A. The equity member firm shall designate on a form 
provided by the Exchange a representative who shall be authorized to deal with the Exchange 
with respect to the membership transferred under this Section.  
The proceeds of the sale of a membership which has been assigned in order to qualify a Rule 
106.J. equity member firm shall be subject to Rule 110 claims against both the owner of the 
membership and the Rule 106.J. equity member firm.  
A Rule 106.J. membership may not be transferred pursuant any other provision of Rule 106. 
The membership may not be assigned for membership purposes under Rule 902.  
Rule 106.J. equity member firm benefits apply to the equity member firm’s member firm trading 
and the trading account of any 100% wholly owned subsidiaries of the equity member firm that 
are registered with the Exchange. The Rule 106.J. equity member firm benefits do not apply to 
the trading of any affiliates, parent companies or customers of the equity member firm. All such 
positions of the equity member firm or its 100% wholly owned subsidiaries must be carried by 
a clearing member(s) in accounts separate from positions of affiliates, subsidiaries, customers 
and other entities.  
Any holder or transferee of a Rule 106.J. membership may not solicit or contact customers 
from the floor of the Exchange unless the equity member firm is an Introducing Broker or 
Futures Commission Merchant as those terms are defined in Section 1a of the Commodity 
Exchange Act and/or 17 C.F.R. 1.3.  
A Rule 106.J. equity member firm may not hold itself out to the public as a clearing member.  
Exchange staff may grant exemptions from the requirements of this Rule. 
106.K. 
Transfer to a Trust 
A member may transfer his membership to an Estate Planning Vehicle for which the 
member is the grantor.  An Estate Planning Vehicle is a trust established primarily for the 
benefit of the grantor’s family and friends and charitable beneficiaries.  A membership properly 
held within an Estate Planning Vehicle may be transferred to one successor Estate Planning 
Vehicle for which the member is the grantor within one year of the member’s death. The 
grantor (or the grantor's personal representative) and the trustee (and any successor) shall 
complete the trust transfer agreement and certification provided by Exchange staff. The 
grantor shall comply with any request to produce the Estate Planning Vehicle or information 
regarding the Estate Planning Vehicle made by Exchange staff. 
If such a transfer is made by a bona fide gift or bequest, it shall also be subject to 
the requirements of Rule 106.E. 
The grantor's liability to the Exchange under Rule 439 shall continue with respect to any 
claim arising out of an act or omission occurring prior to such transfer, and the 
membership will continue to be treated as the asset of the grantor for the purposes of 
Rule 439 and for otherwise meeting any obligations to the Exchange arising out of the 
grantor's use of the membership prior to the transfer to the trust, including fines imposed 
with respect to conduct occurring prior to the transfer. 
A membership held pursuant to a transfer under this section may be assigned for membership 
purposes under Rules 106.J. or 902 or reinstated to the transferor pursuant to this section. 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 11 of 19 
 
The transfer shall be revoked and the membership shall revert to the transferor upon 
official notice to the Exchange that the trust has been revoked.  The membership must be 
transferred out of the trust within 90 days of the closing of the member’s estate. 
106.L. 
Transfer of Membership Created by the Membership Rights Program 
Exchange staff is authorized to allow the transfer of the ownership of record of any 
membership created by the combination of four quarter memberships pursuant to the 
Membership Rights Program provided that the transferor and the transferee have each 
continuously maintained at least a quarter interest in the membership from the date of the 
combination of the membership. 
106.M. 
Transfer to Joint Tenants With Right of Survivorship 
A member may transfer his membership to himself and a member of his immediate family, as 
defined in Rule 106.C., as joint tenants with right of survivorship. 
The joint tenants shall designate on a form provided by the Exchange which one of them shall 
be authorized to deal with the Exchange with respect to the membership transferred under this 
Section.  The designee must qualify for membership by satisfying the requirements of Chapter 
1 of these rules, and shall be treated as a member for all purposes.  In the designation form, 
the joint tenants shall acknowledge that the designee shall have the exclusive right to transfer 
the membership or to execute an Authorization to Sell pursuant to Rule 106.A. and that the 
Exchange shall have no liability to the non-designee in the event of such transfer or execution 
or the mishandling of the membership by the designee.  The joint tenants may at any time 
change such designation in writing signed by both of them, and each such change shall be 
deemed a transfer for the purposes of these rules.  Upon such change in designation, the new 
designee must qualify for membership by satisfying the requirements of Chapter 1 of these 
rules. 
Whether or not the transferor is the designee, the transferor's liability to the Exchange under 
Rule 439 shall continue with respect to any claim arising out of an act or omission occurring 
prior to a transfer under this rule, and the membership will continue to be treated as an asset 
of the transferor for the purposes of Rule 439 and for otherwise meeting any obligations to the 
Exchange arising out of the transferor's use of the membership prior to such transfer, including 
fines imposed with respect to conduct occurring prior to the transfer. 
Upon receipt of satisfactory proof of the death of a joint tenant, the Exchange will transfer the 
membership to the survivor. 
Upon receipt by the Exchange of written notice signed by both joint tenants terminating joint 
ownership of the membership transferred under this section and instructing the Exchange to 
transfer the membership to one of the joint tenants as sole owner, the Exchange shall transfer 
such membership pursuant to such instructions. 
A membership held pursuant to a transfer under this section may not be assigned for 
membership privileges under Rules 106.J. or 902. 
106.N. 
GEM Institutional Access Member Firm 
A GEM membership may be owned by a GEM Institutional Access member firm.  The 
membership may be held in the name of the member firm or may be transferred to a principal 
or employee of the member firm and transferred among its principals and employees provided 
that: (1) the transfer is approved by Exchange staff, (2) the transferee is approved pursuant to 
the rules of the Exchange; (3) the transfer is for the legitimate business purposes of the firm; 
and (4) the firm is not engaged in futures customer business with U.S. customers.  The firm 
shall have the right, at any time, to withdraw the authority of the transferee to trade on the 
membership, but must withdraw such authority upon termination of his employment with the 
firm.  Notice of the withdrawal of the authority of the transferee to trade on the membership 
must be given to the Department.  The member firm shall designate on a form provided by the 
Exchange a representative who shall be authorized to deal with the Exchange with respect to 
the membership transferred under this Section. 
A Rule 106.N. membership may not be transferred pursuant to any other provision of Rule 
106.  The membership may not be assigned for membership purposes under Rules 106.J. or 
902. 
Rule 106.N. member firm benefits apply only to the firm’s member firm trading and not to the 
trading of any affiliates, subsidiaries or customers.  All such positions of the member firm must 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 12 of 19 
 
be carried by a clearing member(s) in accounts separate from positions of affiliates, 
subsidiaries, customers and other entities. 
A Rule 106.N. firm may not hold itself out to the public as a clearing member. 
106.O. 
Transfer of GEM Membership 
Ownership of record of a GEM membership that was formed by the combination of GEM 
fractional interests may be transferred to any of the members whose fractional interests were 
combined to form that GEM membership. 
106.P. 
Transfer to a Family Limited Partnership 
A member may transfer his membership to a Family Limited Partnership ("FLP") with respect 
to which all partners are members of the member’s family who would be eligible for a family 
transfer from the member pursuant to Rule 106.C.  The limited partnership agreement or other 
document(s) governing the FLP shall at all times prohibit transfers of an interest in the FLP to 
any person who is not eligible pursuant to Rule 106.C and shall state that (1) the FLP's interest 
in the membership shall at all times be subject to all of the rules of the Exchange, as may be 
amended, including, but not limited to, Rule 110 and, if the membership is assigned to a 
member firm for membership purposes, Rules 106.J. and 902; (2) management of the FLP 
shall be vested exclusively in a managing general partner, who must qualify for membership by 
satisfying the requirements of Chapter 1 of these rules; and (3) the Exchange shall have no 
liability to the partners for any loss, damage, or expense resulting from any acts  or omissions 
by the managing general partner or any person acting by or through the authority of a general 
partner.  The transferor and the managing general partner (and any successor) shall each 
provide in the form provided by the Exchange a certification that the FLP acquires the 
membership subject to all of the rules of the Exchange and that the FLP is in compliance with 
the requirements of this Rule.  The FLP also may transfer the membership back to the 
transferor. 
If the transfer of a membership to the FLP is made by a bona fide gift or bequest, it shall also 
be subject to the requirements of Rule 106.E. 
Transfer of a membership pursuant to this rule shall not relieve the transferor of any liability to 
the Exchange under Rule 439 with respect to any claim arising out of an act or omission 
occurring prior to such transfer, and the membership will continue to be treated as the asset of 
the transferor for the purposes of Rule 439 and for otherwise meeting any obligations to the 
Exchange arising out of the transferor’s use of the membership prior to the transfer to the FLP, 
including fines imposed with respect to conduct occurring prior to the transfer. 
A membership held pursuant to a transfer under this section may be assigned for membership 
purposes under Rules 106.J. and 902. 
106.Q. 
[Reserved] 
106.R. 
Electronic Corporate Member Firm 
A membership may be owned by, or two memberships may be leased by, an electronic 
corporate member firm.  The membership must be held in the name of the firm.  The electronic 
corporate member firm shall designate on a form provided by the Exchange a representative 
who shall be authorized to deal with the Exchange with respect to such memberships. 
A Rule 106.R. membership may not be transferred pursuant to any other provision of Rule 
106.  The membership may not be assigned for membership purposes under Rules 106.J. or 
902. 
Rule 106.R. benefits apply only to an electronic corporate member firm’s member firm trading 
and not to the trading of any affiliates, subsidiaries or customers.  All such positions of the 
electronic corporate member firm must be carried by a clearing member(s) in accounts 
separate from positions of affiliates, subsidiaries, customers and other entities. 
A Rule 106.R. electronic corporate member firm may not hold itself out to the public as a 
clearing member. 
106.S. 
Family of Funds Member Firm 
A membership may be owned under this Rule by: (1) a clearing member or Rule 106.J. equity 
member firm that is a hedge fund or a fund management company; (2) a fund management 
company of a clearing member or Rule 106.J. equity member firm; or (3) a fund that is part of 
the family of funds of a clearing member or Rule 106.J. equity member firm.  The membership 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 13 of 19 
 
may be held in the name of the fund management company or an approved fund and may be 
transferred to a principal or employee of the fund management company or an approved fund 
and be transferred among their principals and employees provided that: (i) the transfer is 
approved by Exchange staff; (ii) the transferee is approved pursuant to the rules of the 
Exchange; and (iii) the transfer is for the legitimate business purposes of the fund 
management company or fund.  The fund management company or the fund shall have the 
right, at any time, to withdraw the authority of the transferee to trade on the membership, but 
must withdraw such authority upon termination of his employment or other association with the 
company. Notice of the withdrawal of the authority of the transferee to trade on the 
membership must be given to his qualifying clearing member who in turn must notify the 
Department pursuant to Rule 511.A.  The fund management company or the fund shall 
designate on a form provided by the Exchange a representative who shall be authorized to 
deal with the Exchange with respect to the membership transferred under this Section. 
The proceeds of the sale of a membership which is used to qualify a Rule 106.S. family of 
funds member firm shall be subject to Rule 110 claims against both the owner of the 
membership and the Rule 106.S. family of funds member firm.   
A Rule 106.S. membership may not be transferred pursuant to any other provision of Rule 106.  
The membership may not be assigned for membership purposes under Rules 106.J. or 902. 
For each CME, IMM or IOM membership owned by such fund management company or fund 
over the requirement needed to qualify as a clearing or Rule 106.J. equity member firm, Rule 
106.S. benefits shall apply to the trading activity of up to five funds within the family of funds 
managed by the fund management company.  All positions of each fund must be carried by a 
clearing member(s) in accounts separate from positions of affiliates, subsidiaries, customers 
and other funds within the family of funds.  
A Rule 106.S. family of funds member firm may not hold itself out to the public as a clearing 
member. 
Exchange staff may grant exemptions from the requirements of this Rule. 
107. 
APPROVAL OF APPLICANT 
Department staff shall review and approve applicants for membership on the Exchange.  Such 
approval shall be based upon admission criteria established by the Membership Committee.  
The Membership Committee shall review applicants for membership not meeting the staff- 
administered admission criteria. 
Department staff shall inquire into and be satisfied with respect to the reputation and financial 
responsibility of the applicant and the details of the financial arrangements made in connection 
with the purchase or transfer of the membership.  After review of all of the information, a 
decision shall be made as to whether the applicant is qualified for membership.   
An applicant not approved for membership by Department staff shall be referred to a panel of 
the Membership Committee.  A panel of the Membership Committee shall consist of two 
members and a chairman, who shall have a vote.  A unanimous vote of the panel is required 
for approval of the applicant. 
An applicant approved for membership either by Department staff or the Membership 
Committee, as applicable, shall assume the responsibilities and privileges of membership once 
a membership is obtained. 
108. 
[RESERVED] 
109. 
REJECTION OF APPLICANT 
If an applicant is rejected by the Membership Committee panel, the applicant may appeal the 
decision to the full Membership Committee.  The Membership Committee shall decide, by 
majority vote, whether the applicant is qualified for membership.  The decision of the 
Membership Committee shall be final.  An applicant rejected by the Membership Committee 
may be reconsidered for membership if new or additional information is subsequently brought 
to the attention of the Membership Committee.  If an applicant is rejected for membership or if 
for any reason his application is withdrawn, the Exchange shall retain the processing fee and 
the applicant shall assume all risk of gain or loss from the resale of any membership 
purchased by him prior thereto. 
If the applicant executed and filed an Authorization to Sell pursuant to Rule 106.A. with the 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 14 of 19 
 
Department in connection with the financing of the purchase of a membership, then the 
proceeds of any sale of such membership shall be paid to the grantee, up to the amount of the 
debt, including interest.   
110. 
CLAIMS AGAINST MEMBERSHIP, APPLICATION OF PROCEEDS 
For the purposes of this rule "sale" shall include a sale made pursuant to Rule 104 or a 
transfer made in accordance with the provisions of Rule 106; "seller" shall include owners of a 
membership and firms that have membership privileges pursuant to Rules 106. F., G., H., I., J., 
N., R. or S.; and “claim” shall be limited to claims involving incidents that occurred prior to the 
sale of the membership and which arose in connection with Transactions on the Exchange or 
membership in the Exchange. For purposes of this Rule, “Transactions on the Exchange” shall 
include, but are not limited to, transactions receiving preferential clearing fees as a result of the 
membership, regardless of the party entitled to receipt of such preferential fees.  Claims 
resulting from conduct subsequent to the sale of a membership may not be asserted against 
that membership or its proceeds.  All claims against the membership or proceeds resulting 
from the sale of the membership shall be submitted in writing to the Department within 20 days 
of the posting of notice of the sale of said membership.  At the conclusion of the 20-day claim 
filing period, authorized Exchange staff shall conduct an investigation of all claims properly 
filed against the membership sale or its proceeds.  This investigation shall be completed within 
20 days unless the investigation cannot be resolved within that period. 
The total proceeds of the sale, or in the case of a transfer, the value at the mid-point of the bid-
offer spread as of the date of the transfer, of the membership shall be applied to the following 
purposes and in the following order of priority: 
a. 
Payment of all 1) debts owed to the Clearing House, if the membership transferred was 
assigned to the Clearing House pursuant to Rule 902; and 2) dues, fines, contributions, 
charges and other indebtedness owed to the Exchange or the CME Gratuity Fund; 
b. 
Payment of any indebtedness to the clearing member who last qualified the selling 
member prior to the sale arising out of: (i) a pledge of such membership as collateral 
security on such indebtedness, or (ii) a deficit which authorized Exchange staff determines 
to have arisen directly out of Transactions on the Exchange; 
c. 
Payment of amounts due to other clearing members on claims filed which authorized 
 
Exchange staff determines to have arisen directly out of Transactions on the Exchange; 
d. 
Payment of amounts due to members and member firms on claims filed which authorized 
Exchange staff determines to have arisen directly out of Transactions on the Exchange; 
and 
e. 
Payment of amounts due to public customers of the seller or public customers of any party 
receiving preferential clearing fees as a result of the membership based on claims filed by 
such customers or based on reports of the Market Regulation Department, which claims 
are determined by authorized Exchange staff to be based upon misappropriation of 
customer funds, improperly executed transactions, unpaid credit balances, or other similar 
matters, directly related to Transactions on the Exchange. 
No other claims against the proceeds of the sale of a membership shall be recognized and 
administered by the Exchange except where the seller gives the Exchange permission to use 
the proceeds to pay an outstanding tax lien, but the creditors of the seller of a membership not 
falling in the foregoing categories may pursue other legal means of securing payment of their 
obligations.   
Authorized Exchange staff shall make a final determination of all claims filed in time or 
reported by the Market Regulation Department and the Department against the proceeds of 
the sale of a membership. 
Except as provided in Rule 913 or where Exchange staff is aware of an outstanding tax lien, 
Exchange staff shall make a distribution of such proceeds within 40 days after receiving 
notification and confirmation of the sale of the membership, unless claims to the proceeds are 
not resolved within that period.  If, however, at such time an Exchange disciplinary proceeding 
is pending against the seller or any party receiving preferential clearing fees as a result of the 
membership, or, based upon a pending investigation, is highly probable, or if a legal 
proceeding, in respect to which the indemnification provisions of Rule 439 would operate, is 
pending, has been announced or is highly probable, then the Exchange staff shall retain so 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 15 of 19 
 
much of the proceeds as determined by staff in order to satisfy such obligations until such time 
as the pending matter is concluded. 
Distribution of proceeds shall be made by the payment of claims in the categories listed in this 
rule to the extent the proceeds from the sale are sufficient to meet those obligations.  If the 
proceeds of the sale of a membership are insufficient to pay all amounts determined to be due 
under the categories listed in this rule, the proceeds shall be applied to pay the full amounts 
determined to be due under subparagraphs a, b, c, d and e in the priority named.  If the 
proceeds are insufficient to pay the amounts determined to be due under any priority, the 
claims due under that priority shall be paid pro rata, and the remaining priorities shall be left 
unpaid.  In determining the amount of any claim, the Exchange staff shall first deduct the fair 
cash value of any collateral held by that claimant.  Creditors of the seller of a membership 
whose obligations are not fully satisfied pursuant to this paragraph may pursue other legal 
means of securing payment of their obligations. 
The surplus, if any, shall be paid to the person whose membership was sold or his legal 
representative or a 106.A.-B. grantee, as applicable, upon the execution of a satisfactory 
release.  The Exchange staff’s determination and allowance of claims hereunder shall be final.  
The death, incompetence, expulsion, suspension, insolvency or bankruptcy of a member shall 
not affect the rights of claimants under this rule. 
111.— 119. [RESERVED] 
PRIVILEGES AND RESPONSIBILITIES 
120. 
MEMBERSHIP CATEGORIES 
There are four categories of membership: CME, IMM, IOM and GEM.  CME Division 
membership privileges extend to all CME products; IMM Division membership privileges are 
limited to products assigned to that Division, the IOM Division and the GEM Division by the 
Board; IOM Division membership privileges are limited to products assigned to that Division 
and the GEM Division by the Board; and GEM Division membership privileges are limited to 
products assigned to that Division by the Board.  CME, IMM, IOM and/or GEM members may 
also be granted Expanded-Access Product privileges in connection with designated products 
listed by CBOT. 
A member who trades products on Globex in which he does not have membership privileges is 
not entitled to member’s rates for such trades. 
121. 
MEMBERSHIP PRIVILEGES 
Membership in the Exchange entitles the member to certain privileges including the right: 
a. 
To access the trading floor if properly qualified by a clearing member; 
b. 
To act as a Floor Broker and/or Floor Trader in accordance with Exchange rules; and 
c. 
To receive member or lessee fee rates in accordance with Exchange requirements. 
122. 
MEMBERSHIP DUES AND ASSESSMENTS PAYABLE 
Dues and other amounts owed to the Exchange, including CME Gratuity Fund dues and 
assessments, are payable upon receipt of the invoice.  Members in arrears 60 days after the 
invoice date may forfeit all membership privileges, including the privilege of accessing the floor 
and reduced clearing and trading fees, including Globex fees.  Exchange staff shall use 
reasonable efforts to notify the member before any privileges are forfeited. 
Each permit holder’s employing clearing member is responsible for the payment of the permit 
holder’s dues, fees and assessments. 
123. 
COMPLIANCE WITH THE COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT 
All members of the Exchange shall comply with the provisions of the Commodity Exchange Act 
and the rules and regulations duly issued pursuant thereto by the CFTC, including the filing of 
reports, maintenance of books and records, and permitting inspection and visitation by duly 
authorized representatives of the CFTC. 
124. 
VIOLATIONS OF COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 16 of 19 
 
Within a reasonable time following the receipt of final notice under Section 6(c) of the 
Commodity Exchange Act from the CFTC that any person has been found guilty of violating 
the provisions of the Commodity Exchange Act, Exchange staff shall take the necessary action 
to effectuate the order of the CFTC, as applicable, and shall report such action to the Board. 
125. 
GRATUITY FUND 
Every person becoming a member of the Exchange who is not leasing a membership and 
every person becoming a member of any Division of the Exchange, whether now or hereafter 
existing, who at the time of his admission has not attained his 55th birthday, shall automatically 
become a member of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. Gratuity Fund and shall be required to 
pay the initial fee and all assessments imposed, in compliance with the by-laws of said Gratuity 
Fund and shall be bound by said by-laws and all amendments thereof and by such other rules 
and regulations as may be adopted by the Board of Directors of the Exchange or the Gratuity 
Fund in conformity with such by-laws.  Every person who becomes a member of the Gratuity 
Fund shall be required to continue as a member thereof so long as he continues as a member 
of the Exchange or any of its Divisions. 
126. 
MEMBERSHIP EDUCATION PROGRAMS 
A member’s right to access the trading floor requires that he first attend an initial educational 
program respecting CFTC and Exchange trading rules, federal, Exchange, and administrative 
sanctions for violating rules, and members’ legal and professional responsibilities concerning 
treatment of customer orders and handling of customer business. 
Continued access requires members to comply with the ethics standards set forth in Appendix 
B to Part 3 of the CFTC’s Regulations-Statement of Acceptable Practices, or any equivalent 
ethics training. 
127. 
TRADING AND SOLICITATION PRIVILEGES1 
A member shall have the right, subject to the rules of the Exchange, to trade as principal and 
as broker for others by open outcry only with respect to products assigned to his membership 
division or designated Expanded-Access Products.  The Exchange shall designate the CME 
products which CME and CBOT members may solicit from the combined CME and CBOT 
trading floor.  In order to solicit customer business, the member must have proper industry 
registration.  All solicitations must take place from the trading floor or the premises of an entity 
registered to conduct customer business.  Solicitations occurring from the premises of an entity 
registered to conduct customer business must be on behalf of the entity or one of its properly 
registered affiliates and such entity or affiliate must be an NFA member if required by NFA 
rules. 
128-129. 
[RESERVED] 
130. 
REQUIRED NOTICES BY MEMBER FIRMS AND SUSPENSION OF MEMBER 
FIRM PRIVILEGES 
Rule 106.H., I., J., N., R., and S. member firms shall notify the Financial and Regulatory 
Surveillance Department prior to any proposed merger, acquisition, consolidation, 
combination, sale, or any other change of ownership involving such Rule 106.H., I., J., N., R., 
or S.  firm.  
 
Rule 106.H., I., J., N., R., and S. member firms shall notify the Financial and Regulatory 
Surveillance Department in a timely manner of any material change in key personnel who are 
responsible to act on behalf of the member firm.    
If any Rule 106.H., I., J., N., R., or S. firm:  
• 
has notified the Exchange or the Exchange otherwise becomes aware of a significant 
event as defined in Rule 442; or  
• 
that is an FCM fails to meet CFTC minimum financial requirements in the opinion of 
the Financial and Regulatory Surveillance Department; or  
• 
neglects to promptly furnish a statement upon request,  
 
1 Adopted April 2008. 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 17 of 19 
 
the membership privileges of the Rule 106.H., I., J., N., R., or S.  firm may be suspended, 
subject to the procedures set forth in Rule 974.B.  
INVOLUNTARY SALE 
131. 
EXPULSION FOR FRAUD OR DISHONESTY PRIOR TO ELECTION TO 
MEMBERSHIP 
A member or a firm with membership privileges who is found guilty of fraud or dishonest 
conduct by any court, commodity or securities exchange or related clearing organization, the 
Securities and Exchange Commission, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission or the 
securities commission or equivalent authority of any state, territory, the District of Columbia or 
foreign country, the National Futures Association, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, 
or any self-regulatory or regulatory organization prior to becoming a member and of failing to 
make full disclosure thereof in his or its application for membership, or who is found guilty of 
having made a false statement of a material fact in or in connection with his or its application, 
may be expelled from membership in the Exchange by a Panel of the Business Conduct 
Committee.  
132.  
SALE OF MEMBERSHIP AT DIRECTION OF REGULATORY AUTHORITY  
 
If the Exchange is apprised by a regulatory authority with jurisdiction over the owner of a 
membership that said membership was obtained unlawfully based on the laws of the 
jurisdiction in which the owner of a membership is located or where the regulatory authority 
directs that the owner of the membership relinquish ownership, the Chief Executive Officer 
may order the membership to be sold and the proceeds applied as provided in Rule 110.  If, 
within 30 days of such order of sale, the owner voluntarily sells the membership, the ordered 
sale of the membership shall be cancelled.  If the membership is not sold by the owner within 
30 days of the order, then the membership involved shall be sold by the Exchange to the 
highest bid on file with the Department for such membership upon the opening of the seat sale 
market on the sixth business day after expiration of the 30-day period. 
133. 
SALE OF MEMBERSHIP WHEN MEMBER DEFAULTS 
If Exchange staff determines that a member or a firm that has membership privileges is in 
default upon any financial obligation due to the Exchange or any financial obligation to another 
member or to a clearing member in connection with transactions on the Exchange, the Chief 
Executive Officer may order the membership of the defaulting member or firm sold and the 
proceeds applied as provided in Rule 110.  If, within 30 days of such order of sale, the 
defaulting member or firm satisfies the indebtedness and provides proof of such satisfaction to 
staff, the ordered sale of the membership shall be cancelled.  If full payment is not made within 
the 30-day period, then the membership involved shall be sold by the Exchange to the highest 
bid on file with the Department for such membership upon the opening of the seat sale market 
on the sixth business day after expiration of the 30-day period.  If the proceeds from the sale 
are less than the indebtedness of the defaulting member or firm, such debtor shall remain 
liable to the Exchange or its members or clearing members for the deficit. 
134. 
[RESERVED] 
135. 
GEM DIVISION 
A GEM member who trades electronically or places orders for pit- or electronically-traded 
products in which he does not have membership privileges is not entitled to member rates for 
such trades.  The time during which a GEM membership is held will not be counted toward 
satisfaction of the holding period necessary to permit lessees to become order fillers unless 
the holder can demonstrate that he was primarily engaged in active trading or order filling in 
GEM Division products during that holding period.   
136.-194. 
[RESERVED] 
195. 
MARKET MAKER AND INCENTIVE PROGRAMS 
The Exchange may approve the implementation of market maker or incentive programs (each 
individually a “Program” or collectively, “Programs”) from time to time or modifications to 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 18 of 19 
 
existing Programs. The terms and conditions of each individual Program will be set forth in 
separate regulatory filings submitted to the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (“CFTC” 
or “Commission”). This Rule 195 contains terms and conditions that are generally applicable to 
the Exchange’s administration of the Programs.  
Any person, entity, or firm that is accepted as a participant in any of the Exchange’s Programs 
shall be subject to Exchange Rules as one of the Program terms and conditions (each such 
person, entity, or firm a “Participant”).  
195.A. 
Restriction on Non-Public Knowledge  
With the exception of allowable privately negotiated transactions and orders executed in 
accordance with Rule 539.C., an individual responsible for performing the duties of a market 
maker in which the Participant would be required to maintain two-sided markets in products 
designated by the Exchange, may not accept, hold or in any manner have possession or non-
public knowledge of orders for any other person, including knowledge of customer orders, in 
the same or a related market. All contract months in the product and any related futures or 
options contracts, in addition to any corresponding mini-sized futures or options contracts shall 
be considered to be the same or a related market for purposes of this Rule.  
195.B. 
Program Terms and Conditions  
1. 
Authority.  
The Exchange shall have the sole authority to determine the qualifications, eligibility, product 
scope, start and end date, requirements, restrictions, obligations, and incentives of each 
Program (“Program Terms”) and whether an applicant or current Participant meets or has met 
the Program Terms. The Exchange reserves the right in its sole discretion to apply and 
interpret Program Terms and modify Program Terms. The Exchange has sole discretion to 
determine whether a Participant is admitted into or continues participation in any Program.  
2. 
Registration, Documentation, Accounts and Information.  
The Exchange may require the Participant to provide and/or execute documentation, including 
but not limited to applications, bid sheets and/or agreements (collectively, “Documents”) 
containing the Program Terms or other participant information prior to admission or continued 
participation in a Program. Where Documents are required, they must be submitted in 
accordance with any specified requirements set forth by the Exchange. The implementation or 
modification of a Program is subject to all applicable regulatory processes and certification with 
the CFTC, and the completion of such processes and certification are conditions precedent to 
the effectiveness of any Document.  
All information supplied by the Participant concerning the Participant, its principals, and all 
other information set forth in its Documents must be true, correct and complete. Submission of 
incomplete, incorrect, or false information may subject the Participant to Exchange disciplinary 
action. The Participant agrees to notify the Exchange in writing of any material changes with 
respect to the information that take place after the Participant has submitted its Documents 
and, if accepted into the Program, for the duration of the Participant’s participation in the 
Program.  
The Participant must provide the Exchange with any required information including, without 
restriction, any account information, and register such accounts with the Exchange in order to 
be eligible to participate in the Program. Participant accounts must be registered with the 
Exchange for each Program into which a Participant is admitted. Any Participant that has not 
provided account information on a timely basis may not be eligible to receive incentives in the 
Exchange’s sole discretion.  
The Participant shall promptly notify the Exchange in writing if the Participant: (i) merges with 
or acquires, in whole or in part, any separate trading entity, or (ii) is acquired, in whole or in 
part, by any separate entity.  
3. 
Monitoring of Participant Activity.  
The Exchange shall have the right to monitor the Participant’s activity to ensure compliance 
with the Program Terms.  
 
 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 19 of 19 
 
4. 
Incentives.  
The Exchange has the sole and final determination as to any rankings, calculations, accrual, 
and disbursement of incentives. Apart from the specific fee incentives listed in the Program, in 
any, all fees associated with transacting on the Exchange will continue to apply at the 
applicable standard rates.  
5. 
Exchange Right to Terminate Participation.  
The Exchange may terminate a Participant’s status in a Program in its sole discretion, 
including but not limited to the following circumstances: (a) the Participant no longer meets the 
qualifications or eligibility requirements of the Program or has failed to meet any applicable 
Program obligations; (b) the Participant violates any of the Rules; (c) the Participant takes any 
action or engages in any omission that, in the Exchange’s sole discretion, has an adverse 
effect on, or damages the reputation of, the Exchange, the Program’s products, or any of the 
Exchange’s trading and/or clearing venues; (d) such termination is necessary, in the sole 
discretion of the Exchange, to comply with any applicable law or regulation, or any other 
agreement, legal proceeding, investigation or settlement to which the Exchange, or any of its 
affiliates, is a party or which may affect the Exchange or any of its affiliates; (e) the Exchange 
is asked or required to terminate or modify the applicable Program by the Commission or its 
staff, or any other regulatory body or its staff with jurisdiction over such matters; (f) the 
Participant ceases doing business as a going concern; (g) the Participant files any petition 
under the Federal Bankruptcy Act or any state insolvency law, becomes insolvent, has an 
involuntary petition in bankruptcy filed against it or has a receiver appointed for it or its 
property; (h) the Participant fails to maintain an appropriate clearing arrangement with an 
Exchange clearing member firm; or (i) the Exchange delists the products under the applicable 
Program, upon the effective date of such delisting.  
6. 
Delisting of Program Products.  
To the extent that additional products included in the applicable Program have not been 
delisted, the applicable Program shall remain in effect with respect to the remaining listed 
products unless otherwise terminated by the Exchange.  
7. 
Limitation of Liability.  
The Exchange shall not have any liability to Participant or any third party with respect to its 
administration of a Program, and the exclusive remedy of Participant for any claim under a 
Program will be termination of the applicable Document for enrolment in a Program and 
Participant’s participation in a Program. The Exchange and its partners, directors, officers, 
employees, shareholders and agents shall not be liable to Participant, or to any third party, for 
any damages, whether actual, direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential, of any type 
whatsoever, arising out of or relating in any manner to the administration of a Program, the 
Program Terms, and the applicable Document for enrolment in a Program. For the avoidance 
of doubt, the liability of the Exchange for any event not related to the administration of the 
Program shall be limited by Rule 578 and any related dispute shall be subject to the arbitration 
requirements of Rule 578.  
195.C. 
Priority  
Nothing in this Rule shall alter or waive a Participant’s responsibility to comply with the 
provisions of the Commodity Exchange Act (“CEA” or “Act”) and the rules and regulations duly 
issued pursuant thereto by the CFTC, including the filing of reports, maintenance of books and 
records, and permitting inspection and visitation by duly authorized representatives of the 
CFTC.  
195. D. 
Participant Compliance  
If a Participant is accepted into a Program, the Participant must comply with all applicable 
Program Terms, Exchange Rules, Exchange Fee Policy Bulletins, and Exchange policies 
located on CME Group Inc.’s website at www.cmegroup.com, including all amendments 
thereto. 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 4 
 
CHAPTER 2 
GOVERNMENT 
 
200.-229. 
[RESERVED] 
 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS – POWERS AND DUTIES 
230. 
 
GENERAL 
231. 
 
[RESERVED] 
232. 
 
EXCHANGE FACILITIES 
233. 
 
[RESERVED] 
234. 
 
AVOIDING CONFLICTS OF INTEREST IN “SIGNIFICANT ACTIONS” 
 
 
234.A. Definitions 
 
 
234.B. Review of Position Information 
 
 
234.C. Determination Whether Abstention Required 
235.-255. 
[RESERVED] 
 
EXCHANGE OFFICERS AND EMPLOYEES 
256. 
 
INDEMNIFICATION OF CERTAIN PERSONS 
257. 
 
EXCHANGE PHYSICAL EMERGENCIES 
258. 
 
EXCHANGE PERSONAL TRADING POLICY


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 4 
 
Chapter 2 
Government 
200.— 229. [RESERVED] 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS – POWERS AND DUTIES 
230. 
GENERAL 
The Board shall, subject to applicable provisions in the relevant corporate charter and bylaws: 
a. 
Be the governing body of the Exchange; 
b. 
Have charge and control of all property of the Exchange; 
c. 
Provide, acquire and maintain suitable Exchange quarters and facilities; 
d. 
[Reserved]; 
e. 
[Reserved]; 
f. 
Designate and authorize specific appointed officers to act on behalf of the Board to execute 
contracts within specified budgetary limits; 
g. 
Fix, determine and levy all membership dues, fees and assessments when necessary; 
h.  Act in a judicial capacity in the conduct of hearings with respect to any charges proffered 
against Members as defined in Rule 400 and non-members and, after such hearings, 
determine what disciplinary action, if any, should be taken by the Exchange with respect to 
those charges;  
i.  
Determine the commodities traded, the Division in which they shall be traded, the delivery 
months, hours of trading, the days of the contract month on which delivery may be made, and 
performance bond requirements;  
j. 
Make and amend the Rules; provided, the Board may also delegate authority to make and 
amend the Rules as it deems appropriate; and  
k. 
Have power to act in emergencies. In the event that the Board or a hearing panel of the Board 
determines that an emergency situation exists in which the free and orderly market in a 
commodity is likely to be disrupted, or the financial integrity of the Exchange is threatened, or 
the normal functioning of the Exchange has been or is likely to be disrupted, it may, upon a 
majority vote of the members present or upon a majority vote of the members who respond to 
a poll, take such action as may in the Board's sole discretion appear necessary to prevent, 
correct or alleviate the emergency condition. Board members who abstain from voting on a 
Significant Action as defined in Rule 234 shall not be counted in determining whether such 
action was approved by a majority vote, but such members can be counted for the purpose of 
determining whether a quorum exists. Without limiting the foregoing, the Board may: (1) 
suspend, curtail or terminate trading in any or all contracts, (2) limit trading to liquidation of 
contracts only, (3) order liquidation or transfer of all or a portion of a member's proprietary 
and/or customers' accounts, (4) order liquidation of positions of which the holder is unable or 
unwilling to make or take delivery, (5) confine trading to a specific price range, (6) modify the 
trading days or hours, (7) alter conditions of delivery, (8) fix the settlement price at which 
contracts are to be liquidated, and (9) require additional performance bonds to be deposited 
with the Clearing House. All Exchange contracts shall be subject to the Board's emergency 
powers and the specifications of each shall be deemed subject to this rule.  
 
Any authority or discretion by these rules vested in or delegated to any other Person or 
committee shall not be construed to deprive the Board of such authority or discretion and in the 
event of a conflict, the determination of the matter by the Board shall prevail. 
231. 
[RESERVED] 
232. 
EXCHANGE FACILITIES 
The Exchange shall provide trading facilities which shall be open for trading on such days and at 
such hours as the Exchange shall determine, except during emergency situations as provided by 
Exchange rules.  
233. 
[RESERVED] 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 3 of 4 
 
234. 
AVOIDING CONFLICTS OF INTEREST IN "SIGNIFICANT ACTIONS" 
234.A. 
Definitions 
For purposes of this rule: 
1. 
"Significant Action" means (a) an Exchange action or rule change which addresses an 
"emergency" as defined in CFTC Regulation 40.1(h); or (b) any change in Exchange 
performance bond levels that is designed to respond to extraordinary market conditions such 
as an actual or attempted corner, squeeze, congestion or undue concentration of positions, or 
that otherwise is likely to have a substantial effect on prices in any contract traded or cleared at 
the Exchange. 
2. 
"Committee" means the Board or any body that is authorized to take a Significant Action. 
3. 
"Member's Affiliated Firm" means a firm in which the member is a "principal," as defined in 
CFTC Regulation 3.1(a), or an employee. 
234.B. 
Review of Position Information 
1. 
Prior to the consideration of any Significant Action, each member of the Committee must 
disclose to the appropriate Exchange staff the following position information to the extent 
known to him: 
a. 
Gross positions held at the Exchange in the member's personal accounts or "controlled 
accounts," as defined in CFTC Regulation 1.3(j); 
b. 
Gross positions held at the Exchange in proprietary accounts of the Member's Affiliated 
Firm; 
c. 
Gross positions held at the Exchange in accounts in which the member is a principal; 
d. 
Net positions held at the Exchange in customer accounts at the Member's Affiliated Firm; 
and 
e. 
Any other types of positions, at the Exchange or elsewhere, held in the member's personal 
accounts or the proprietary accounts of the Member's Affiliated Firm that could reasonably 
be expected to be affected by the Significant Action. 
2. 
Exchange staff will independently determine what positions are held in each of the above 
categories based on a review of the most recent large trader reports and clearing records 
available to the Exchange and any other source of information that is held by and reasonably 
available to the Exchange, taking into consideration the exigency of the Significant Action. 
3. 
The requirements of sections B.1. and B.2. apply only to members who participate in either the 
deliberations or voting on the Significant Action in question. 
234.C. 
Determination Whether Abstention Required 
1. 
A member of a Committee must abstain from both the deliberations and voting by such 
Committee on any Significant Action if the member knowingly has a direct and substantial 
financial interest in the result of the vote based upon either Exchange or non-Exchange 
positions that could reasonably be expected to be affected by the action or is otherwise 
conflicted based on existing Exchange policy.  Exchange staff will independently require a 
member of a Committee to abstain from both the deliberations and voting by such Committee 
on any Significant Action if, based upon the information reviewed in sections B.1. and B.2. 
above, Exchange staff determines that the member has a direct and substantial financial 
interest in the result of the vote. 
2. 
The Exchange will prepare written records to document that the conflicts determination 
procedures required by this rule have been followed.  Such records will include (a) the names 
of all members who attended the meeting in person or who otherwise were present by 
electronic means; (b) the name of any member who voluntarily recused himself or was 
required to abstain from both the deliberations and voting on a matter and the reason for the 
recusal or abstention, if stated; and (c) information on the position information that was 
reviewed for each member. 
235.—255. [RESERVED] 
 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 4 of 4 
 
EXCHANGE OFFICERS AND EMPLOYEES 
256. 
INDEMNIFICATION OF CERTAIN PERSONS 
The Exchange shall indemnify its directors, officers, trustees, Committee members, employees, 
and other persons as specified in Article VII of the Exchange’s Bylaws. 
257. 
EXCHANGE PHYSICAL EMERGENCIES 
In the event that the functions of the Exchange are, or are threatened to be, severely and adversely 
affected by a physical emergency such as fire or other casualty, bomb threats, substantial 
inclement weather, power failures, communications breakdowns, computer system breakdowns, 
screen-based trading system breakdowns, malfunctions of plumbing, heating, ventilation, and air 
conditioning systems or transportation breakdowns, the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Operating 
Officer or their delegate may take any action necessary to deal with the emergency, including but 
not limited to, a suspension of trading.  In the absence of the aforementioned Exchange officers or 
delegate, any member of the Executive Committee may act instead of the Chief Executive Officer 
or Chief Operating Officer. 
Upon a determination by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Operating Officer or their delegate 
that the physical emergency has sufficiently abated to permit the orderly functioning of the 
Exchange, he shall order restoration of trading or the removal of other restrictions imposed. 
The Exchange shall notify the CFTC of the implementation, modification or termination of a 
physical emergency action as soon as possible after taking the action. 
Nothing in this rule shall in any way limit the authority of the Board of Directors to act in an 
emergency situation pursuant to Rule 230.k. 
 258. 
EXCHANGE PERSONAL TRADING POLICY 
(a) Definitions: For purposes of this Rule, the terms “employee,” “material information,” non-public-
information” and “commodity interest” have the meanings ascribed to them in CFTC Regulation 
1.59. The term “connected person” has the meaning ascribed to it in the CME Group Personal 
Trading Policy.  
 
(b) No Board member, committee member, employee or consultant of the Exchange shall (i) trade 
directly or indirectly in any commodity interest if such Board member, committee member, 
employee, or consultant has access to any material, non-public information concerning such 
commodity interest or (ii) disclose for any purpose inconsistent with the performance of such 
person’s official duties any material non-public information obtained in connection with such Board 
member’s, committee member’s, employee’s or consultant’s special access related to the 
performance of such duties.  
 
(c) No employee or consultant of the Exchange may trade (i) any futures or options on futures, 
regardless of where they are listed or available for trading; or (ii) any swaps cleared by the Chicago 
Mercantile Exchange Inc. Clearing House. These prohibitions also apply to connected persons of 
the foregoing, unless the connected person engages in the trading activity in a professional 
capacity.  
(End Chapter 2) 
 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 3 
 
CHAPTER 3 
EXCHANGE COMMITTEES 
 
300. 
 
COMMITTEES 
 
 
300.A. General Provisions 
 
 
300.B. Board Level Committees 
 
 
300.C. Non-Board Level Committees 
 
 
300.D. Disqualification from Certain Committees and Governing Boards 
 
 
300.E. Disciplinary Offenses Defined 
 
 
300.F. Use of Disclosure of Material, Non-Public Information 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 3 
 
Chapter 3 
Exchange Committees 
300. 
COMMITTEES 
300.A. 
General Provisions 
The Board shall establish from time to time Board level committees as defined in the bylaws and non-
Board level committees necessary to conduct the business of the Exchange. 
Every committee of the Exchange must have a chairman or co-chairmen.  For purposes of these Rules, 
each co-chairman shall have the powers and duties of a chairman if acting in the capacity of a 
chairman.  The chairman or co-chairmen may either be members of the Board, if required by the Rules 
or applicable committee charter, Exchange members or employees of member firms, or non-members.  
The Chairman of the Board may appoint vice-chairmen or alternate chairmen to each committee.  All 
meetings shall be called upon request of the chairman of the committee.  In the absence of the 
chairman or a co-chairman, the function of that office shall be performed by a vice-chairman or an 
alternate chairman and may be performed by the Chairman of the Board. 
Meetings shall be conducted according to established procedures of the Exchange, its bylaws or 
committee charter, as applicable.  In the absence of established procedures, or in the case of a dispute, 
Robert's Rules of Order may be consulted as a guide.  Voting by proxy at committee meetings shall not 
be permitted. 
300.B. 
Board Level Committees 
The duties of Board level committees are to establish plans for the strategic direction of the Exchange, 
develop regulatory policy, advise and assist the Board and perform the specific duties assigned to them 
elsewhere in these Rules and/or in their charters.  The Board may refer to a committee any matter 
within the committee's jurisdiction, and it shall be the duty of the committee to meet, consider the matter 
and make a complete report to the Board. 
A quorum of a Board level committee shall consist of a majority of the members of the committee.  All 
members of a Board level committee shall be entitled to vote. 
300.C. 
Non-Board Level Committees 
The duties of non-Board level committees are to review investigation reports prepared by Exchange 
staff, conduct hearings and/or advise and assist the Board and perform the specific duties assigned to 
them elsewhere in these Rules, in their charters or by the Board.  The Board may refer to a committee 
any matter within the committee’s jurisdiction and it shall be the duty of the committee to meet, consider 
the matter and make a complete report to the Board. 
The Chairman may appoint Exchange members or employees of member firms and non-members to all 
non-Board level committees to serve during the Chairman's term of office and until new committees are 
appointed.  The Chairman may at any time remove any member of a committee, with or without cause, 
and all vacancies shall be filled as in the case of an original appointment.1 
Unless otherwise provided in the Rules, a quorum of a non-Board level committee shall consist of a 
majority of the members of a committee or a committee panel, excluding the vice-chairman, if any.  The 
chairman of a non-Board level committee, or another individual acting in the capacity of the chairman, 
may vote only to make or break a tie vote unless otherwise provided in the Rules. 
No more than one member of a single broker association may serve on a panel of an adjudicatory 
committee.2 
300.D. 
Disqualification from Certain Committees and Governing Boards 
No person shall serve on the Board of Directors or any Board level committee; the Clearing House Risk 
Committee; the IRS Risk Committee; the Business Conduct Committee; any Pit Committee; the Floor 
Conduct Committee or the Arbitration Committee 
1) who is found by a final decision or settlement agreement (or absent a finding in the settlement 
agreement if any acts charged included a disciplinary offense) to have committed a disciplinary offense, 
as defined in Section E. below; or 
2) whose CFTC registration in any capacity has been revoked or suspended; or 
3) who is subject to an agreement with the CFTC or any self-regulatory organization not to apply for 
                                                 
1 Revised December 2008. 
2 Revised December 2008. 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 3 of 3 
 
registration or membership; or 
4) who is subject to a denial, suspension or disqualification from serving on a disciplinary committee, 
oversight committee, arbitration panel or governing board of any self-regulatory organization as that 
term is defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; or 
5) who has been convicted of any felony listed in Section 8a(2)(D)(ii) through (iv) of the Commodity 
Exchange Act; 
for a period of three years from the date of such final decision or for such a time as the person remains 
subject to any suspension, expulsion or has failed to pay any portion of a fine imposed for committing a 
disciplinary offense, whichever is longer. 
300.E. 
Disciplinary Offenses Defined 
"Disciplinary offense" is defined as a: 
(1) Violation of any Exchange rule or the rules of a self-regulatory organization (as defined in CFTC 
Regulation 1.63(a)(1)), except those violations that are related to (a) decorum or attire, (b) financial 
requirements, or (c) reporting or recordkeeping violations which receive cumulative fines of $5,000 or 
less within any calendar year; 
 (2) Notwithstanding paragraph (1) above, a “disciplinary offense” shall include a violation of any 
Exchange rule or rule of another self-regulatory organization which: (a) involves fraud, deceit or 
conversion; or (b) results in an access denial, suspension or expulsion; 
(3) Violation of the Commodity Exchange Act or CFTC regulations; or 
(4) Failure to exercise supervisory responsibility in violation of the Rules of the Exchange, the rules of 
other self-regulatory organizations, the Commodity Exchange Act or CFTC regulations with respect to 
activities that involved fraud, deceit or conversion. 
A Person who serves on any of the committees listed in Rule 300.D. shall inform the Exchange if he or 
she is currently ineligible, and shall immediately inform the Exchange if he or she later becomes 
ineligible, to serve on such committees under the standards set forth above with respect to disciplinary 
offenses.  Violation of this rule shall be an act detrimental to the interest or welfare of the Exchange. 
300.F. 
 
Use or Disclosure of Material, Non-Public Information 
No member of any committee shall use or disclose, for any purpose other than the performance of such 
person’s official duties as a member of a committee, any material non-public information obtained by 
such person as a result of such person’s participation on any such committee; provided, however, that if 
any such person who effects any transactions after having received any such material, non-public 
information so obtained can show that such transaction was effected in the ordinary course of such 
person’s business, such person shall not be deemed to have used such information in violation of this 
rule, unless it can be shown that such person would not have effected such transaction in the absence 
of such information.  For the purposes of this rule, the terms “material” and “non-public information” 
shall have the meaning set forth in CFTC Regulation 1.59(a). 
(End Chapter 3) 
  
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
CHAPTER 4 
ENFORCEMENT OF RULES 
 
400. 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
401. 
 
THE CHIEF REGULATORY OFFICER 
402. 
 
BUSINESS CONDUCT COMMITTEE 
 
 
402.A. Jurisdiction and General Provisions 
 
 
402.B. Sanctions 
 
 
402.C. Emergency Actions 
 
 
403. 
 
CLEARING HOUSE RISK COMMITTEE 
 
 
403.A. Jurisdiction and General Provisions 
 
 
403.B. Offers of Settlement 
 
 
403.C. Emergency Actions 
 
 
403.D. Appeal of Administrative Fines 
404. 
 
PIT COMMITTEE 
405. 
 
FLOOR CONDUCT COMMITTEE 
406. 
 
ISSUANCE OF CHARGES 
407. 
INVESTIGATION, CHARGING MEMORANDUM AND NOTICE OF CHARGES 
 
 
407.A. Investigation File 
 
 
407.B. Notice of Charges; Opportunity for Hearing 
 
 
407.C. Answer to Charges 
 
 
407.D. Amendment to Charging Memorandum; Non-Prosecution of Charges 
408. 
 
CONDUCT OF HEARINGS 
 
 
408.A. General 
 
 
408.B. Pre-Hearing 
 
 
408.C. Offers of Settlement 
 
 
408.D. Contested Hearings 
 
 
408.E. Decisions 
408.F. Default Proceedings 
409. 
 
SUMMARY PROCEEDINGS BEFORE THE FLOOR CONDUCT COMMITTEE 
 
 
409.A. Jurisdiction 
 
 
409.B. Selection of Panel 
 
 
409.C. Conduct of Summary Proceedings 
 
 
409.D. Appeals 
410. 
 
[RESERVED] 
411. 
 
APPEAL TO A HEARING PANEL OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
412. 
 
SUMMARY ACTIONS 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
413. 
 
SUMMARY ACCESS DENIAL ACTIONS 
 
 
413.A. Authority to Deny Access 
 
 
413.B. Notice 
 
 
413.C. Hearing 
 
 
413.D. Duration of Access Denial 
414. 
 
INVESTIGATIONS BY OTHER SELF-REGULATORY ORGANIZATIONS 
415. 
INFORMATION-SHARING AGREEMENTS 
416. 
 
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
 
 
416.A. Abstention Requirements 
 
 
416.B. Disclosure of Relationship 
417. 
 
PROHIBITED COMMUNICATIONS 
 
 
417.A. Ex Parte Communications 
 
 
417.B. Communications with Panelists 
 
 
417.C. Disclosure 
418. 
 
CONSENT TO EXCHANGE JURISDICTION 
419. 
 
CONTRACT MODIFICATION 
420. - 431. 
[RESERVED] 
432. 
 
GENERAL OFFENSES 
433. 
 
STRICT LIABILITY FOR THE ACTS OF AGENTS 
434. 
 
[RESERVED] 
435. 
 
EFFECT OF SUSPENSION OR EXPULSION 
436. 
 
[RESERVED] 
437. 
 
NOTICE OF DISCIPLINE 
438. 
 
[RESERVED] 
439. 
 
MEMBER’S INDEMNIFICATION LIABILITY 
440. 
 
CLAIMS BY MEMBERS 
441. 
 
COMMUNICATIONS WITH THE PUBLIC AND PROMOTIONAL MATERIAL 
442. 
 
NOTIFICATION OF SIGNIFICANT EVENTS 
443. 
 
[RESERVED] 
444. 
PAYMENTS OF DISCIPLINARY FINES, DISGORGEMENT ORDERS AND 
RESTITUTION 
 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Chapter 4 
Enforcement of Rules 
 
400. 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
The Board has adopted Rules, and from time to time adopts amendments and supplements to such 
Rules, to promote a free and open market on the Exchange, to maintain appropriate business conduct 
and to provide protection to the public in its dealings with the Exchange and its Members.  The Board 
has created committees to which it has delegated responsibility for the investigation, hearing and 
imposition of penalties for violations of Exchange Rules.  The Board has also delegated responsibility 
for the investigation and imposition of penalties for violations of certain Exchange Rules to Exchange 
staff as set forth in the Rules.  The delegation of such responsibility and authority shall in no way limit 
the authority of the Board with respect to all Rule violations. 
For purposes of Chapter 4, the term "Member" shall mean: 1) members and clearing members of the 
Exchange, including retired members with floor access privileges and individuals and entities described 
in Rule 106; 2) associated persons ("APs") and affiliates of clearing members and member firms of the 
Exchange; 3) guaranteed introducing brokers of clearing members and member firms of the Exchange 
and their APs; 4) Exchange permit holders and any Person or entity that has been granted cross-
exchange trading privileges; 5) employees, authorized representatives, contractors, and agents of a 
Member in regard to the Exchange related activities of such individuals or entities; 6) regular firms; 7) 
any Person subject to the jurisdiction of the Exchange pursuant to Rule 418; 8) individuals and entities 
that have agreed in writing or via electronic signature to comply with the Rules of the Exchange; and 
9) CBOT members and other individuals who have access to the Trading Floor. 
Members are deemed to know, consent to and be bound by all Exchange Rules.  Former Members 
shall be subject to the continuing jurisdiction of the Exchange, including, without limitation, the 
application of Rule 432.L., with respect to any conduct that occurred while a Member. 
 
401. 
THE CHIEF REGULATORY OFFICER 
It shall be the duty of the Chief Regulatory Officer to enforce Exchange Rules, and he shall have 
available to him at all times the resources of the Market Regulation Department and such other 
Exchange resources as may be necessary to conduct investigations of potential or alleged Rule 
violations and market conditions.  The Chief Regulatory Officer shall have the authority to inspect the 
books and records of all parties subject to the jurisdiction of the Exchange pursuant to Rule 418 and 
the authority to require any such party to appear before him and produce his or its books and records 
and answer questions regarding alleged violations of Exchange Rules, at the time, place and in the 
manner he designates. The Chief Regulatory Officer shall be authorized to issue charges at the request 
of the Market Regulation Department pursuant to the provisions of Rule 406. The Chief Regulatory 
Officer may also delegate his authority to staff of the Market Regulation Department. 
 
402. 
BUSINESS CONDUCT COMMITTEE 
402.A. Jurisdiction and General Provisions 
The Business Conduct Committee (“BCC”) shall have: 1) jurisdiction over any party subject to the 
jurisdiction of the Exchange, including any Member, with respect to matters relating to business 
conduct, trading practices, sales practices, trading ethics and market manipulations or other actions 
that threaten the integrity of the market; 2) the authority, pursuant to Rule 402.C., to take emergency 
actions; 3) the authority, pursuant to Rule 413.B., to conduct hearings on denials of access pursuant 
to Rule 413.A., 4) the authority to conduct hearings, proceedings and appeals on all matters over which 
it has jurisdiction; and 5) the authority to make findings on Rule violations against any party subject to 
the jurisdiction of the Exchange, including any Member. 
The BCC shall act through a Panel (“BCC Panel”) comprised of a Hearing Panel Chair, two exchange 
members or employees of member firms and two non-members.  At least one of the exchange 
members or employees of member firms must be from the designated contract market where the case 
originated.  A quorum of a Panel shall consist of a majority of the panel, but must include at least the 
Hearing Panel Chair, one exchange member or employee of a member firm from the designated 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
contract market where the case originated and one non-member. 
Any Panel that conducts a hearing or proceeding shall consist of panelists who possess sufficiently 
diverse interests so as to ensure fairness. 
No Person shall serve on the BCC unless he has agreed in writing that he will not publish, divulge, or 
make known in any manner, any facts or information regarding the business of any Person or any other 
information which may come to his attention in his official capacity as a member of the BCC, except 
when reporting to the Board or to a committee concerned with such information or to the Legal 
Department or Market Regulation Department, when requested by the CFTC or other governmental 
agency or when compelled to testify in any judicial or administrative proceeding. 
All information, records, materials and documents provided to the BCC and all deliberations, testimony, 
information, records, materials and documents related thereto shall be treated as non-public and 
confidential and shall not be disclosed, except as necessary to further an Exchange investigation or as 
required by law.  
402.B. Sanctions 
If the Panel finds that a party, including a Member, has violated a Rule, the Panel may take one or 
more of the following actions: 
1. 
Order the party to cease and desist from the conduct found to be in violation of these Rules or 
from conduct which would violate the rules of any Designated Contract Market, Derivatives 
Clearing Organization, or Swap Execution Facility owned or controlled by CME Group, or the 
Commodity Exchange Act; 
2. 
Order a party to liquidate such portion of the open contracts in the party’s proprietary or customers’ 
accounts, or both, as the Panel deems appropriate to ensure the integrity of Exchange contracts 
or to ensure an orderly and liquid market; 
3. 
Order a party or its customer to deposit such additional performance bonds with the Clearing 
House as the Panel deems appropriate to protect the integrity of open contracts; 
4. 
Prescribe such additional capital or other financial requirements as it deems appropriate; 
5. 
Restrict the ability of the party to have a business affiliation with, be employed by or have a financial 
or beneficial interest in a Member or broker association; 
6. 
Restrict, suspend or terminate the party’s 1) access to the Trading Floor, 2) direct and/or indirect 
access to any Designated Contract Market, Derivatives Clearing Organization, or Swap Execution 
Facility owned or controlled by CME Group, or 3) right to supervise the entry of any orders by 
others into CFTC-regulated entities owned or controlled by CME Group; 
7. 
Restrict the party’s ability to trade, place, enter, accept or solicit orders in any or all products of 
any Designated Contract Market, Derivatives Clearing Organization, or Swap Execution Facility 
owned or controlled by CME Group; 
8. 
Suspend any or all of the Member’s privileges of membership as defined in Rule 121; 
9. 
Expel the Member from membership in any Designated Contract Market, Derivatives Clearing 
Organization, or Swap Execution Facility owned or controlled by CME Group; 
10. Impose a fine upon the party not to exceed $5,000,000 per violation; 
11. Order a party to disgorge any monetary benefit resulting from a violation of an Exchange Rule 
whether by that party or another party.  For purposes of this provision, benefit includes, without 
limitation, profit, whether realized or unrealized, and avoided losses; 
12. Prescribe limitations on positions of the party as may be appropriate, including issuing an order 
that no Clearing Member accept new positions on behalf of any such party; 
13. Impose advertising restrictions upon the Member pursuant to these Rules;  
14. Order a party to make restitution to the account of anyone damaged by the conduct, or to the 
Clearing Member who has previously made restitution to the account of such party; 
15. Order a party or its legal counsel or other representative to pay out of pocket expenses incurred 
by the exchange in connection with the matter if such party, counsel or representative engaged in 
vexatious, frivolous or bad faith conduct during the course of an investigation or enforcement 
proceeding; 
16. Revoke the regularity status of a regular firm; 
17. Order such action as is necessary to prevent a threat to the contract or violation of the Commodity 
Exchange Act or Exchange Rules; and/or 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
18. With the approval of the Market Regulation Department and the party, order any other sanction or 
undertaking to address or deter the underlying violative conduct pursuant to a supported offer of 
settlement. 
When determining whether to impose any of the sanctions listed above, the Panel may consider any 
factors determined by the Panel to be relevant in the context of a particular case, including any of the 
factors described in the “Sanctioning Guidance to Self-Regulatory Organizations” in the CFTC Policy 
Statement Relating to the Commission’s Authority to Impose Civil Money Penalties and Futures Self-
Regulatory Organizations’ Authority to Impose Sanctions: Penalty Guidelines (1994). 
402.C. Emergency Actions 
 
1. 
The BCC is authorized to determine whether an emergency exists and whether emergency action 
is warranted.  The following events and/or conditions may constitute emergencies: 
a. 
Any actual, attempted, or threatened market manipulation; 
b. 
Any actual, attempted, or threatened corner, squeeze, congestion, or undue concentration of 
positions; 
c. 
Any action taken or considered by the United States or any foreign government or any state 
or local government body, any other contract market, board of trade, or any other exchange 
or trade association (foreign or domestic), which may have an impact on trading on the 
Exchange; 
d. 
The actual or threatened bankruptcy or insolvency of any Member or the imposition of any 
injunction or other restraint by any government agency, self regulatory organization, court or 
arbitrator upon a Member which may affect the ability of that Member to perform on its 
contracts; 
e. 
Any circumstance in which it appears that a Member or any other Person or entity has failed 
to perform contracts or is in such financial or operational condition or is conducting business 
in such a manner that such Person or entity cannot be permitted to continue in business 
without jeopardizing the safety of customer funds, Members, or the Exchange; and/or 
f. 
Any other circumstance which may have a severe, adverse effect upon the functioning of the 
Exchange, except that declarations of Force Majeure and actions taken with respect to such 
declarations will be governed by the provisions of Rule 701. 
 
2. 
In the event that the BCC determines, in the good faith exercise of its sole discretion, that an 
emergency exists, it may take any of the following emergency actions or any other action that may 
be appropriate to respond to the emergency: 
a. 
Suspend, curtail or terminate trading in any or all contracts; 
b. 
Restrict, suspend or terminate a party’s 1) access to the Trading Floor, 2) direct and/or indirect 
access to any Designated Contract Market, Derivatives Clearing Organization, or Swap 
Execution Facility owned or controlled by CME Group, or 3) right to supervise the entry of any 
orders by others into CFTC-regulated entities owned or controlled by CME Group; 
c. 
Limit trading to liquidation of contracts only; 
d. 
Impose or modify position limits and/or order liquidation of all or a portion of a party’s account; 
e. 
Order liquidation or transfer of positions as to which the holder is unable or unwilling to make 
or take delivery; 
f. 
Confine trading to a specific price range; 
g. 
Modify price limits; 
h. 
Modify the trading days or hours; 
i. 
Modify conditions of delivery; 
j. 
Establish the settlement price at which contracts are to be liquidated;  
k. 
Require additional performance bond to be deposited with the Clearing House; and/or 
l. 
Order any other action or undertaking to address or relieve the emergency. 
3. 
All actions taken pursuant to subsections 1 and 2 above shall be by a majority vote of the Panel 
members present.  The Market Regulation Department shall give appropriate notice of such action.  
As soon as practicable, the Board and the CFTC shall be notified of the emergency action in 
accordance with CFTC regulations.  Nothing in this section shall in any way limit the authority of 
the Board, other committees, or other appropriate officials to act in an emergency situation as 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
defined by these Rules. 
 
403. 
CLEARING HOUSE RISK COMMITTEE 
403.A. Jurisdiction and General Provisions 
The Clearing House Risk Committee (or any subcommittee thereof) (collectively, “CHRC”), shall review 
each applicant’s qualifications for status as a Clearing Member and refer each such application for 
Clearing Membership along with the CHRC’s feedback to the Clearing House Oversight Committee for 
approval. The CHRC may adopt regulations regarding qualifications for admission to membership in the 
Clearing House, which regulations, when approved by the Board, shall have the same effect as Rules of 
the Exchange. The CHRC shall review any changes to the Clearing Membership requirements and new 
types of clearing membership and shall approve all substantive changes and recommend them to the 
Clearing House Oversight Committee for its approval. 
The CHRC shall have at least two co-chairmen, who shall be members of the Board, and at least seven 
additional individuals, five who shall be Clearing Member representatives and at least one who shall 
be a non-member. 
The CHRC may conduct investigations, issue charges and consider offers of settlement on its own 
initiative or by referral from Exchange staff, the Chief Regulatory Officer, or the BCC.  Hearings on 
charges issued by the CHRC will be conducted by the BCC pursuant to the provisions of Rule 408. 
If the CHRC determines that a Clearing Member is in a financial condition which jeopardizes or may 
jeopardize the integrity of the Exchange, the CHRC may, by majority vote: 
1. 
Order the Clearing Member or its customers to deposit such additional performance bond with the 
Clearing House as deemed appropriate to protect the integrity of open contracts; 
2. 
Prescribe such additional capital or other financial requirements as it deems appropriate;  
3. 
Impose position limits on Clearing Members based on their regulatory capital and such other 
criteria as it deems appropriate; 
4. 
Suspend a Clearing Member, subject to approval of any two of the following individuals: the Chief 
Executive Officer, the Global Head of Clearing & Post-Trade Services, Chairman of the Board, 
Chairman of the CHRC, or Chairman of the Clearing House Oversight Committee; 
5. 
Order the Clearing Member to cease and desist from the conduct found to be contrary to the best 
interests of the Exchange; and/or 
6. 
Any other circumstance which may have a severe, adverse effect upon the functioning of the 
Exchange, except that declarations of Force Majeure and actions taken with respect to such 
declarations will be governed by the provisions of Rule 701. 
No Person shall serve on the CHRC unless he has agreed in writing that he will not publish, divulge, 
or make known in any manner, any facts or information regarding the business of any Person or entity 
or any other information which may come to his attention in his official capacity as a member of the 
CHRC, except when reporting to the Board or to a committee concerned with such information or to 
the Legal Department, Financial and Regulatory Surveillance Department or Market Regulation 
Department, when requested by the CFTC or other governmental agency or when compelled to testify 
in any judicial or administrative proceeding.   
All information and documents provided to the CHRC and all deliberations and documents related 
thereto shall be treated as non-public and confidential and shall not be disclosed, except as necessary 
to further an Exchange investigation or as required by law. 
The CHRC shall have jurisdiction to enforce Rules pertaining to the following: 
1. 
Financial integrity of Clearing Members; and 
2. 
Business conduct of and compliance with Exchange Rules by Clearing Members and by any 
Member who is an officer or a principal or who has assigned his membership on behalf of a 
Clearing Member, in connection with such Clearing Member's activities, except insofar as 
jurisdiction over matters relating to conduct, trading practices, trading ethics and certain sales 
practices of Members, and market manipulations or other actions that threaten the integrity of the 
market are within the purview of the BCC. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the jurisdiction of the CHRC shall not extend to IRS 
Products or IRS Clearing Members in such capacity when clearing IRS Products. The IRS Risk 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Committee shall have jurisdiction over IRS Products and IRS Clearing Members in such capacity when 
clearing IRS Products pursuant to the IRS Risk Committee’s charter. 
403.B. Offers of Settlement 
A respondent that is the subject of an investigation or charges may submit for consideration by the 
CHRC a written offer of settlement in disposition of such investigation or charges.  A respondent may 
submit an offer of settlement without admitting or denying the Rule violations upon which the penalty 
is based; provided, however, that an offer must include a consent to entry of findings by the CHRC 
regarding the conduct and Rule violations at issue and to the penalty to be imposed. 
If the Financial and Regulatory Surveillance or Market Regulation Department does not oppose the 
respondent’s offer of settlement, the respondent’s written offer of settlement and the Financial and 
Regulatory Surveillance or Market Regulation Department’s supporting statement shall be submitted 
to the CHRC for consideration.   
If the Financial and Regulatory Surveillance or Market Regulation Department opposes an offer of 
settlement, the respondent’s written offer and the Financial and Regulatory Surveillance or Market 
Regulation Department’s written opposition shall be submitted to the CHRC.  The CHRC’s 
consideration of the offer of settlement shall be based upon the written offer and opposition filings, as 
well as the evidence presented to the CHRC in determining to issue the charges.  
The respondent may withdraw his offer at any time prior to final acceptance of the offer by the CHRC.  
If the CHRC accepts the offer, a written decision setting forth the CHRC’s findings and sanction shall 
be issued, and written notice of the decision shall be given to the respondent.   
If the CHRC rejects the offer, the respondent will be notified of the rejection and the offer will be deemed 
withdrawn.  If an offer is withdrawn or rejected by the CHRC, the respondent shall not be deemed to 
have made any admissions by reason of the offer and shall not otherwise be prejudiced by having 
submitted the offer.  The CHRC chairman may decline to convene the CHRC to consider an offer of 
settlement. 
In submitting an offer of settlement, the respondent waives his right to a hearing and to appeal the 
CHRC’s decision if the offer is accepted; the respondent also waives any claim of bias or prejudgment 
on the part of the CHRC.  If a respondent submits an offer within 14 days of a scheduled BCC hearing 
on the charges, or after the BCC hearing has begun, the offer shall not stay the BCC hearing unless 
otherwise determined by the BCC Hearing Panel Chair.  Any offer of settlement submitted within 14 
days of a scheduled BCC hearing will be directed to the BCC in the first instance.  The BCC may 
determine to accept or reject the offer of settlement, or the BCC may refer the offer of settlement to the 
CHRC, in which case the CHRC will determine whether to accept or reject the offer.  
403.C. Emergency Actions 
1. 
The CHRC is authorized to determine whether an emergency exists and whether emergency action 
is warranted.  The following events and/or conditions may constitute emergencies: 
a. 
Any circumstances which may materially affect the performance of contracts traded on the 
Exchange, including failure of the payment system; 
b. 
Any action taken by the United States or any foreign government or any state or local 
government body, any other contract market, board of trade, or any other exchange or trade 
association (foreign or domestic), which may have a direct impact on trading on the Exchange; 
c. 
The actual or threatened bankruptcy or insolvency of any Member or the imposition of any 
injunction or other restraint by any government agency, court or arbitrator upon a Member of 
the Exchange which may affect the ability of that Member to perform on its contracts; 
d. 
Any circumstance in which it appears that a Member or any other Person or entity has failed 
to perform contracts, is insolvent, or is in such financial or operational condition or is 
conducting business in such a manner that such Person or entity cannot be permitted to 
continue in business without jeopardizing the safety of customer funds, Members, and/or the 
Exchange; and/or 
e. 
Any other circumstance which may have a severe, adverse effect upon the functioning of the 
Exchange, except that declarations of Force Majeure and actions taken with respect to such 
declarations will be governed by the provisions of Rule 701. 
2. 
In the event that the CHRC determines, in the good faith exercise of its sole discretion, that an 
emergency exists, it may take any of the following emergency actions or any other action that may 
be appropriate to respond to the emergency: 
a. 
Order the Clearing Member or its customer to deposit such additional performance bond with 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
the Clearing House as deemed appropriate to protect the integrity of open contracts; 
b. 
Prescribe such additional capital requirements as it deems appropriate; 
c. 
Prescribe such position limitations as it deems appropriate; 
d. 
Order special or advance performance bond or funds to be deposited with the Clearing House 
from Members or from longs, shorts or both;  
e. 
Order such performance bond changes as it deems appropriate; and/or 
 
f. 
Order any other action or undertaking to address or relieve the emergency. 
All actions taken pursuant to this subsection shall be by majority vote of the committee members 
present.  A Member affected by the action taken shall be notified in writing of such action.  As soon as 
practicable, the Board and the CFTC shall be promptly notified of the emergency action in accordance 
with CFTC regulations.  Nothing in this section shall in any way limit the authority of the Board, other 
committees, or other appropriate officials to act in an emergency situation as defined by these Rules. 
403.D. Appeal of Administrative Fines 
Appeals of administrative fines in excess of $25,000, imposed pursuant to Rule 852, shall be heard by 
a panel comprised of a co-chairman and three members of the CHRC.  The panel’s decision shall be 
final.  The appellant shall be advised of its right to appear at the hearing and of its right to be 
represented, at its own cost, by legal counsel or a member of the Exchange, other than a member of 
any Exchange disciplinary committee, a member of the Board or an employee of CME Group.  The 
appellant may present evidence in support of its appeal.  The panel shall not set aside, modify or 
amend the decision appealed from unless the panel determines by a majority vote that the decision 
was: 
1. 
Arbitrary, capricious, or an abuse of Exchange staff’s discretion; 
2. 
In excess of Exchange staff’s authority or jurisdiction; or 
3. 
Based on a clearly erroneous application or interpretation of Exchange Rules. 
 
404. 
PIT COMMITTEE 
The Pit Committee shall have the authority to: 1) participate in the determination of opening and closing 
ranges in accordance with Rule 546; 2) oversee and enforce changes in prices in accordance with Rule 
528 and the Quotation Change Procedures set forth in the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of 
Chapter 5; 3) resolve pit space disputes; 4) remove unauthorized Persons from the pit; and 5) resolve, 
by immediate action, all grievances arising from price infractions pursuant to Rule 514 during pit 
trading. 
A Pit Committee member shall not exercise his authority if he or any Person, firm, or broker association 
with which he is affiliated has a personal, financial, or other direct interest in the matter under 
consideration.  A Pit Committee member shall be deemed to have a financial interest if the decision is 
likely to have an immediate financial impact on a transaction for his account or an account in which he 
has an interest or if the decision is likely to impact on liability for filling an order for which he or a Person 
with whom he has a financial or business relationship was responsible. 
 
405. 
FLOOR CONDUCT COMMITTEE 
The Floor Conduct Committee shall be responsible for resolving pit space disputes that are not resolved 
by the Pit Committee.  The committee shall conduct summary proceedings for alleged violations of 
Rule 514.  Floor Conduct Committee members shall participate in the resolution of quotation change 
requests pursuant to the Quotation Change Procedures set forth in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5.  The Floor Conduct Committee shall have jurisdiction to conduct 
summary proceedings for violations of, and assess penalties in accordance with, Exchange Rules.  The 
procedures contained in Rule 409 shall govern summary proceedings. 
 
406. 
ISSUANCE OF CHARGES 
The Chief Regulatory Officer shall receive and review investigation reports from the Market Regulation 
Department when the Market Regulation Department has reasonable cause to believe a violation of an 
Exchange Rule has occurred.   


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
The Market Regulation Department is not required to provide a respondent notice of its intent to 
request the Chief Regulatory Officer to issue charges. 
No party or subject of an investigation shall have the right to appear before the Chief Regulatory 
Officer or make any written submission on his behalf. 
The Chief Regulatory Officer shall take one of the following actions: 
A. If the Chief Regulatory Officer determines that a reasonable basis exists for finding that a violation 
of an Exchange Rule may have occurred which warrants disciplinary action, he shall issue 
appropriate charges. 
B. If the Chief Regulatory Officer determines that no reasonable basis exists for finding that a 
violation of an Exchange Rule may have occurred, he shall direct that no further action be taken. 
C. Direct that the Market Regulation Department investigate the matter further. 
The Chief Regulatory Officer shall direct the Market Regulation Department to give notice of the 
charges to the respondent in accordance with Rule 407.B.  
All information, records, materials and documents provided to the Chief Regulatory Officer and all 
information, records, materials and documents related thereto shall be treated as non-public and 
confidential and shall not be disclosed, except as necessary to further an Exchange investigation or 
as required by law. 
407. 
INVESTIGATION, CHARGING MEMORANDUM AND NOTICE OF CHARGES 
The Market Regulation Department shall investigate potential or alleged Rule violations.  Investigations 
and all information and documents obtained during the course of an investigation shall be treated as 
non-public and confidential and shall not be disclosed by any party, except as necessary to further an 
Exchange investigation or as required by law.  The Market Regulation Department is authorized to take 
recorded interviews pursuant to an Exchange investigation.  Parties and witnesses being interviewed 
shall have the right to representation, at their own cost, by legal counsel or anyone other than a member 
of any Exchange disciplinary committee, a member of the Board, an employee of CME Group or a 
Person related to the investigation.  The failure to appear at a scheduled interview or to answer all of 
the questions posed during that interview may, in the discretion of the BCC Panel Chair, result in the 
Person being prohibited from testifying in a subsequent hearing on the matter. 
Upon conclusion of an investigation, the Market Regulation Department may issue a warning letter to 
any party as a result of the investigation.  Such letter shall not constitute either the finding of a Rule 
violation or a penalty. 
407.A. Investigation File 
The Market Regulation Department shall maintain a file once an investigation is initiated.  The file shall 
include any materials in the possession of the Market Regulation Department that are relevant to the 
conduct being investigated.   
407.B. Notice of Charges; Opportunity for Hearing 
Where the Chief Regulatory Officer has issued charges for an alleged Rule violation, the Market 
Regulation Department shall issue a charging memorandum to the respondent with a brief statement 
of factual allegations that identifies the charged Rule violation(s).  In addition, the Market Regulation 
Department will send a notice of charges to the respondent.  The notice of charges shall set forth the 
Rule(s) alleged to have been violated, and shall advise the respondent regarding the submission of a 
responsive answer to each charge in accordance with Rule 407.C.  Further, the notice of charges shall 
advise the respondent that the matter will be heard by a BCC Panel and of the time and place for the 
hearing, if known.  The respondent shall also be advised of his right to appear personally at the hearing 
and of his right to be represented, at his own cost, by legal counsel or a member of the Exchange, 
other than a member of any exchange disciplinary committee, a member of the Board, an employee of 
CME Group or a Person related to the investigation.   
A respondent may waive his right to a hearing at any time after receipt of the notice of charges.  A 
respondent who elects to waive his right to a hearing on the charges will be notified of the date on 
which the BCC Panel will render its decision.  Upon a finding of guilt on any charge, the BCC Panel 
will promptly determine what penalties, if any, are to be imposed and their effective date.  A respondent 
who has waived his right to a hearing and/or admitted the charges against him will be advised of his 
right to participate in the hearing solely with respect to the penalty.  
407.C. Answer to Charges 
The respondent shall have 21 days after notice to submit a written answer to the charges.  The Market 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Regulation Department and the respondent may agree in writing to an extension of the period of time 
to submit an answer to such charges.  Absent such agreement, upon a showing of good cause, the 
BCC Hearing Panel Chair may extend the period of time in which the respondent is required to submit 
his answer.  The answer must state that the respondent admits, denies, or lacks sufficient knowledge 
to admit or deny each charge.  A statement of lack of sufficient knowledge shall be deemed a denial.   
If a respondent fails to answer the charges in accordance with this Rule, the Market Regulation 
Department may seek a default finding and sanctions in accordance with Rule 408.F. 
407.D. Amendment to Charging Memorandum; Non-Prosecution of Charges 
The issuance of charges shall not prevent the Market Regulation Department from continuing to 
investigate the activity underlying the charges or investigating other potential violations by the 
respondent.  The Market Regulation Department reserves the right to modify the charging 
memorandum. Notwithstanding the prior sentence, no charges may be added to the charging 
memorandum absent the consent of the Chief Regulatory Officer.  The Respondent shall have 21 days 
from notice of an amended charging memorandum to file an answer to any new or modified charges in 
the amended memorandum. 
The Market Regulation Department may, in its sole discretion, decline to prosecute any one or more of 
the charges previously issued by the Chief Regulatory Officer.  If the Market Regulation Department 
declines to prosecute any previously issued charge after the Respondent has received a Notice of 
Charges, the Market Regulation Department shall provide notice to the Respondent of such decision. 
Further the Market Regulation Department may, in its sole discretion, resolve a previously issued 
charge through issuance of a letter of warning. 
 
408. 
CONDUCT OF HEARINGS 
408.A. General 
All disciplinary proceedings conducted before a panel of the BCC or before a hearing panel of the 
Board of Directors (collectively, “Panel”) shall be conducted in accordance with the following 
procedures. 
Hearings shall be fair.  The respondent shall have the right to appear personally at the hearing and to 
be represented at his own cost by legal counsel or anyone other than a member of any exchange 
disciplinary committee, a member of the Board, an employee of CME Group or a Person related to the 
investigation.  The Panel or the Hearing Panel Chair shall have the power to compel any party subject 
to its jurisdiction, including any Member, to attend, testify and/or produce evidence in connection with 
the hearing. 
408.B. Pre-Hearing 
1. 
Procedural Matters 
Prior to the hearing, but subsequent to the timely filing of an answer, a party charged with a 
violation of an Exchange rule may examine all evidence in the investigation file that is relevant to 
the violation(s) charged and all evidence which is to be relied upon by the Market Regulation 
Department during the hearing.  However, the respondent shall not be entitled to examine 
protected attorney work product, attorney-client communications or investigative work product, 
including, but not limited to, the investigation report and any exception reports.  The respondent 
may obtain a copy of all such evidence, and any copying costs shall be the sole responsibility of 
the respondent.  The Market Regulation Department is not required to produce or obtain any 
documents that are not in its possession.  A respondent who seeks documents that are not in the 
possession of the Market Regulation Department may request the documents from the custodian 
of such documents.  Upon a showing of good cause, the respondent may petition the Hearing 
Panel Chair, in writing, for an order compelling the production of documents by a custodian, 
provided that the custodian is subject to the jurisdiction of the Exchange, the custodian has 
refused voluntarily to provide the documents and the documents are relevant to the charges.  The 
Market Regulation Department or the custodian may object, in whole or in part, to any such 
petition. 
2. 
Appointment of a Panel for a Contested Hearing 
The Market Regulation Department shall, in writing, notify the respondent of the names of the 
individuals originally appointed to the Panel for a contested hearing at least 28 days in advance 
of the originally scheduled hearing date.   Within seven days of such notice, parties to the hearing 
may request the Hearing Panel Chair to strike any panelist for good cause shown.  The Hearing 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Panel Chair may then excuse such panelist and direct that an alternate panelist be appointed. In 
the sole discretion of the Panel Chair, the hearing may be conducted with less than a full Panel 
provided a quorum exists. 
In the event any panelist is added, the Market Regulation Department shall provide all parties 
reasonable notice regarding the new panelist.  The addition of a new panelist will not delay the 
scheduled hearing date unless the panelist is added less than five days in advance of the 
scheduled hearing and a party can demonstrate good cause for the requested delay. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, any party to a contested hearing may, following the filing of an 
answer to the charges, request the appointment of a Hearing Panel Chair prior to the time period 
set forth above for the purpose of resolving pre-trial disputes. The matters that may be raised 
before the Hearing Panel Chair include, without limitation: 
a. scope and timing of fact discovery; 
b. scope and timing of expert discovery; 
c. allocation of discovery costs; 
d. use and disclosure of demonstratives; 
e. requests to alter timing requirements set forth in these Rules; or 
f. scheduling of the contested hearing 
The Hearing Panel Chair may hold a pre-trial conference to address these issues or may, in his 
discretion, resolve them on written submissions by the parties. 
The Hearing Panel Chair shall have the authority to issue non-monetary sanctions against any 
party or legal counsel or other representative who fails to comply with an order of the Chair or who 
engages in vexatious, frivolous or bad faith conduct.  Such sanctions may include drawing adverse 
inferences or excluding legal argument, evidence or other submissions. Sanctions may not include 
entry of a default judgment. The Hearing Panel Chair must allow both parties to make written 
submissions on the issue prior to imposing any sanction. 
3. 
Submission of Documents and Identification of Witnesses  
At least 28 days in advance of a contested hearing, the respondent shall submit to the Market 
Regulation Department, and the Market Regulation Department shall submit to the respondent, 
copies of all books, documents, records and other tangible evidence, which each plans to rely on 
or refer to during its direct case at the hearing, and provide a list of the names and titles of 
witnesses that each plans to call on its direct case at the hearing.  The Panel may refuse to 
consider any books, records, documents or other tangible evidence which was not made available 
to, or witnesses whose names and titles were not submitted to, the other party pursuant to this 
section. 
To the extent Market Regulation or the respondent intends to call any expert witness at the hearing 
then such party shall provide to the other, 28 days prior to the date of the hearing, a summary of 
the expert’s opinions to be offered at the hearing and the basis and/or methodology underlying 
such opinions.  In addition, the expert’s credentials (e.g., a curriculum vitae) and all documents or 
other materials on which the expert relied in forming his opinions shall be produced to the other 
party at the same time.  For purposes of this provision, staff in the Market Regulation Department 
or other CME Group employee shall not be considered experts. The Panel may decline to consider 
any expert testimony beyond the scope of the submitted summary. 
4. 
Additional Discovery 
Absent an order of the Hearing Panel Chair or consent of the parties, no discovery beyond that 
set forth in Rules 407 and 408 shall be permitted. 
5. 
Motions 
The Hearing Panel Chair shall have the authority to decide all procedural and evidentiary matters 
and all pre-hearing motions, and the Hearing Panel Chair’s decision shall be final.  
Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, no motions to dismiss any or all of the charges or any 
other dispositive motion may be filed. 
Any pre-hearing motion must be submitted in writing to the parties and BCC’s counsel at least 21 
days in advance of the scheduled hearing.  The opposing party shall submit a response, if any, 
within 7 days of receipt of any pre-hearing motion. No reply papers are permitted. The Hearing 
Panel Chair, in his sole discretion, may hold oral argument on any motion or may decide any 
motion on the written submissions of the parties. 
408.C. Offers of Settlement 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
A respondent that is the subject of an investigation which has been referred to the Market Regulation 
Department Enforcement Group for prosecution may submit for consideration by the Panel a written 
offer of settlement in disposition of such matter. Such submission may be made at any time prior to 
the Panel commencing deliberations at a contested hearing of the case.  No offer of settlement may 
be submitted by a respondent to the Panel unless the Market Regulation Department supports the 
offer. 
A respondent may submit an offer of settlement without admitting or denying the Rule violations or 
factual findings upon which the penalty is based; provided, however, that an offer must include a 
consent to entry of findings by the Panel regarding the conduct and Rule violations at issue, to the 
penalty to be imposed and to the effective date of the penalty. 
The respondent’s written offer of settlement and the Market Regulation Department’s supporting 
statement shall be submitted to the Panel for consideration. 
The Market Regulation Department shall, in writing, notify the respondent of the names of the 
individuals originally appointed to the Panel to consider respondent’s settlement offer at least seven 
days in advance of the originally scheduled hearing date.   Parties to the hearing may request the 
Hearing Panel Chair to strike any panelist for good cause shown.  The Hearing Panel Chair may then 
excuse such panelist and direct that an alternate panelist be appointed. In the sole discretion of the 
Panel Chair, the hearing may be conducted with less than a full Panel provided a quorum exists. 
In the event any panelist is added, the Market Regulation Department shall provide all parties 
reasonable notice regarding the new panelist.  The addition of a new panelist will not delay the 
scheduled hearing date unless the panelist is added less than five days in advance of the scheduled 
hearing and a party can demonstrate good cause for the requested delay. 
A respondent may withdraw an offer of settlement at any time prior to the start of the hearing on the 
proposed settlement before the Panel.  If the Panel accepts the offer, a written decision setting forth 
the Panel’s findings and sanction shall be issued, and written notice of the decision shall be given to 
the respondent. If the offer of settlement is accepted, the BCC’s decision shall be final on the date it 
is signed by the Hearing Panel Chair and, unless otherwise ordered by the Panel, it shall become 
effective two business days after it becomes final. 
If the Panel rejects an offer of settlement, the respondent will be notified of the rejection and it will be 
deemed withdrawn.  If an offer is withdrawn or rejected by the Panel, the respondent shall not be 
deemed to have made any admissions by reason of the offer and shall not otherwise be prejudiced by 
having submitted the offer. No statements made or documents exchanged by the parties solely in the 
context of a withdrawn or rejected offer of settlement or during any settlement negotiations shall be 
admissible in any contested hearing. 
Any subsequent offers of settlement shall be heard by the same Panel; however, alternate panelists 
may be appointed in the event of scheduling conflicts. Any contested hearing following an offer of 
settlement not accepted by the Panel will be heard by a new Panel. 
In submitting an offer of settlement, the respondent waives his right to a contested hearing and to 
appeal the Panel’s decision if the offer is accepted; the respondent also waives any claim of bias or 
prejudgment on the part of the Panel. 
408.D. Contested Hearings 
The Market Regulation Department shall be a party to the contested hearing and shall present 
evidence in support of the charged Rule violation(s).  The Market Regulation Department and the 
members of the Panel may question any witness and examine all the evidence stipulated to or 
presented at the hearing.  The respondent shall be entitled to appear personally, testify, produce 
evidence, call witnesses on his behalf and cross-examine any witness.  The Hearing Panel Chair may 
exclude any witness, other than a party or other essential Person, during the opening statements or 
during the testimony of any other witness. 
The Market Regulation Department bears the burden of establishing the basis for a finding of guilt on 
any charge by a preponderance of the evidence.  Formal rules of evidence shall not apply. The parties 
may offer such evidence as is relevant to the charges at issue. The Hearing Panel Chair shall 
determine the admissibility of evidence offered and may exclude evidence that he deems irrelevant or 
cumulative. The Hearing Panel Chair has the discretion to vary the structure and presentation of 
evidence to make the hearing as efficient as possible. The parties may submit stipulated facts in order 
to make the hearing more efficient. 
The hearing may proceed in the absence of a respondent who, after due notice, fails to appear.  
However, the failure to appear is not a default if the respondent has filed a written answer denying the 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
charges issued. Accordingly, Market Regulation still bears the burden of proof and must present 
evidence to meet that burden.  
All testimony and documents produced in connection with a disciplinary hearing shall be deemed non- 
public and confidential and shall not be disclosed except in connection with proceedings resulting from 
that hearing or as required by law.  A recording or other substantially verbatim record of the hearing 
shall be made by Market Regulation or a court reporter hired by Market Regulation and become part 
of the record of the proceeding.  If a respondent requests a transcript, he shall be solely responsible 
for the cost of producing the transcript. No other means of recording the proceedings will be permitted 
absent written agreement of the parties or pursuant to an order of the Hearing Panel Chair.  
A majority vote of the Panel is required for a finding of guilt.  A respondent that is found not guilty shall 
not again be charged with or tried for the same underlying conduct.  In the event of a finding of guilt, 
the Panel, in a separate sanctioning phase, must allow both parties to present arguments and 
information regarding the appropriate nature and amount of a sanction prior to determining such 
sanction.  In the absence of exceptional circumstances, as determined by the Hearing Panel Chair, 
the sanctioning phase shall proceed immediately upon the conclusion of the evidence and 
determination of the committee. 
The BCC’s decision shall be final on the date it is signed by the Hearing Panel Chair.   The BCC’s 
decision shall become the final decision of the Exchange after the appeal period has lapsed. 
408.E. Decisions 
Promptly following a hearing, BCC Panel shall issue to the Market Regulation Department and to 
respondent a written decision of the Panel’s findings, which shall include: the notice of charges (or a 
summary thereof); the answer to the charges, if any (or a summary thereof); a brief summary of the 
evidence produced at the hearing; a statement of findings and reasoned conclusions with respect to 
each charge, including the specific Rules which the respondent is found to have violated; a declaration 
of any penalty imposed and the effective date of such penalty; and the availability, if any, of an appeal 
of the decision within the Exchange or to the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. 
408.F. 
Default Proceedings 
If a respondent fails to submit a written answer to the charges pursuant to Rule 407.C., or answers but 
fails to deny the charges, Market Regulation may serve the respondent with a motion for default and a 
request for sanctions. The motion for default shall request that a BCC Panel Chair find that the respondent 
is deemed to have admitted the charges, and the request for sanctions shall request that a BCC Panel 
impose sanctions on the admitted charges.  A copy of the motion for default and request for sanctions 
shall also be filed with the CME Group Legal Department, which serves as counsel to the BCC Panel.   
The Respondent shall have 21 days from notice to respond to the motion for default and request for 
sanctions. Thereafter, the respondent will be provided at least seven days’ notice of the date of a hearing 
to consider the motion for default and request for sanctions. The respondent shall have the right to be 
represented at the hearing at his own cost by legal counsel or anyone other than a member of a 
disciplinary committee, a member of the Board, or a Person related to the investigation. 
At the hearing, based on the written filings of the parties, except where the BCC Panel Chair determines 
that oral argument is necessary, the BCC Panel Chair will first decide if the respondent has failed to 
answer the charges in accordance with Rule 407.C., and, if so, the respondent shall be deemed to have 
admitted the charges. If the BCC Panel Chair finds that the respondent has admitted the charges, the 
respondent will be deemed to have waived his right to a hearing on the merits of the charges, the BCC 
Panel shall find that the violations alleged in the charging memorandum have been committed, and the 
BCC Panel will then determine the sanctions, if any, to be imposed, after permitting both parties to present 
arguments and information regarding the appropriate nature and amount of any such sanctions.  
If an answer contains both an admission to one or more charges and a denial of one or more charges, 
the BCC Panel will consider the penalties which may be imposed for the admitted charges at the same 
time that the charges denied by the respondent are considered. 
If the BCC Panel Chair does not find that the respondent has failed to answer the charges, no further 
action on the charges will occur at the hearing.  
Decisions on the Motion for Default and the sanctions imposed shall be issued in accordance with Rule 
408.E. 
 
409. 
SUMMARY PROCEEDINGS BEFORE THE FLOOR CONDUCT COMMITTEE 
409.A. Jurisdiction 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
A member of the Floor Conduct Committee or a designated representative of the Market Regulation 
Department shall have the authority to issue charges against an individual with respect to trading 
infractions as set forth in Rule 514.  A panel of the Floor Conduct Committee shall have authority to 
conduct summary proceedings with respect to charges under Rule 514.    
Charges against an individual shall be issued by filing the appropriate forms with the Market Regulation 
Department.  The Market Regulation Department will then serve the respondent with a copy of the 
charges. 
409.B. Selection of the Panel  
For proceedings before the Floor Conduct Committee, the Chief Regulatory Officer or his designee, in 
consultation with a Floor Conduct Committee Co-Chairman, shall select a panel consisting of three 
additional members of the Floor Conduct Committee, which may include other Co-Chairmen of the 
committee.  The Chief Regulatory Officer shall endeavor to rotate the members serving on the panels. 
No panelist may serve on the particular panel if he or any Person, firm, or broker association with which 
he is affiliated has a personal, financial, or other direct interest in the matter under consideration. 
409.C. Conduct of Summary Proceedings 
A summary proceeding before the Floor Conduct Committee shall be conducted in a fair and impartial 
manner. 
A summary proceeding before the Floor Conduct Committee shall take place as soon as practicable 
after the issuance of charges.  The proceeding will not be recorded.  The respondent shall be entitled 
to appear personally and answer the charges issued.  Respondents and witnesses may not be 
represented by counsel at a summary proceeding.  However, an employee without membership 
privileges who is a respondent may be represented by a single representative of his employer.  A panel 
shall decide by a majority vote whether the individual is guilty of the violation or offense charged.  If the 
accused individual is found guilty, a panel may impose fines in accordance with Exchange Rules.  A 
witness who fails to appear at a summary proceeding after being directed to do so by the Chairman of 
the panel or by staff may be charged with a violation of Rule 432.   
If a panel of the Floor Conduct Committee, by a majority vote, decides that the matter is of major 
importance or might warrant a penalty in excess of its own authority, the Chairman of the Panel shall 
refer the matter to the Chief Regulatory Officer and shall inform the individual of this referral in writing. 
409.D. Appeals 
An individual found guilty of an offense who receives a fine greater than $5,000 may, within 10 days of 
the decision, file a written appeal of the decision with the Market Regulation Department.  A written 
appeal that fails to specify the grounds for the appeal and the specific error or impropriety of the original 
decision shall be dismissed by the Chief Regulatory Officer.  The Hearing Panel Chair may also allow 
the parties to file briefs in support of or in opposition to an appeal.  The appeal shall be heard by a 
Panel of the BCC (“BCC Panel”) whose decision shall be the final decision of the Exchange and not 
subject to appeal pursuant to Rule 411.  The appellant shall be entitled to be represented by counsel, 
appear personally before the BCC Panel and present evidence that he may have in support of his 
appeal.  The BCC Panel shall not set aside, modify or amend the appealed decision unless it 
determines, by majority vote, that the decision was: 
1. 
Arbitrary, capricious, or an abuse of the committee’s discretion; 
2. 
In excess of the committee’s authority or jurisdiction; or 
3. 
Based on a clearly erroneous application or interpretation of Exchange Rules. 
 
410. 
[RESERVED] 
 
411. 
APPEAL TO A HEARING PANEL OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
The Market Regulation Department may appeal to a hearing panel of the Board (“Appellate Panel”) 
regarding a final decision of or sanction imposed by the BCC by filing a written notice of appeal with 
the Exchange Legal Department within 10 business days after receiving notice of such decision or 
sanction. A copy of such notice of appeal shall be provided to the Respondent at the time it is filed 
with the Legal Department. Filing of a notice of appeal by the Market Regulation Department shall stay 
any decision that is appealed unless the Chairman of the Board or the BCC Hearing Panel Chair from 
which the appeal is taken specifically directs that the decision is not stayed pending appeal. 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
A Member found guilty of an offense or otherwise aggrieved by a final decision of the BCC, may appeal 
to an Appellate Panel provided that the decision assesses a monetary sanction (including a fine, 
disgorgement or restitution) greater than $25,000 and/or an access denial or suspension of any 
membership privileges for greater than ten business days against the Member. The notice shall be 
filed in writing with the Exchange’s Legal Department within 10 business days after Notice of any such 
decision. A copy of such notice shall be provided to the Market Regulation Department at the time it 
is filed with the Legal Department. Filing of a notice of appeal by a Member shall stay the decision 
appealed unless the Market Regulation Department objects to such a stay and the Chairman of the 
Board or the BCC Hearing Panel Chair from which the appeal is taken specifically directs that the 
decision is not stayed pending appeal. 
A notice of appeal must specify the grounds for the appeal and the specific error(s) or impropriety of 
the original decision. Upon receiving the notice of appeal the parties, in conjunction with the Exchange 
Legal Department shall determine a briefing schedule for the appeal.  If agreement on the schedule 
cannot be reached the Appellate Panel Chair shall set the schedule. The Appellate Panel Chair shall 
determine, in his sole discretion, whether to hold oral argument on the appeal or whether to decide 
the appeal on the papers submitted by the parties 
The appellate hearing shall be limited to the record from the appealed proceeding.  The Appellate 
Panel shall not entertain any new evidence or new legal theory not raised in the prior proceeding 
except upon a clear showing by the appellant that such new evidence or new legal theory did not exist 
or was not ascertainable by due diligence at the time of the proceeding, and that there was insufficient 
time within the intervening period prior to the hearing of the Appellate Panel for the appellant to bring 
such new evidence or legal theory to the attention of the BCC.   
No member of the Board may serve on a particular Appellate Panel if he participated on the BCC 
Panel that issued the decision, or if he has a personal, financial, or other direct interest in the matter 
under consideration or is a member of the same broker association as the respondent or potential 
respondent. 
The Chairman of the Board shall appoint a director to serve as the Appellate Panel chairman, who 
shall conduct the hearing, and two additional directors to serve on the Appellate Panel.  One of these 
directors shall be a non-member.  Any party to the appeal may request the Chairman of the Board to 
strike any director for good cause shown.  The Chairman of the Board may then excuse such director 
and shall then select an alternate director from the Board.  An Appellate Panel shall consist of directors 
that possess sufficiently diverse interests so as to ensure fairness. 
The Appellate Panel shall not set aside, modify or amend the appealed decision unless it determines, 
by a majority vote that the decision was: 
A. Arbitrary, capricious, or an abuse of the committee’s discretion; 
B. In excess of the committee’s authority or jurisdiction; or 
C. Based on a clearly erroneous application or interpretation of Exchange Rules. 
In the case of an appeal of a disciplinary decision, the Appellate Panel shall promptly issue a written 
decision which shall include a statement of findings with respect to the decision from which the appeal 
was taken and the Appellate Panel’s determination that such initial decision is affirmed, set aside, 
modified or amended in whole or in part and, with respect to any initial decision that is not affirmed in 
whole, the Appellate Panel’s determination of the order or penalty to be imposed, if any.  The decision 
of the Appellate Panel shall be deemed a decision of the Board and shall be a final decision of the 
Exchange. If a disciplinary sanction results from the decision of the Appellate Panel, the party against 
whom such sanction was imposed shall be notified of its potential ability to appeal to the Commodity 
Futures Trading Commission. 
This Rule shall not apply to appeals of Arbitration Committee decisions, which shall be governed by 
the Rules contained in Chapter 6. 
 
412. 
SUMMARY ACTIONS 
In cases of action taken against a Member pursuant to Rules 976 or 977, the Member affected shall 
be notified in writing of such action.  The notice shall state: the action taken; the reason for the action; 
and the effective time, date and duration thereof. 
The Member may, within two business days following receipt of notice of action taken, request a 
hearing before a hearing panel of the Board (“Panel”).  The hearing shall be conducted within 60 days 
of such request, in accordance with the requirements of Rule 408, unless the Hearing Panel Chair 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
determines that good cause for an extension has been shown, but shall not stay any action taken 
pursuant to Rules 976 or 977. 
Following the hearing, if any, the Panel shall cause to be prepared a written decision containing: a 
description of the summary action; the reasons for such action; a description of the evidence produced 
at the hearing; findings and conclusions; a determination that the summary action should be affirmed, 
set aside, modified or amended and the reasons therefor; and the effective date and duration, if any, 
of subsequent or continuing actions.  The Panel shall not set aside, modify or amend the summary 
action taken against a Member unless it determines, by a majority vote, that the summary action taken 
was: 
A. Arbitrary, capricious, or an abuse of the committee’s discretion; or 
B. In excess of the committee’s authority or jurisdiction. 
 
413. 
SUMMARY ACCESS DENIAL ACTIONS 
413.A. Authority to Deny Access 
The Chief Regulatory Officer or his delegate, upon a good faith determination that there are substantial 
reasons to believe that such immediate action is necessary to protect the best interests of the 
Exchange, may order that any party be denied access to any or all CME Group markets or any Member 
be immediately removed from any trading floor or facility owned or controlled by CME Group. 
413.B. Notice 
Promptly after an action is taken pursuant to Rule 413.A., the party shall be informed of the action 
taken, the reasons for the action, and the effective date, time and the duration of the action taken.  The 
party shall be advised of his right to a hearing before a panel of the BCC (“Panel”) by filing notice of 
intent with the Market Regulation Department within 10 business days of receiving notice of the action 
taken. 
413.C. Hearing 
Parties shall have the right to representation, at their own cost, by legal counsel or anyone other than 
a member of any Exchange disciplinary committee, a member of the Board, an employee of CME 
Group or a Person related to the investigation.  The Panel shall conduct a de novo hearing solely on 
the issue of the denial of access in accordance with the procedures in Rule 408.A.  Filing of a notice 
of intent pursuant to Rule 413.B. shall not stay the Chief Regulatory Officer’s decision to deny access.   
413.D. Duration of Access Denial 
Any decision to deny access pursuant to Rule 413.A. or Rule 413.C. shall not remain in effect for more 
than 60 days unless the Chief Regulatory Officer or his delegate, upon further consideration of the 
circumstances that resulted in a prior access denial action, provides written Notice to the party that his 
access will be denied for an additional period of time not to exceed 60 days and the Notice comports 
with the provisions of Rule 413.B.  Any subsequent extension of the access denial pursuant to this 
Rule must be mutually agreed to by the party and the Chief Regulatory Officer or his delegate.  In the 
absence of such mutual agreement, the Market Regulation Department may petition the BCC to take 
emergency action pursuant to Rule 402.C.  At any time, a Member may petition the BCC to reconsider 
an access denial pursuant to this Rule based upon materially changed circumstances. 
 
414. 
INVESTIGATIONS BY OTHER SELF-REGULATORY ORGANIZATIONS 
If a self-regulatory organization that is a party to an information sharing agreement with the Exchange 
requests assistance in connection with an investigation, the Chief Regulatory Officer may direct a party 
subject to the jurisdiction of the Exchange pursuant to Rule 418 to submit to an examination by the 
requesting self-regulatory organization and to produce information pertinent to that investigation.  The 
request for assistance shall describe the investigation, explain why Exchange assistance is necessary 
and describe the scope of assistance sought.  An order directing a party subject to the jurisdiction of 
the Exchange to submit to an examination shall be issued unless the Chief Regulatory Officer 
determines that such order would not be in the best interests of the Exchange.  An examination 
pursuant to such order shall be conducted according to Exchange Rules and shall be conducted on 
Exchange premises under the direction of Exchange staff.  At the discretion of the Chief Regulatory 
Officer, representatives of the requesting self-regulatory organization may observe and participate in 
the examination.  Failure to comply with an order issued under this Rule shall be an offense against 
the Exchange. 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
415. 
INFORMATION-SHARING AGREEMENTS 
The Chief Executive Officer or his delegate is authorized to provide information: 
A. to an exchange, clearing organization, domestic or foreign regulatory agency or member of the 
Intermarket Surveillance Group (“ISG”) that is a party to an information sharing agreement with 
the Exchange, in accordance with the terms and conditions of such agreement; or  
B. as directed by the Commission pursuant to CFTC Regulation 38.159. 
 
416. 
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
416.A. Abstention Requirements 
A member of a charging, adjudicating, or appeal committee or panel must abstain from participating in 
any matter where such member: 
1. 
Is a witness, potential witness, or a party; 
2. 
Is an employer, employee, or co-worker of a witness, potential witness, or a party; 
3. 
Is associated with a witness, potential witness, or a party through a broker association as defined 
in Exchange Rules; 
4. 
Has any significant personal or business relationship with a witness, potential witness, or a party, 
not including relationships limited to (a) executing futures or options transactions opposite each 
other, or (b) clearing futures or option transactions through the same clearing member; or 
5. 
Has a familial relationship to a witness, potential witness, or a party. 
416.B. Disclosure of Relationship 
1. 
Prior to the consideration of any matter involving a subject, each member of a charging, 
adjudicating, or appeal committee or panel must disclose to the appropriate Exchange staff 
whether he or she has one of the relationships listed in Rule 416.A. above with the subject. 
2. 
In its sole discretion, Exchange staff shall determine whether any member of the committee or 
panel is required to abstain in any matter. 
 
417. 
PROHIBITED COMMUNICATIONS 
417.A. Ex Parte Communications 
Unless on notice and opportunity for all parties to participate: 
1. 
No subject or respondent (or any counsel to or representative of a subject or respondent) or the 
Financial and Regulatory Surveillance Department (or any counsel to or representative of the 
Financial and Regulatory Surveillance Department) or the Market Regulation Department (or any 
counsel to or representative of the Market Regulation Department) shall knowingly make or cause 
to be made an ex parte communication relevant to the merits (which shall not include scheduling 
and procedural matters) of an investigation or a proceeding to a member of a charging, 
adjudicatory, or appeal committee or panel with respect  to that matter or proceeding. 
2. 
No member of a charging, adjudicating, or appeal committee or panel that is participating in a 
decision with respect to an investigation or a proceeding shall knowingly make or cause to be 
made to a subject or respondent (or any counsel to or representative of a subject or respondent) 
or the Financial and Regulatory Surveillance Department (or any counsel to or representative of 
the Financial and Regulatory Surveillance Department) or the Market Regulation Department (or 
any counsel to or representative of the Market Regulation Department) an ex parte 
communication relevant to the merits (which shall not include scheduling and procedural matters) 
of that matter or proceeding. 
417.B. Communications with Panelists 
No Person shall attempt to influence disciplinary matters pending before a charging, adjudicatory, or 
appeal committee by discussing, or attempting to discuss, such pending matters with a member of 
such committee or any member of the Board. 
417.C. Disclosure 
Any Person who receives, makes or learns of any communication which is prohibited by this Rule shall 
promptly give notice of such communication and any response thereto to the Market Regulation 
Department or the Financial and Regulatory Surveillance Department, as applicable, and all parties 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
to the proceeding to which the communication relates.  A Person shall not be deemed to have violated 
this Rule if the Person refuses an attempted communication concerning the merits of an investigation 
or proceeding as soon as it becomes apparent that the communication concerns the merits. 
 
418. 
CONSENT TO EXCHANGE JURISDICTION  
 
Any Person initiating or executing a transaction on or subject to the Rules of the Exchange directly or 
through an intermediary, and any Person for whose benefit such a transaction has been initiated or 
executed, expressly consents to the jurisdiction of the Exchange and agrees to be bound by and comply 
with the Rules of the Exchange in relation to such transactions, including, but not limited to, rules 
requiring cooperation and participation in investigatory and disciplinary processes. Any futures 
commission merchant, introducing broker, associated person, or foreign Person performing a similar role 
that charges a commission or fee in connection with transactions on or subject to the Rules of the 
Exchange also expressly consents to the Exchange’s jurisdiction.  
 
419. 
CONTRACT MODIFICATION 
All deliveries must conform to government regulations in force at the time of delivery, and all options 
must conform to government regulations in force at the time of exercise.  Unless specifically provided 
otherwise in the applicable product chapter, if any duly authorized U.S. government agency or body 
with appropriate jurisdiction issues an order, ruling, directive or law that conflicts with the requirements 
of these Rules, such order, ruling directive or law shall be construed to take precedence and become 
part of these Rules, and all open and new contracts shall be subject to such government orders. 
 
420. – 431. [RESERVED] 
 
432. 
GENERAL OFFENSES 
It shall be an offense: 
A. to have an interest in, operate or knowingly act on behalf of a bucket-shop, or knowingly make any 
transaction with a bucket-shop; 
B. 1. 
to engage, or attempt to engage, in fraud or bad faith; 
 
2. 
to engage in conduct or proceedings inconsistent with just and equitable principles of trade; 
C. to engage in dishonest conduct; 
D. to create or report a false or fictitious trade; 
E. to extort or attempt extortion; 
F. 
to buy or sell any Exchange futures or options contract with the intent to default on such purchase 
or sale; 
G. to prearrange the execution of transactions in Exchange products for the purpose of transferring 
equity between accounts; 
H. to engage in, or attempt to engage in, the manipulation of prices of Exchange futures or options 
contracts; to corner or squeeze, or attempt to corner or squeeze, the underlying cash market; to 
intentionally or recklessly use or employ, or attempt to use or employ, any manipulative device, 
scheme, or artifice to defraud; or to purchase or sell, or offer to purchase or sell Exchange futures 
or options contracts, or any underlying commodities or securities, for the purpose of upsetting the 
equilibrium of the market or creating a condition in which prices do not or will not reflect fair market 
values; 
I. 
to make a verbal or written material misstatement to the Board, a committee, or Exchange 
employees; 
J. 
to intentionally or recklessly deliver or cause to be delivered, or attempt to deliver or cause to be 
delivered, false, misleading or inaccurate information concerning crop or market information or 
conditions that affect or may affect the price of any Exchange futures or options contract or spot 
transaction in the underlying commodity; 
K. to trade or accept performance bonds after insolvency; 
L. 
1. 
to fail to appear before the Board, Exchange staff or any investigative or hearing committee 
at a duly convened hearing, scheduled staff interview or in connection with any investigation; 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
2. 
to fail to fully answer all questions or produce all books and records at such hearing or in 
connection with any investigation, or to make false statements; 
3. 
to fail to produce any books or records requested by duly authorized Exchange staff, in the 
format and medium specified in the request,  within 10 days after such request is made or 
such shorter period of time as determined by the Market Regulation Department in exigent 
circumstances; 
M. to use or disclose, for any purpose other than the performance of an individual's official duties as 
a member of any committee or the Board of Directors, any non-public information obtained by 
reason of participating in any Board of Directors or committee meeting or hearing; 
N. to knowingly accept, directly or indirectly, a trade on the Exchange for the account of a non-
member employed on the floor of the Exchange; 
O. for a Member to permit the use of facilities or membership privileges in a manner that is detrimental 
to the interest or welfare of the Exchange or results in a violation of Exchange Rules or the 
Commodity Exchange Act; 
P. for a Clearing Member to fail to maintain minimum financial requirements; 
Q. to commit an act which is detrimental to the interest or welfare of the Exchange or to engage in 
any conduct which tends to impair the dignity or good name of the Exchange; 
R. to fail to submit to arbitration any dispute which Exchange staff, an arbitration panel or the Board 
decides should be arbitrated pursuant to Chapter 6; or to fail to comply with a final arbitration 
award; 
S. to fail to comply with an order of the Board, Exchange staff or any hearing committee; 
T. 
to engage in dishonorable or uncommercial conduct; 
U. except where a power of attorney or similar document has been executed pursuant to Rule 956, 
for any party to accept or transmit a customer order which has not been specifically authorized; 
V. to be expelled from a U.S. or foreign designated commodities or securities exchange; 
W. for any party to fail to diligently supervise its employees and agents in the conduct of their business 
relating to the Exchange;  
X. to aid or abet the commission of any offense against the Exchange or any violation of an Exchange 
Rule; 
 
 
Y. to use improperly the trading or clearing platform of any Designated Contract Market, Derivatives 
Clearing Organization, or Swap Execution Facility owned or controlled by CME Group or permit the 
unauthorized use of such platforms; and/or 
Z. 
for a Member to fail to disclose to his qualifying Clearing Member that an involuntary bankruptcy 
petition has been filed against him or, in the case of a voluntary bankruptcy proceeding, that he 
has filed or has formed a definite intention to file for bankruptcy. 
 
433. 
STRICT LIABILITY FOR THE ACTS OF AGENTS 
 
 
 
Pursuant to Section 2(a)(1)(B) of the Commodity Exchange Act, and notwithstanding Rule 432.W., the 
act, omission, or failure of any official, agent, or other Person acting for any party within the scope of 
his employment or office shall be deemed the act, omission or failure of the party, as well as of the 
official, agent or other Person who committed the act. 
 
434. 
[RESERVED] 
 
435. 
EFFECT OF SUSPENSION OR EXPULSION 
Unless otherwise determined by the committee with jurisdiction over such matters, a suspended or 
expelled Member shall not be entitled to any of the privileges of membership during the period of such 
suspension or expulsion, including, but not limited to, the right to:   
A. access any trading floor owned or controlled by CME Group; 
B. direct and indirect access to any Designated Contract Market, Derivatives Clearing Organization or 
Swap Execution Facility owned or controlled by CME Group; 
C. obtain member rates; and  


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
D. any applicable cross-exchange trading privileges. 
 
A member who has been expelled may not lease out an owned membership in any exchange owned 
or controlled by CME Group and must relinquish ownership of such membership(s) within 30 days of 
the date that the expulsion becomes the final decision of the Exchange. 
 
 436. 
[RESERVED] 
 
 437. 
NOTICE OF DISCIPLINE 
Notice, in accordance with Section 8c(a)(2) of the Commodity Exchange Act, shall be made available 
to an internet accessible computer database at the National Futures Association and to an internet 
accessible computer database at CME Group and shall be provided to any Member or non-member 
who is suspended, expelled, disciplined or denied access to the Exchange within 30 days after the 
decision becomes final.  Additionally, a written notice may be posted on the floor of the Exchange for 
five business days promptly after the disciplinary action becomes effective.  The notice shall include 
the Member's or non-member’s name, the Rule(s) violated, the reason for the Exchange's action and 
the action taken or penalty imposed. 
 
 438. 
[RESERVED] 
 
 439. 
MEMBER'S INDEMNIFICATION LIABILITY 
A Member or former Member shall indemnify and hold harmless the Exchange and CME Group Inc., 
including each of their respective subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, the indemnified parties) and 
their officers, directors, employees, and agents, for any and all losses, damages, costs and expenses 
(including attorneys’ fees) incurred by the indemnified parties as a result (directly or indirectly) of such 
Member’s violation or alleged violation of Exchange Rules or state or federal law. 
Any charges arising out of this Rule shall be subject to liens as provided in Rule 110(a). 
 
440. 
CLAIMS BY MEMBERS 
A Member who commences a legal action against the Exchange, its directors, officers, employees, or 
agents, or another Member of the Exchange without first resorting to and exhausting the procedures 
established by Rule 110 and the mandatory arbitration provisions of Chapter 6 (including appeals to 
the Board), or any other Rules relating to settlement of disputes arising out of transactions or matters 
pertaining to the Exchange shall be deemed to have committed an act detrimental to the interest or 
welfare of the Exchange.  This Rule shall not abrogate an individual's right to reparations pursuant to 
Section 14 of the Commodity Exchange Act. 
A Member who commences a legal action against the Exchange, its directors, officers, employees, or 
agents, after he has exhausted all of the procedures established by the Exchange, may be found to 
have committed an act detrimental to the interest or welfare of the Exchange in the event that at hearing 
the Board or the BCC determines that the Member's action was not meritorious or warranted. 
 
441. 
COMMUNICATIONS WITH THE PUBLIC AND PROMOTIONAL MATERIAL 
Promotional material and similar information issued by Members shall comply with the requirements of 
National Futures Association Rule 2-29, as amended. 
 
442. 
NOTIFICATION OF SIGNIFICANT EVENTS 
Each Member shall provide immediate notice to the Market Regulation Department (and each Member 
that is a Member Firm or a Clearing Member shall also provide immediate notice to the Clearing House), 
in writing upon becoming aware of any of the following events relating to such Member: 
1. 
any suspension, expulsion, revocation or restriction of such Member’s trading privileges or any 
fine in excess of $25,000, through an adverse determination, voluntary settlement or otherwise, 
by any court, commodity or securities exchange or related clearing organization, the Securities 
and Exchange Commission, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission or the securities 
commission or equivalent authority of any state, territory, the District of Columbia or foreign 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
country, the National Futures Association, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. or any 
self-regulatory or regulatory organization; 
2. 
any indictment of the Member or any of its officers for, any conviction of the Member or any of its 
officers of, or any confession of guilt or plea of guilty or nolo contendere by the Member or any of 
its officers to 1) any felony or 2) any misdemeanor involving, arising from, or related to the purchase 
or sale of any commodity, security, futures contract, option or other financial instrument or involving 
or arising from fraud or moral turpitude; and/or 
3. 
any filing of a  bankruptcy petition or insolvency, receivership or equivalent proceeding of which 
the Member is a subject. In the case of a voluntary bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or 
equivalent proceeding, the Member also shall notify the Market Regulation Department, (and the 
Clearing House in the case of a Member that is a Member Firm or Clearing Member) when such 
Member forms a definite intention to file such proceeding. 
Nothing in this Rule shall limit or negate any other reporting obligations that any member may have to 
the Exchange or any other regulator or Person. 
 
443. 
[RESERVED] 
 
444. 
PAYMENTS OF DISCIPLINARY FINES, DISGORGEMENT ORDERS AND RESTITUTION 
Disciplinary fines, disgorgement, and restitution amounts levied pursuant to Exchange rules must be 
submitted to the Market Regulation Department no later than the date specified in the notice of decision, 
except that fines issued by the Clearing House Risk Committee shall be paid to the Financial and 
Regulatory Surveillance Department. An individual or entity who fails to provide proof of payment within 
the time prescribed shall not be entitled to direct or indirect access to any Designated Contract Market, 
Derivatives Clearing Organization, or Swap Execution Facility owned or controlled by CME Group until 
the payment has been received. Any party that fails to make the required payment shall immediately 
forfeit eligibility for any Exchange incentive or rebate program until the amount is paid in full. Any party 
that fails to pay a disciplinary fine, disgorgement order, or restitution amount within the prescribed time 
period may also be subject to sanctions pursuant to Rule 432.S.  
Parties may, subject to a determination by the sanctioning entity, be liable for unpaid fines or unpaid 
disgorgement orders and restitution amounts imposed upon their employees. 
(End Chapter 4) 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 51 
CHAPTER 5 
TRADING QUALIFICATIONS AND PRACTICES 
 
500. 
 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
 
FLOOR PRIVILEGES 
501. 
 
EMPLOYEES OF MEMBERS 
502. 
 
ADMISSION TO FLOOR 
503. 
 
RETIRED MEMBERS 
504. 
 
[RESERVED] 
505. 
 
BOOTH AND FLOOR PRIVILEGES 
506. 
 
HEADSET PRIVILEGES ON THE TRADING FLOOR 
 
 
506.A. 
Access and Supervision 
 
 
506.B. 
Use of Headsets 
507. 
 
ELECTRONIC DEVICES 
 
 
507.A. 
General Provisions 
 
 
507.B. 
Terms and Conditions of Use 
 
 
507.C. Electronic Surveillance 
 
 
507.D. Personal Electronic Devices 
 
 
507.E. 
Cameras and Video Equipment 
508. 
 
GIVING AND RECEIVING OF GRATUITIES 
509. 
 
ACCOUNTS OF MEMBERS AND MEMBER FIRMS 
 
TRADING QUALIFICATIONS AND REGULATIONS 
510. 
 
REQUIREMENTS FOR MEMBERS AND THEIR EMPLOYEES ON THE  
 
 
TRADING FLOOR 
511. 
 
QUALIFIED TRADERS AND BROKERS 
 
 
511.A. 
Floor Trading 
 
 
511.B. 
Globex Trading 
512. 
 
REPORTING INFRACTIONS 
 
 
512.A. 
General 
 
 
512.B. 
Sanctions 
 
 
512.C. Hearings and Appeals 
513. 
 
CONDUCT, APPAREL AND BADGES 
 
 
513.A. 
General 
 
 
513.B. 
Sanctions 
 
 
513.C. Hearings and Appeals 
514. 
 
TRADING INFRACTIONS 
 
 
514.A. 
Definition 
 
 
514.B. 
Floor Conduct Committee Fining Authority 
515. 
 
REGISTRATION AND IDENTIFICATION OF BROKER ASSOCIATIONS 
 
 
515.A. 
Definitions 
 
 
515.B. 
Registration Requirements 
 
 
515.C. Prohibition on Sharing of Personal Trading Profits 
 
 
515.D. Supervision 
 
 
515.E. 
Trading Restrictions 
516. 
 
ERROR ACCOUNTS 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 51 
517.-519. 
[RESERVED] 
 
TRADING PRACTICES 
520. 
 
TRADING CONFINED TO EXCHANGE FACILITIES 
521. 
 
REQUIREMENTS FOR OPEN OUTCRY TRADES 
522. 
 
ACCEPTANCE OF BIDS AND OFFERS 
523. 
 
ALL-OR-NONE TRANSACTIONS 
524. 
TRADING AT SETTLEMENT (“TAS”), BASIS TRADE AT INDEX CLOSE (“BTIC”) AND BASIS 
TRADE AT CASH OPEN (“TACO”) AND TRADE MARKER AT CLOSE (“TMAC”) 
TRANSACTIONS 
524.A. 
Trading at Settlement (“TAS”) Transactions 
524.B. 
Basis Trade at Index Close (“BTIC”) Transactions 
 
 
 
524.C. Basis Trade at Cash Open (“TACO”) Transactions  
 
 
524.D. Trade Marker at Close (“TMAC”) Transactions 
525. 
 
[RESERVED] 
526. 
 
BLOCK TRADES 
527. 
 
OUTTRADES, ERRORS AND MISHANDLING OF ORDERS 
 
527.A. 
Outtrades Discovered During a Regular Trading Hours Trading Session 
 
527.B. 
Outtrades Discovered After a Regular Trading Hours Trading Session 
 
 
527.C. Outtrades Resolution 
 
 
527.D. Errors and Mishandling of Orders 
528. 
 
PRICE REPORTING 
529. 
 
WITHHOLDING ORDERS PROHIBITED 
530. 
 
PRIORITY OF CUSTOMERS’ ORDERS 
531. 
 
TRADING AGAINST CUSTOMERS’ ORDERS PROHIBITED 
 
 
531.A. 
General Prohibition 
 
 
531.B. 
Exceptions 
532. 
 
IMPROPER USE OR DISCLOSURE OF NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION PROHIBITED 
533. 
 
SIMULTANEOUS BUY AND SELL ORDERS FOR DIFFERENT BENEFICIAL OWNERS 
534. 
 
WASH TRADES PROHIBITED 
535. 
 
RESPONSIBILITY OF FLOOR TRADERS AND FLOOR BROKERS 
536. 
 
RECORDKEEPING REQUIREMENTS FOR PIT, GLOBEX, AND NEGOTIATED TRADES 
 
 
536.A. 
General Requirements for Open Outcry Pit Trades 
 
 
536.B. 
Globex Order Entry 
 
 
536.C. Bunched Orders and Orders Eligible for Post Execution  
 
 
 
Allocation 
 
 
536.D. Customer Type Indicator (CTI) Codes 
 
 
536.E. 
Negotiated Trades 
 
 
536.F. 
Audit Trail Violations 
 
 
536.G. Telephone Recordings  
 
 
536.H.  Retention of Records 
537. 
 
DATA SUBMITTED TO THE EXCHANGE 
538. 
 
EXCHANGE FOR RELATED POSITIONS 
 
 
538.A. 
Parties to an EFRP 
 
 
538.B. 
Independently Controlled Accounts 
 
 
538.C. Related Position 
 
 
538.D. EFPs in Connection with Inventory Financing of Storable, Non-Financial Commodities 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 51 
 
 
538.E. 
Quantity Equivalence 
 
 
538.F. 
Prices and Price Increments 
 
 
538.G. EFRPs Following the Termination of Trading in Exchange Contracts 
 
 
538.H. Recordkeeping 
 
 
538.I. 
Submission to the Clearing House 
 
 
538.J. 
EFRP Volumes Required to be Reported with Daily Large Trader Positions 
 
 
538.K. 
Immediately Offsetting EFPs in Foreign Currency Futures 
539. 
 
PREARRANGED, PRE-NEGOTIATED AND NONCOMPETITIVE TRADES  
 
 
PROHIBITED 
 
 
539.A. 
General Prohibition 
 
 
539.B. 
Exceptions 
 
 
539.C. Pre-Execution Communications Regarding Globex Trades  
540. 
 
RESPONSIBILITY FOR CUSTOMER ORDERS 
 
 
540.A. 
Standard of Responsibility 
 
 
540.B. 
Liability for Negligence 
541. 
 
[RESERVED]  
542. 
 
SIMULTANEOUS SPREAD AND COMBINATION TRANSACTIONS  
543. 
 
RESTRICTIONS ON ACCESS FOR SANCTIONED PARTIES AND JURISDICTIONS 
544. 
 
CLOSING DAY ORDERS 
545. 
 
[RESERVED] 
546. 
 
OPENING AND CLOSING RANGES DURING REGULAR TRADING  
 
 
HOURS 
547. 
 
DISCRETIONARY ORDERS 
548. 
 
PRIORITY OF EXECUTION 
549.-552  
[RESERVED] 
 
553. 
 
AVERAGE PRICE SYSTEM 
 
 
553.A. 
Application of Average Prices 
 
 
553.B. 
Average Price System Requirements  
 
 
553.C. Computation of Average Price 
 
 
553.D. Disclosure 
 
554.-558. 
[RESERVED] 
559. 
 
POSITION LIMITS AND EXEMPTIONS 
 
 
559.A. 
Bona Fide Hedging Transactions or Positions 
 
 
559.B. 
Non-Enumerated Bona Fide Hedging Transactions or Positions 
 
 
559.C. Spread Positions 
 
 
559.D. Aggregation of Positions 
 
 
559.E. 
Exemptions from Aggregation 
 
 
559.F. 
Violations 
560. 
 
POSITION ACCOUNTABILITY 
561. 
 
SUBMISSION OF LARGE TRADER POSITIONS AND VOLUME THRESHOLD ACCOUNTS 
 
 
561.A. 
Large Trader Reporting 
 
 
561.B. 
Volume Threshold Reporting 
 
 
561.C. Obligations of Omnibus Accounts and Foreign Brokers 
 
 
561.D. Reportable Levels 
562. 
 
POSITION LIMIT VIOLATIONS 
563.-569. 
[RESERVED] 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 4 of 51 
570. 
RESTRICTION ON SALE OF EXCHANGE PRODUCTS IN THE EUROPEAN UNION TO 
EUROPEAN UNION RETAIL INVESTORS UNDER PRIIPS [PACKAGE RETAIL AND 
INSURANCE BASED INVESTMENT PRODUCT] 
571.-572. 
[RESERVED] 
 
GLOBEX ELECTRONIC TRADING SYSTEM RULES 
573. 
 
GLOBEX OPENING 
574. 
 
GLOBEX ACCESS RESTRICTIONS 
575. 
 
DISRUPTIVE PRACTICES PROHIBITED 
576. 
 
IDENTIFICATION OF GLOBEX TERMINAL OPERATORS 
577. 
 
[RESERVED] 
578. 
 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, NO WARRANTIES 
579. 
 
GLOBAL COMMAND CENTER (“GCC”) 
 
 
579.A. 
GCC Authority 
 
 
579.B. 
GCC Services 
 
 
579.C. Order Status 
580. 
 
CME GLOBEX TRADE MATCHING ALGORITHMS 
581.-582 
. 
[RESERVED] 
583. 
 
DOMESTIC CROSS-EXCHANGE TRADING 
 
 
583.A. 
Cross-Exchange Trading by Members of Other Domestic  
 
 
 
Exchanges in Contracts Listed on Globex 
 
 
583.B. 
Cross-Exchange Trading by Members of CME in Contract  
 
 
 
Listed on Globex or Other Electronic Trading Systems by  
 
 
 
Participating Domestic Exchanges 
584.-587. 
[RESERVED] 
588. 
 
TRADE CANCELLATIONS AND PRICE ADJUSTMENTS 
 
 
588.A. 
Global Command Center Authority Regarding Trade Cancellations and Price  
 
 
 
Adjustments 
 
 
588.B. 
Review of Trades 
 
 
588.C. Price Adjustments and Cancellations 
 
 
588.D. Alternative Resolution by Agreement of Parties 
 
 
588.E. 
Liability for Losses Resulting from Price Adjustments or Cancellations and Prohibition  
 
 
 
On Claims for Losses Arising from Error Trades Executed Within the Non- 
 
 
 
Reviewable Range 
 
 
588.F. 
Permissible Responses to Phantom Orders 
 
 
588.G. Schedule of Administrative Fees 
 
 
588.H. Globex Non-Reviewable Trading Ranges 
589. 
 
SPECIAL PRICE FLUCTUATION LIMITS 
 
 
589.A. 
Initial Price Fluctuation Limits for All Contract Months 
 
 
589.B. 
Triggering Events and Temporary Trading Halts 
 
 
589.C. Price Fluctuation Limits on Trading Floor (Floor Trading) 
 
 
589.D. Dynamic Price Fluctuation Limits 
 
POSITION LIMIT, POSITION ACCOUNTABILITY AND REPORTABLE LEVEL TABLE 
 
SPECIAL PRICE FLUCTUATIONS LIMITS AND DAILY PRICE LIMITS TABLE 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 5 of 51 
TRADING AT SETTLEMENT (“TAS”), BASIS TRADE AT INDEX CLOSE (‘BTIC”) AND BASIS TRADE AT CASH 
OPEN (“TACO”) TABLE 
 
RULE 539.C. CROSSING PROTOCOLS TABLE 
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES RELATING TO CHAPTER 5 
 
ACCESS, CONDUCT AND APPEARANCE CODE 
 
QUOTATION CHANGES 
 
 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 6 of 51 
Chapter 5 
Trading Qualifications and Practices 
 
 
5B500. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter prescribes rules concerning floor access privileges, qualifications for trading privileges, 
and trading practices.  
0BFLOOR PRIVILEGES 
6B501. 
EMPLOYEES OF MEMBERS 
Members shall register with the Exchange all persons whom they wish to employ on the trading floor.  
Such employees may act as runners, communicators, clerks and broker assistants.  Such employees 
shall not be permitted to solicit customers or benefit from the production of orders.  Such employees 
shall not trade or have any interest in an account trading in any CME futures or options contracts.  
Employees must wear a prescribed identification badge.  Any member permitting trading by such 
employee shall be guilty of an offense against the Exchange.  Remuneration to such employees shall 
be limited to salaries and normal bonuses.  The member employer shall, upon request, provide a 
report to Exchange staff with respect to each such employee, setting forth the hours of employment, 
salary and bonus, and a copy of each employee's Internal Revenue Service W-2 Form or other 
documentation evidencing employment. 
The following shall apply to any IMM, IOM or GEM member who also holds a broker assistant badge.  
Such person shall not trade for, or carry in his account or an account in which he has any interest, 
any positions in contracts traded on the Exchange except for those contracts which he is entitled to 
trade as principal or broker for others by virtue of his membership status as referenced above. 
A member holding a broker assistant badge shall be required to notify his qualifying clearing member, 
as defined in Rule 903, of the name, address and immediate supervisor of the member or member 
firm by whom he is employed as a broker assistant.  Upon a qualifying clearing member’s revocation 
of trading authorization in accordance with Rule 903.E., the qualifying clearing member immediately 
shall give written notice to the member or member firm which employs a member as a broker 
assistant that the member’s trading authorization has been revoked.  A member holding a broker 
assistant badge shall be denied floor access privileges upon the revocation of trading authorization 
by his qualifying clearing member.  The floor access privileges of a member who holds a broker 
assistant badge may be reinstated upon the filing of a release with the Shareholder Relations and 
Membership Services Department by the member’s qualifying clearing member in accordance with 
Rule 903.D.   
Members shall be responsible for ensuring that their employees comply with all Exchange rules and 
may, subject to a determination by an Exchange disciplinary committee, be liable for any fines 
imposed upon such employees by the Exchange.  The Exchange may, in its sole discretion, notify a 
member of the existence of an Exchange investigation and the conduct which is the subject of the 
investigation involving one of the member’s employees when the Market Regulation Department 
interviews such employee or, if no such interview occurs, when charges are issued against the 
employee by the Chief Regulatory Officer. 
No person shall be registered as an employee pursuant to this rule if such person is determined by 
Exchange staff not to be of good moral character or if it is determined that such registration may be 
detrimental to the interest or welfare of the Exchange.  
7B502. 
ADMISSION TO FLOOR 
In addition to authorized employees and agents of the Exchange, only members, registered 
employees of members, permit holders and authorized visitors shall be permitted on the floor of the 
Exchange.  No person may be introduced on the floor of the Exchange by a member on more than 
three days of any calendar month.  Members must at all times accompany visitors for whom they 
have obtained floor access and are responsible for the conduct and actions of visitors for whom they 
have obtained floor access while such visitors are on Exchange premises.  No privileges other than 
admittance to the floor may be extended to a guest.  A guest is specifically prohibited from performing 
any of the functions of an employee of a member or member firm, entering a trading pit, placing 
orders, using any electronic devices or market display equipment and blocking aisleways or access 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 7 of 51 
to trading pits.  
8B503. 
RETIRED MEMBERS 
Any member who has been a member for at least 25 years who sells or leases his membership may 
apply for a retired member badge which will entitle the retired member to access the trading floor.  A 
retired member who leases his membership to another person may place orders for his own account 
from on the trading floor pursuant to the customer order entry requirements set forth in Rule 536.A.1.  
A retired member who sells his membership is prohibited from placing orders for any account while 
on the trading floor.  Retired members are prohibited from accessing the trading pits during trading 
hours. 
9B504. 
[RESERVED] 
10B505. 
BOOTH AND FLOOR PRIVILEGES 
Booth space on the trading floor may be assigned only to clearing member firms.  Available booth 
space will be assigned by Exchange staff in accordance with the policies established by the 
Exchange and the decisions of Exchange staff regarding the assignment of booth space shall be 
final.  Clearing member firms may allocate assigned booth space to 1) members qualified by the 
clearing member firm or 2) member firms with which it has a clearing relationship with respect to 
exchange products. 
Orders may be accepted at or relayed from the booth space assigned to a clearing member firm or 
allocated to a member or member firm by the clearing member firm only by employees of the 
member, member firm or clearing member firm and members qualified by the clearing member firm. 
Notwithstanding any other rule,  any member who is associated as a partner, shareholder, member, 
officer, manager, employee, or consultant with any entity or natural person that is or should be 
registered as an Introducing Broker (“IB”), Futures Commission Merchant (“FCM”), Commodity 
Trading Advisor (“CTA”) or Commodity Pool Operator (“CPO”) as those terms are defined in Section 
1a of the Commodity Exchange Act and/or 17 C.F.R. 1.3, may not solicit orders of others from the 
floor of the Exchange unless the entity or natural person for which or for whom the member is 
soliciting orders is also a member firm or member of the Exchange.  Additionally, IBs, FCMs, CTAs 
and CPOs may not operate from booth spaces on the trading floor unless they are member firms or 
wholly owned by members or member firms. 
 
1B506. 
HEADSET PRIVILEGES ON THE TRADING FLOOR 
81B506.A.  
Access and Supervision 
Members and member firms are eligible to use headsets on the trading floor unless such usage is 
restricted in a particular pit by Exchange policy.  Where headset usage is permitted, members and 
member firms may authorize their nonmember employees to utilize headsets subject to their 
supervision.  For the purposes of this rule, a telephone in, or on the perimeter of, a trading pit shall 
be treated in the same manner as a headset. 
Members and member firms are eligible to lease headsets from the Exchange by filing an application 
with the Telecommunications Department.  Alternatively, members and member firms may use 
headsets obtained from a third-party provided the Exchange authorizes use of the third-party 
headsets pursuant to the provisions of Rule 507.A.  Members and member firms using headsets 
provided by a third-party must permit the third-party to provide the Market Regulation Department 
direct access to recordings required to be made pursuant to the provisions of Rule 536.G.     
Members and member firms are responsible for ensuring that their nonmember employees who 
utilize headsets comply with all requirements set forth in this rule and are responsible for the content 
of their nonmember employees’ headset communications.  
82B506.B.  
Use of Headsets 
Nonmember employees wearing a headset may communicate order and fill information, as well as 
market information that has been publicly exposed to the trading pit; however, such nonmember 
employees may not communicate their personal opinions concerning the market or trading activity.   
Headsets may be used to communicate between locations on the trading floor, and between the 
trading floor and off-floor locations.  Headsets may be used to accept, place or relay orders provided 
that all applicable Exchange audit trail and recordkeeping requirements are met, unless such usage 
is restricted in a particular pit by Exchange policy.  However, nonmember customers may not place 
orders directly to the pit, and floor brokers and their employees may not accept such orders, unless 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 8 of 51 
the customer’s clearing firm, in its sole discretion, has specifically authorized the customer to place 
orders directly.   
12B507. 
ELECTRONIC DEVICES 
83B507.A.  
General Provisions 
The use of any electronic device on the trading floor is prohibited unless such device and/or usage 
has been permitted by the Exchange.  For purposes of this rule, the term “electronic device” shall 
mean any type of voice or data communications interface, including but not limited to a computer, 
headset, hand-held device, microphone or telephone.  No Member (as defined in Rule 400) shall 
permit others to use any electronic device unless such use has been permitted by the Exchange.  
Members using a permitted electronic device on the trading floor for permissible business purposes 
must retain any required audit trail data in accordance with applicable Exchange rules and CFTC 
regulations.  
84B507.B.  
Terms and Conditions of Use 
The Exchange may, in its sole discretion, impose restrictions on the use of any permitted electronic 
device by any Member.  The Exchange may limit, suspend or terminate any Member's right to use 
any permitted electronic device at any time, without prior notice and without any liability to the 
Exchange. 
The Exchange shall have the right, at any time, to audit the use of any permitted electronic device 
by any Member. 
The Exchange accepts no responsibility for loss, theft or damage to any equipment permitted for use 
by a Member on Exchange premises. 
Electronic devices that are not issued by the Exchange must not interfere with any Exchange system.  
85B507.C.  
Electronic Surveillance 
The Exchange may intercept and record any electronic communication received or sent from the 
trading floor to ensure compliance with Exchange Rules.  Exchange members, their employees, and 
all others who are granted access to the trading floor consent, as a condition of their membership, 
employment, or access to the floor, to the interception, recording, and use of any such 
communication.  
86B507.D.  
Personal Electronic Devices 
Unless permitted pursuant to Section A. above, personal electronic devices including, but not limited 
to, cell phones, personal digital assistants (PDAs) and other devices with email, instant messaging 
or other similar capabilities may be used on the trading floor only for non-business purposes.  
87B507.E. 
 
Cameras and Video Equipment 
Unless expressly permissioned by the Exchange, the use of any type of camera or video equipment 
on the trading floor is prohibited.  
13B508. 
GIVING AND RECEIVING OF GRATUITIES  
A member, member firm, broker association or an employee of any of the foregoing may not give, 
directly or indirectly, to any employee of another member, member firm or broker association any 
gratuities or gifts with an aggregate market value in excess of $100 within any twelve-month period. 
This rule applies notwithstanding any internal policy of an entity that allows for gifts in excess of $100.  
The requirements of this rule apply to both the providers and the recipients of such gifts and gratuities.  
14B509. 
ACCOUNTS OF MEMBERS AND MEMBER FIRMS 
All trades initiated for the account of a member or member firm, or an account in which the member 
or member firm has a proprietary interest, shall be disclosed on the books of a clearing member.  
 
 
TRADING QUALIFICATIONS AND REGULATIONS 
15B510. 
REQUIREMENTS FOR MEMBERS AND THEIR EMPLOYEES ON THE TRADING 
FLOOR 
All members and their employees on the trading floor shall satisfy all orientation requirements of the 
Exchange.  All members seeking to act as a Floor Broker, Floor Trader, or in any other capacity 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 9 of 51 
requiring registration pursuant to the Commodity Exchange Act, must be registered in accordance 
with applicable CFTC regulations. 
A member shall be prohibited from engaging in activities requiring registration under the Commodity 
Exchange Act or from representing himself to be a registrant under the Commodity Exchange Act or 
the representative or agent of any registrant if such member's Floor Broker or Floor Trader 
registration is suspended by the CFTC or if the Exchange has suspended such member's privilege 
to act as a Floor Broker or Floor Trader on the Exchange. 
All members registered with the CFTC must report any changes to such status in accordance with 
applicable CFTC regulations and must promptly notify the Shareholder Relations and Membership 
Services Department of any such changes.  
16B511. 
QUALIFIED TRADERS AND BROKERS 
No member shall be permitted to execute a pit, spot call or allowable privately negotiated transaction 
on the Exchange unless he is qualified to do so by a clearing member. 
A member shall place all trades for his own account or any account which he controls, on the books 
of his qualifying clearing member unless written authorization to the contrary from said clearing 
member has been filed with the Shareholder Relations and Membership Services Department.  
Regardless of such authorization, a member in a deficit position with any clearing member shall place 
trades only through his qualifying clearing member.  Any non-qualifying clearing member that carries 
a member's account in a deficit position shall promptly notify the clearing member that is qualifying 
such member. 
A member who believes his qualifying clearing member is unreasonably withholding a release 
necessary to permit the member to be qualified by a different clearing member may request a hearing 
before a Panel of the Business Conduct Committee (“Panel”) pursuant to the applicable provisions 
of Rule 408.  The Panel may, in its sole discretion, remand a dispute concerning the validity of a 
signed non-compete agreement between the parties to arbitration pursuant to Rule 600.A.  Either 
party may petition the arbitration chairman for expedited handling of the matter pursuant to Rule 613. 
The Panel may assess attorneys’ fees and the administrative costs of the proceeding against one or 
both of the parties if it determines that a claim or defense was frivolous or filed in bad faith.  
511.A.   
Floor Trading 
A clearing member may, without prior notice, revoke a member’s authorization to trade by written 
revocation filed with the Shareholder Relations and Membership Services Department.  Such 
revocation shall be effective and the member's qualification to trade shall terminate when notice of 
the disqualification is posted on the Exchange floor.  A member shall not appear upon the floor of the 
Exchange until he has been requalified.  A member who has been disqualified shall promptly return 
his membership badge to the Shareholder Relations and Membership Services Department.  
8B511.B.   
Globex Trading 
Unless otherwise specified by a member's qualifying clearing member, a member suspended from 
entering orders through Globex shall not be disqualified from pit trading. 
In the case of a member who has Globex access guaranteed by a clearing member other than his 
qualifying clearing member, the qualifying clearing member may terminate the member's ability to 
place orders through Globex by notifying the clearing member providing the member access to 
Globex.  The clearing member providing the access to Globex will be responsible for ensuring that 
the member does not place orders through Globex.  
17B512. 
REPORTING INFRACTIONS 
512.A.  
General 
All data, records and other information required by the rules to be reported to the Exchange or the 
Clearing House, as applicable, must be submitted in an accurate, complete and timely manner. 
512.B.  
Sanctions 
1. 
Except as otherwise provided in Rule 536, the Chief Regulatory Officer or his designee shall 
have the authority to impose summary fines on parties who have consented to the jurisdiction of the 
Exchange. Summary fines shall not be less than $1,000 per offense and shall not exceed $5,000 per 
offense for individuals or $10,000 per offense for firms for the inaccurate, incomplete or untimely 
submission of data, records or information required to be submitted to the Exchange or the Clearing 
House. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 10 of 51 
2. 
Individuals and firms shall have 15 days following receipt of the notice of a summary fine to 
present evidence to the Market Regulation Department that the fine should be rescinded or reduced.  
Absent the submission of such evidence within the designated time period, the fine shall be deemed 
final and may not be appealed. 
512.C.  
Hearings and Appeals 
If the Chief Regulatory Officer or his designee determines that evidence submitted by an individual 
or firm pursuant to Section B.2. is insufficient to support the requested rescission or reduction of the 
fine, the individual or firm may, within 10 days of the decision, file a written appeal with the Market 
Regulation Department.  A written appeal that fails to specify the grounds for the appeal and the 
specific error or impropriety of the original decision shall be dismissed.  The appeal shall be heard 
by a Panel of the Business Conduct Committee (“BCC Panel”) whose decision shall be final. The 
appellant shall be entitled to be represented by counsel, appear personally before the BCC Panel 
and present evidence that he may have in support of his appeal.  The BCC Panel shall not set aside, 
modify or amend the appealed decision unless it determines, by a majority vote, that the decision 
was: 
1. 
Arbitrary, capricious, or an abuse of the Exchange staff’s discretion; 
2. 
In excess of the Exchange staff’s authority or jurisdiction; or 
3. 
Based on a clearly erroneous application of Exchange rules. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Sections B.1. and B.2. above, the Market Regulation Department 
may, at any time, refer matters that it deems egregious to the Chief Regulatory Officer for 
consideration of charges. 
18B513. 
CONDUCT, APPAREL AND BADGES 
89B513.A.  
General 
Members and their employees are expected to conduct themselves on Exchange premises with 
dignity and integrity in order to maintain a safe workplace and the efficiency and good name of the 
Exchange.  Members and their employees shall refrain from excessive speed in moving about the 
trading floors, and shall be respectful of all others on Exchange premises and shall abide by 
Exchange policy concerning access, conduct, and appearance.  Members and their employees, while 
on the trading floors, shall be professionally attired in accordance with Exchange policy, and shall 
wear jackets bearing identification badges issued by the Exchange.  Members and their employees 
not professionally attired in accordance with Exchange policy may be barred or removed from the 
trading floors.  Refreshments and smoking are forbidden on the trading floors at all times.  
90B513.B.  
Sanctions 
1. 
Designated Exchange officials may impose fines on members or their employees for violations 
of the Exchange policy concerning access, conduct, and appearance.  Fines imposed pursuant 
to Rule 513.B.1. are final and may not be appealed. 
2. 
A fourth violation of the Exchange policy concerning access, conduct, and appearance within a 
rolling 18-month period will be subject to a $1,000 fine. 
3. 
A fifth or subsequent violation of the Exchange policy concerning access, conduct, and 
appearance within a rolling 18-month period will be referred to a summary proceeding before a 
Panel of the Floor Conduct Committee.  The Panel may impose a fine not to exceed $5,000 per 
violation. 
4. 
Notwithstanding any other provision in this Rule, the Chief Regulatory Officer shall have the 
authority to impose a fine not to exceed $5,000 per offense on members and their employees 
for egregious violations of Rule 513.A. 
5. 
The Market Regulation Department, at its discretion, may refer any alleged violation of Rule 513 
to the Chief Regulatory Officer for consideration of charges.  
91B513.C.  
Hearings and Appeals 
An individual fined pursuant to Rule 513.B.2., 3. or 4. may, within 10 days of the decision, file a written 
appeal with the Market Regulation Department.  A written appeal that fails to specify the grounds for 
the appeal and the specific error or impropriety of the original decision shall be dismissed.  The 
appeal shall be heard by a Panel of the Business Conduct Committee (“BCC Panel”) whose decision 
shall be final.  The appellant shall be entitled to be represented by counsel, appear personally before 
the BCC Panel and present evidence that he may have in support of his appeal.  The BCC Panel 
shall not set aside, modify or amend the appealed decision unless it determines, by majority vote, 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 11 of 51 
that the decision was: 
1. 
Arbitrary, capricious, or an abuse of the Panel’s or Exchange staff’s discretion; 
2. 
In excess of the Panel’s or Exchange staff’s authority or jurisdiction; or 
3. 
Based on a clearly erroneous application of Exchange rules.  
19B514. 
TRADING INFRACTIONS 
A written complaint concerning a trading infraction pursuant to Rule 514.A. may be initiated by 
members, member firms, trading floor employees of members or member firms or staff of the 
Exchange.  Charges shall be issued and hearings shall be conducted for violations of this rule in 
accordance with Rule 409.  
92B514.A.  
Definition 
The following shall constitute trading infractions: 
1. 
a bid or offer out of line with the market;  
2. 
a bid or offer which tends to confuse the other traders; 
3. 
a trade through the existing bid or offer; 
4. 
failure to confirm a transaction; 
5. 
failure of a buyer and seller to properly notify the pit reporter of transaction prices in accordance 
with Rule 528 and/or failure to ascertain that such prices are properly recorded; 
6. 
use of profane, obscene or unbusinesslike language on the trading floor; 
7. 
use of undue force while on, entering or leaving the trading floor; 
8. 
conduct which tends to confuse, distract, abuse or intimidate any Exchange employee; 
9. 
conduct of an unbusinesslike nature; 
10. failure to defer to a member who has clearly turned the market; 
11. failure to indicate a quantity on a bid or offer; and 
12. disseminating false, misleading or inaccurate quotes.  
93B 
514.B.  
Floor Conduct Committee Fining Authority 
A Panel of the Floor Conduct Committee that finds a member or his employee guilty of violating Rule 
514 may impose a fine of up to $10,000 per offense on such member or employee, except that an 
egregious violation of Rule 514.A.6., 7., 8. or 9. may result in a fine of up to $20,000.  Notwithstanding 
the above, the total fine levied by a Panel against a respondent may not exceed $20,000 based on 
the single issuance of charges. 
If an individual is found guilty of three violations of Rule 514.A. within a rolling one-year period, or 
any three violations of Rule 514.A.6., 7., 8., and/or 9., within a rolling five-year period, any subsequent 
alleged violation under Part A. of this rule within such period shall be reviewed by the Market 
Regulation Department to determine whether to forward the alleged violation to a Panel of the Floor 
Conduct Committee for adjudication or to investigate and refer the matter to the Chief Regulatory 
Officer for review.  Notwithstanding the above, the Market Regulation Department may, at any time, 
refer matters that it deems egregious to the Chief Regulatory Officer.  
20B515. 
REGISTRATION AND IDENTIFICATION OF BROKER ASSOCIATIONS 
94B515.A.  
Definitions 
1. 
Floor Brokerage Activity - The execution or pre-execution handling of orders on the trading floor. 
2. 
Broker Association - A broker association shall include the following associations between two 
or more members with trading floor access privileges, at least one of whom is engaged in floor 
brokerage activity: 
 
a. 
Revenue Sharing Association:  Associations between members who: 
 
 
i. 
share profits or losses associated with their brokerage and/or error account activity; 
and/or 
 
 
ii. 
have an employer and employee relationship which relates to floor brokerage activity; 
 
b. 
Non-Revenue Sharing Association:  Associations between members who: 
 
 
i. 
regularly share a deck of orders; and/or 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 12 of 51 
 
 
ii. 
share employee salary expenses. 
 
c. 
Any other group or combination deemed by the Exchange to be a broker association. 
3. 
Principal of a Revenue Sharing Association – Each individual who has formal or de facto control 
over the affairs of, or has a ten percent or greater ownership interest in, a Revenue Sharing 
Association not owned by a clearing member firm.   
4. 
Spokesperson of a Non-Revenue Sharing Association and Revenue Sharing Associations 
owned by a clearing member firm – An individual authorized to represent a Non-Revenue 
Sharing Association or Clearing Firm owned Revenue Sharing Association in connection with its 
registration obligations set forth in Section B. 
95B5. 
Investor – An individual who has a direct beneficial interest in a Revenue Sharing Association 
but is not a principal as defined in A.3. above.   
96B515.B.  
Registration Requirements 
1. 
A member of a broker association shall not handle or execute an order unless that association 
has registered with the Exchange. 
2. 
Members or Member Firms must have majority ownership interest in any broker association. 
3. 
Principals involved in floor brokerage activity must have trading privileges in the membership 
division required for access to the products handled by the members of the association.  
Principals who are not involved in floor brokerage activity must own a membership in the 
membership division required for access to the products handled by the members of the 
association.  Notwithstanding the above, principals not regularly involved in floor brokerage 
activity may hold a membership in any division in circumstances where the association is owned 
by a Member Firm and such Member Firm owns a membership in the membership division 
required for access to the products handled by the members of the association.   
97B4. 
No registered broker association or member thereof shall permit a party to have any direct or 
indirect profit or ownership interest in a broker association unless such party is registered in the 
association in accordance with this rule. 
5. 
Registration shall be accomplished by filing the appropriate registration forms with the Market 
Regulation Department. 
6. 
It shall be the responsibility of the broker association and its principals or spokespersons to 
ensure that the association is properly registered.  Any additions, deletions or other changes to 
the information already reported must be provided to the Market Regulation Department within 
two business days after the event giving rise to such changes. 
7. 
The Exchange may request any additional 
information from a broker association as deemed appropriate.  
98B515.C.  
Prohibition on Sharing of Personal Trading Profits  
9BRegistrants in a broker association may not share profits or losses associated with their personal 
trading activity by direct or indirect means, except for profits and losses related to brokerage errors.   
10B515.D.  
Supervision 
Each principal of a Revenue Sharing Association must diligently supervise the association’s member 
registrants and non-member employees and may be held directly liable for violations of any rule of 
the Exchange by such registrants and employees. Regardless of whether the principal is held 
responsible for the act or acts constituting the violation, each principal is jointly liable for the payment 
of any fines assessed against another principal, registrant or employee of the association provided 
that the violation occurred while that person was functioning in his capacity with the association.  
101B515.E. 
 
Trading Restrictions 
The Exchange may impose limits on the percentage of personal trading and/or brokerage volume 
that members of a broker association may execute with one another.  Violations of such restrictions 
will result in summary action according to the following schedule on a rolling 12 month period: 
First Occurrence  
 
Letter of Warning 
Second Occurrence 
 
$5,000 fine 
Subsequent Occurrence 
$10,000 fine 
The Exchange may restrict a member of a Revenue Sharing Association from trading for any account 
such member owns, controls or in which such member has a financial interest opposite other 
members of the association executing orders.  Violation of such restrictions will result in summary 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 13 of 51 
action according to the following schedule on a rolling 24 month period: 
First Occurrence  
 
Letter of Warning 
Second Occurrence   
$500 fine 
Third Occurrence  
 
$1,000 fine 
Subsequent Occurrence 
$5,000 fine  
Actions taken pursuant to this section are final and may not be appealed; however members will 
have 15 days following receipt of notification of the action to present evidence to the Market 
Regulation Department that administrative, clerical or other errors caused the apparent rule violation. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of this section, the Market Regulation Department may, at any time, 
refer matters that it deems egregious to the Chief Regulatory Officer for consideration of charges. 
21B516. 
ERROR ACCOUNTS 
Each member who acts as a Floor Broker must maintain a designated error account with his 
qualifying clearing member into which he places brokerage errors.  This requirement shall not apply 
to a Floor Broker who initiates trades or enters orders solely on behalf of a member firm’s proprietary 
account. 
Each qualifying clearing member which carries an error account agrees, without qualification, to 
accept and clear the broker’s trades involving brokerage errors.  
2B517.-519. 
[RESERVED] 
2B 
TRADING PRACTICES 
23B520. 
TRADING CONFINED TO EXCHANGE FACILITIES 
All trading in Exchange products must occur on or through Exchange facilities and in accordance 
with Exchange rules. 
24B521. 
REQUIREMENTS FOR OPEN OUTCRY TRADES 
In open outcry trading, bidding and offering practices must at all times be conducive to the competitive 
execution of transactions.  All open outcry transactions, including spread and combination 
transactions, shall be made openly and competitively in the pit designated for the trading of the 
particular transaction.  No bid or offer shall be specified for acceptance by a particular trader.  
Transactions may take place only at the best price available in the open outcry market at the time 
the trade occurs. 
It shall be the duty of both traders to confirm their trades as to the price, quantity, commodity, contract 
month, respective clearing members and, for options, strike price, put or call and expiration month.  
Confirmation shall take place as soon as possible, but in no event more than 15 minutes after the 
trade. 
25B522. 
ACCEPTANCE OF BIDS AND OFFERS 
26B 
In open outcry and electronic trading, while outstanding, all or any part of any bid or offer is subject 
to immediate acceptance by any trader.  Members are required to honor all bids or offers which have 
not been withdrawn from the market.  The price at which a trade is executed shall be binding, unless 
such trade is cancelled by Exchange officials in accordance with Exchange rules.  
27B523. 
ALL-OR-NONE TRANSACTIONS  
The Exchange shall determine the minimum thresholds for and the commodities in which All-or-None 
transactions shall be permitted.  The following shall govern All-or-None trading: 
1. 
A member may request an All-or-None bid and/or offer for a specified quantity at or in excess of 
the applicable minimum threshold.  Such request shall be made in the pit designated for the 
trading of the particular transaction. 
2. 
A member may respond by quoting an All-or-None bid or offer price.  A bid or offer in response 
to an All-or-None request shall be made only when it is the best bid or offer in response to such 
request, but such price need not be in line with the bids and offers currently being quoted in the 
regular market. 
3. 
A member shall not execute any order by means of an All-or-None transaction unless the order 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 14 of 51 
includes specific instructions to execute an All-or-None transaction or the All-or-None bid or offer 
is the best price available to satisfy the terms of the order. 
4. 
An All-or-None bid or offer may be accepted by one or more members provided that the entire 
quantity of the All-or-None order is executed at a single price and that each counterparty to the 
order accepts a quantity at or in excess of the designated minimum counterparty 
threshold.  Each order executed opposite an All-or-None order must be for a quantity that meets 
or exceeds the minimum counterparty threshold.  Separate orders may not be bunched to meet 
the minimum counterparty threshold. 
5. 
All-or-None transactions shall not set off conditional orders (e.g., Stop Orders and MIT Orders) 
or otherwise affect orders in the regular market. 
6. 
All-or-None transactions must be reported to a designated Exchange official who shall record 
and publish the quantity and prices separately from reports of transactions in the regular market.  
The brokers executing All-or-None transactions must maintain a record of said transaction in 
accordance with Rule 536. 
28B524. 
TRADING AT SETTLEMENT (“TAS”), BASIS TRADE AT INDEX CLOSE (“BTIC”), 
BASIS TRADE AT CASH OPEN (“TACO”) AND TRADE MARKER AT CLOSE 
(“TMAC”) TRANSACTIONS 
 
The Exchange shall determine the products, contract months and time periods during which TAS, 
BTIC, TACO, and TMAC transactions shall be permitted. Specific products, contract months and 
spreads eligible for pricing as TAS, BTIC, TACO, or TMAC transactions are set forth in the TAS, 
BTIC, TACO, and TMAC Table (“Table”) at the end of Chapter 5.  
 
 
524.A.  
Trading at Settlement (“TAS”) Transactions  
 
 
The following shall govern TAS transactions:  
 
 
1. 
A TAS order may be entered on Globex at any time the applicable contract is available for TAS 
trading on Globex and during such TAS-eligible contract’s prescribed pre-open time period. The 
initiation of any TAS order on Globex outside these time periods is prohibited.  
 
 
2. 
Unless otherwise specified in the Table, a TAS-eligible product and contract month may be 
executed as a block trade pursuant to the requirements of Rule 526 or as an Exchange of 
Futures for Physical (“EFP”) or Exchange of Futures for Risk (“EFR”) transaction pursuant to the 
requirements of Rule 538. 
 
 
3. 
Unless otherwise specified by the Exchange, a TAS transaction may be executed at the current 
day’s settlement price or at any valid price increment four ticks higher or lower than the 
settlement price.  
 
 
524.B.  
Basis Trade at Index Close (“BTIC”) Transactions  
 
A Basis Trade at Index Close (“BTIC”) transaction is an Exchange futures transaction which is priced 
with reference to the closing level of such futures contract’s underlying cash Index, or the closing 
level of a related index as described in the applicable product chapter, on a particular trading day 
(the “Basis”). The following shall govern BTIC transactions:  
 
 
 
1. 
A BTIC order may be entered on Globex at any time the applicable futures contract is available 
for BTIC trading on Globex and during such BTIC-eligible futures contract’s prescribed pre-open 
time period. The initiation of any BTIC order on Globex outside these time periods is prohibited. 
 
 
 
2. 
Unless otherwise specified in the Table, a BTIC-eligible product and contract month may be 
executed as a block trade pursuant to the requirements of Rule 526, except that a BTIC block 
trade cannot be executed on the last day of trading in an expiring BTIC-eligible futures contract.  
 
 
 
3. 
The Basis established in any BTIC transaction must be stated in admissible price increments for 
the applicable futures contract as set forth in the applicable product chapter. The assigned 
futures price corresponding to such BTIC transaction shall be the closing level of the applicable 
cash Index, or the closing level of a related index as described in the applicable product chapter, 
for that trading day adjusted by the Basis established in such BTIC transaction. For any BTIC-
eligible futures contract, the magnitude of the Basis in a BTIC block trade must be fair and 
reasonable in light of factors including, but not limited to, financing rates, expected dividend 
income, and time remaining until the underlying futures contract expiration. A BTIC futures 
transaction may result in an assigned futures price outside of applicable daily price limits.  
 
 
 
The assigned futures price is deemed final when determined by the Exchange, absent an index 
price correction by the index provider. If the closing level of a cash Index, or the closing level of 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 15 of 51 
a related index as described in the applicable product chapter, is corrected by the applicable 
cash Index provider prior to 4:00 p.m. CT on the following Business Day, the assigned futures 
price corresponding to such BTIC transaction shall be amended using the corrected closing level 
of the applicable cash Index, or the closing level of a related index as described in the applicable 
product chapter, adjusted by the Basis established in such BTIC transaction, and the assigned 
futures price shall be deemed final at that time. 
 
 
 
4. 
Additional product-specific BTIC provisions, including those relating to disruptions in the 
publication of an index and the applicable index closing times are set forth in the applicable 
product chapter in the Rulebook. 
 
 
 
524.C. 
Basis Trade at Cash Open (“TACO”) Transactions 
 
 
 
A Basis Trade at Cash Open (“TACO”) transaction is an Exchange futures transaction that is priced 
with reference to the next following regularly scheduled special opening quotation (“SOQ”) of such 
futures contract’s underlying cash Index (the “Basis”).  The following shall govern TACO transactions: 
1. 
A TACO order may be entered on Globex at any time the applicable contract is available for 
TACO trading on Globex and during such TACO-eligible contract’s prescribed pre-open time 
period.  The initiation of any TACO order on Globex outside these time periods is prohibited. 
2. 
Unless otherwise specified in the Table, a TACO-eligible product and contract month may be 
executed as a block trade pursuant to the requirements of Rule 526, provided that for any 
expiring TACO-eligible contract, a TACO block trade is prohibited with reference to such 
contract’s cash Index SOQ for the last day of trading in such contract.  
3. 
The Basis established in any TACO transaction must be stated in admissible price increments 
for the applicable futures contract as set forth in the applicable product chapter.  The assigned 
futures price corresponding to such TACO transaction shall be the next following regularly 
scheduled SOQ of the applicable cash Index adjusted by the Basis established in such TACO 
transaction. 
For any TACO-eligible futures contract, the magnitude of the Basis in a TACO block trade must 
be fair and reasonable in light of factors including, but not limited to, financing rates, expected 
dividend income, and time remaining until the underlying futures contract expiration.  A TACO 
futures transaction may result in an assigned futures price outside of applicable daily price limits. 
4. 
In the event of a disruption in the primary listing exchange for a given cash Index (or a disruption 
in the applicable national bourse or market in the case of a given non-US cash Index) such that 
the administrator of such cash Index is unable to produce a regularly scheduled SOQ, all pending 
and executed TACO transactions in the corresponding futures contract shall be cancelled by the 
Exchange.  Such disruption shall be declared by the Exchange in its sole discretion.  
5. 
Additional product-specific TACO requirements are set forth in the applicable product chapter in 
the Rulebook. 
524.D. Trade Marker at Close (“TMAC”) Transactions 
The following shall govern TMAC transactions: 
1.  A TMAC order may be entered on Globex at any time the applicable contract is available for 
TMAC 
trading on Globex and during such TMAC-eligible contract’s prescribed pre-open time period. The 
initiation of any TMAC order on Globex outside these time periods is prohibited. 
 2.  
Unless otherwise specified in the Table, a TMAC-eligible product and contract month may be 
executed as a block trade pursuant to the requirements of Rule 526 or as an Exchange of Futures 
for Physical (“EFP”) or Exchange of Futures for Risk (“EFR”) transaction pursuant to the 
requirements of Rule 538. 
3.  
Unless otherwise specified by the Exchange, a TMAC transaction may be executed at the current 
day’s applicable marker price or at any valid price increment four ticks higher or lower than the 
applicable marker price. 
 
525. 
 
[RESERVED] 
29B526. 
BLOCK TRADES 
The Exchange shall designate the products in which block trades shall be permitted and determine 
the minimum quantity thresholds for such transactions.  The following shall govern block trades: 
A. A block trade must be for a quantity that is at or in excess of the applicable minimum threshold.  


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 16 of 51 
Orders may not be aggregated in order to achieve the minimum transaction size, except by those 
entities described in Sections I. and J. 
B. Each party to a block trade must be an Eligible Contract Participant as that term is defined in 
Section 1a(18) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 
C. A member shall not execute any order by means of a block trade for a customer unless such 
customer has specified that the order be executed as a block trade. 
D. The price at which a block trade is executed must be fair and reasonable in light of (i) the size 
of the block trade, (ii) the prices and sizes of other transactions in the same contract at the 
relevant time, (iii) the prices and sizes of transactions in other relevant markets, including without 
limitation the underlying cash market or related futures markets, at the relevant time, and (iv) the 
circumstances of the markets or the parties to the block trade. 
E. Block trades shall not set off conditional orders (e.g., Stop Orders and MIT Orders) or otherwise 
affect orders in the regular market. 
F. 
Unless otherwise agreed to by the principal counterparties to the block trade, the seller, or, in 
the case of a brokered transaction, the broker handling the block trade, must ensure that each 
block trade is reported to the Exchange within the time period and in the manner specified by 
the Exchange. The report must include the contract, contract month, price, quantity of the 
transaction, the respective clearing members, the time of execution, and, for options, strike price, 
put or call and expiration month.  The Exchange shall promptly publish such information 
separately from the reports of transactions in the regular market. 
G. Block trades must be reported to the Clearing House in accordance with an approved reporting 
method. 
H. Clearing members and members involved in the execution of block trades must maintain a 
record of the transaction in accordance with Rule 536. 
I. 
A commodity trading advisor ("CTA") registered or exempt from registration under the Act, 
including, without limitation, any investment adviser registered or exempt from registration under 
the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, shall be the applicable entity for purposes of Sections A., 
B., C., and D., provided such advisors have total assets under management exceeding $25 
million and the block trade is suitable for the customers of such advisors. 
J. 
A foreign Person performing a similar role or function to a CTA or investment adviser as 
described in Section I, and subject as such to foreign regulation, shall be the applicable entity 
for purposes of Sections A., B., C., and D., provided such Persons have total assets under 
management exceeding $25 million and the block trade is suitable for the customers of such 
Persons.  
30B527. 
OUTTRADES, ERRORS AND MISHANDLING OF ORDERS 
102B527.A.  
Outtrades Discovered During a Regular Trading Hours Trading Session 
It shall be the duty of a member discovering an outtrade during a Regular Trading Hours session to 
immediately notify the opposite trader.  Thereafter, if the matter cannot be resolved between the 
parties, they shall immediately determine who will cover the trade and the trade shall immediately be 
covered. 
103B527.B.  
Outtrades Discovered After a Regular Trading Hours Trading Session 
A clearing member that is unable with diligent effort to resolve an outtrade with another clearing 
member shall notify the member who executed the trade.  Such notice shall be given prior to the 
following day’s Regular Trading Hours session in sufficient time to allow the member to make 
provisions for the resolution of the outtrade. 
Outtrades discovered after a Regular Trading Hours session shall be resolved between the parties 
to the outtrade as provided in this rule, no later than the opening of trading of the next Regular Trading 
Hours session. 
104B527.C.  
Outtrades Resolution 
To resolve an outtrade, the parties shall attempt to agree upon: (1) the reconciliation of any 
discrepancy in the terms of the trade, (2) which party will cover the trade and the method for covering 
the trade, if applicable, and (3) the apportionment of the financial results of the outtrade.  In the event 
the parties are unable to agree on the apportionment of the financial results, the parties must 
nevertheless immediately reconcile the outtrade. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 17 of 51 
The price at the time of the open of the next Regular Trading Hours session shall fix the limit of 
liability as a result of the outtrade.  Regardless of the ultimate determination of financial responsibility 
for the outtrade, a party who unreasonably refuses to cover the outtrade via an appropriate alternate 
market may be liable to the other party for the difference between the price at which the outtrade 
could have been covered in the alternate market and the price at the time of the open of the next 
Regular Trading Hours session. 
Outtrades shall be resolved in accordance with the procedures below: 
1. 
Straight Out Customer Outtrades 
If a floor broker discovers that all or some portion of a customer order was executed but cannot 
be cleared, the broker shall either 1) re-execute the order in the market and adjust the customer 
by check if the re-execution price is worse than the original execution price, or, if the re-execution 
price is better than the original execution price, the customer is entitled to the better price or 2) 
assign the opposite side of the portion that cannot be cleared to his error account and assign a 
fill to the customer at the execution price.  The floor broker shall not liquidate the assigned 
position until at least ten minutes have elapsed after the execution of the order giving rise to the 
outtrade and the bracket period in which the outtrade occurred has ended; however, these 
liquidation restrictions shall not apply to a liquidation during the post close session.  Any profits 
or losses resulting from the liquidation of the assigned position belong to the floor broker and 
any such profits may be retained or disbursed at his discretion.   
A floor broker who assigns the opposite side of an order pursuant to this rule shall: 1) clearly 
identify all such transactions by appropriate designation; 2) submit such trade information to his 
qualifying clearing member in sufficient time to enable the clearing member to submit the trade 
for the next intra-day reconciliation; 3) document in writing the circumstances surrounding any 
such transaction and promptly provide such documentation to the Market Regulation 
Department upon request; and 4) identify the subsequent liquidation of the assigned trade on 
the floor broker’s trading card or other document. 
2. 
Price Outtrades 
When an outtrade exists due to a price discrepancy, members making the trade may choose to 
resolve the discrepancy by electing either of the two prices in question, if they agree that the 
trade was executed at that price. 
If an outtrade involves a price discrepancy between a local and a broker, and the members 
cannot agree on the price of execution, the price recorded by the broker shall be used to clear 
the trade. 
If an outtrade between locals or an outtrade between brokers involves a price discrepancy, and 
the members cannot agree on the price of execution, the buyer’s price shall be used to clear the 
trade. 
3. 
Quantity Outtrades 
When an outtrade exists due to a quantity discrepancy, members making the trade may choose 
to resolve the discrepancy by electing either of the two quantities in question, if they agree that 
the trade was executed for that quantity. 
If an outtrade between locals involves a quantity discrepancy and the members cannot agree on 
the quantity that was executed, the higher quantity shall be used to clear the trade.  
A broker may assign the opposite side of any quantity which he believes that he has executed, 
but which cannot be cleared, to his error account, pursuant to Section 1 above. 
4. 
Bona Fide Contract Month, Strike, Put vs. Call and Side of Market (Buy vs. Buy or Sell vs. Sell) 
Outtrades 
When an outtrade exists due to a contract month, strike price, side of market, or put/call 
discrepancy, and any party who executed a customer order believes that the order was executed 
in accordance with its instructions, the outtrade may be resolved in any one of the following 
ways: 
a. 
The trade may be busted.  If a broker re-executes his order, any losses incurred by the 
customer as a result of the delay in execution must be adjusted by check.  If the order is 
executed at a more favorable price, the customer is entitled to the better price. 
b. 
The members making the trade(s) may agree to clear either trade or both trades in 
accordance with the members’ recorded trade data. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 18 of 51 
c. 
A broker may assign the opposite side of his order to his error account, pursuant to Section 
1. above, and he may agree to the clearing of the transaction according to the terms of the 
other member’s recorded trade data. 
d. 
If both members involved in the outtrade are brokers, they may each assign the opposite 
side of their respective orders to their error accounts pursuant to Section 1. above. 
A customer shall not be entitled to any portion of any profits realized by a local who was on the 
opposite side of an outtrade between the local and the customer’s broker, as a result of the 
local’s liquidation of his position.  Such profits belong to the local, and may be retained or 
disbursed at his discretion.  If the local chooses to disburse any portion of such profits to the 
broker, and the broker’s customer has received a fill in accordance with the broker’s recorded 
trade data, the broker is not obligated to offer such profits to his customer. 
Nothing herein shall in any way limit a member's right to submit an outtrade to Exchange 
arbitration if the outtrade cannot be resolved by agreement. 
105B527.D.  
Errors and Mishandling of Orders 
If a broker overbuys or oversells for an order, the customer is not entitled to any of the quantity 
executed in excess of the order quantity.  A position that has been established as a result of an 
erroneous execution or mishandling of an order must be placed in the error account of the broker or 
firm responsible for the error or order mishandling.  Any profits resulting from the liquidation of trades 
placed in a broker’s or firm’s error account belong to the relevant broker or firm, and any such profits 
may be retained or disbursed at the broker’s or firm’s discretion.   
1. 
Unfilled or Underfilled Orders 
If a broker fails to execute an order or underbuys or undersells for an order, the broker shall do 
one of the following: 
a. 
Execute the order or the remainder of the order in the market and adjust the customer by 
check if the customer is filled at a price less favorable than that to which he was entitled due 
to the broker’s error or mishandling of the order.  If the order is filled at a more favorable 
price, the customer is entitled to the better price. 
b. 
Execute the order or the remainder of the order in the market.  If the order, or the remainder 
of the order, is filled at a worse price than that to which the customer was entitled but for the 
error or mishandling, the broker may allocate the fill to his error account, pursuant to Section 
C.1. above, provide the customer a fill at the price to which the customer was entitled, and 
place the opposite side of the customer fill into his error account.  If the order is filled at a 
more favorable price, the customer is entitled to the better price. 
2. 
Wrong Contract Month, Wrong Strike, or Wrong Commodity Executions 
When an order has been executed in the wrong contract month, wrong strike price, or wrong 
commodity, and the erroneous transaction has been placed in the relevant broker’s or firm’s 
error account, the error may be corrected by one of the following: 
a. 
Execution of the order in accordance with its terms, with an adjustment to the customer by 
check if the order is executed at a worse price as a result of the error or mishandling of the 
order. 
b. 
Execution of a spread or combination transaction to execute the order and liquidate the 
position arising from the initial erroneous execution of the order, whereby one leg of the 
spread or combination transaction represents the correct execution of the order and the 
other leg offsets the erroneous position in the broker’s or firm’s error account.  The broker 
or firm must clearly identify such transactions by appropriate designation, clearly document 
in writing the circumstances surrounding the nature of the error and promptly provide such 
documentation to the Market Regulation Department upon request. 
3. 
Wrong Side of Market Executions 
When an order has been executed on the wrong side of the market and the erroneous execution 
has been placed in the relevant broker’s or firm’s error account, the order shall be executed in 
accordance with its terms, with an adjustment to the customer by check if the order is executed 
at a worse price as a result of the error or mishandling of the order. 
31B528. 
PRICE REPORTING  
Parties to a pit transaction shall properly notify the designated Exchange official of the price at which 
trades have been consummated.  Both parties to a pit trade are required to ensure that such price is 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 19 of 51 
properly posted.   
Whenever a member makes a trade with another member and such trade constitutes a price 
infraction, he shall 1) immediately break the trade; or 2) satisfy all bids or offers which were adversely 
affected; or 3) adjust the price of the trade to the price which existed when the price infraction 
occurred, provided that both parties agree to adjust the price and the terms of any affected orders 
are satisfied.  
32B529. 
WITHHOLDING ORDERS PROHIBITED 
A Member (as defined in Rule 400), or any person entering orders on the Globex platform, shall not 
withhold or withdraw from the market any order, or any part of an order, for the benefit of any person 
other than the person placing the order.  
3B530. 
PRIORITY OF CUSTOMERS' ORDERS 
A member shall not buy (sell) a futures contract, buy (sell) a call option or sell (buy) a put option for 
his own account, an account in which he has a direct or indirect financial interest, or an account over 
which he has discretionary trading authority when he is in possession of an executable order for 
another person to buy (sell) a futures contract, buy (sell) a call option or sell (buy) a put option in the 
same product, regardless of the venue of execution.  All contract months in a given futures product 
and all options on the futures product, in addition to any corresponding alternative sized (mini or 
micro) futures or options contracts on a given product, shall be considered the same product for the 
purposes of this rule. 
The foregoing shall not apply to DRT orders provided that the customer has previously consented in 
writing and evidence of such general consent is indicated on the order with the “WP” (with permission) 
designation.  In the case of a Floor Broker holding a discretionary order for an account described in 
Rule 547, a "WP" designation on the order shall constitute sufficient evidence of prior consent. 
No person shall enter an order into the Globex platform for his own account, an account in which he 
has a direct or indirect financial interest or an account over which he has discretionary trading 
authority, including, without limitation, an order allowing discretion as to time and price, when such 
person is in possession of any order for another person that the Globex platform is capable of 
accepting.  
34B531. 
TRADING AGAINST CUSTOMERS' ORDERS PROHIBITED 
106B531.A.   
General Prohibition 
No person in possession of a customer order shall knowingly take, directly or indirectly, the opposite 
side of such order for his own account, an account in which he has a direct or indirect financial 
interest, or an account over which he has discretionary trading authority.  
107B531.B.  
Exceptions 
The foregoing restriction shall not apply to the following: 
1. 
Transactions executed in accordance with Rule 527 to resolve bona fide outtrades or errors; 
2. 
Transactions executed pursuant to Rule 538;  
3. 
Block trades executed pursuant to Rule 526;  
4. 
On the Globex platform, a person may knowingly trade against his customer order for his own 
account, an account in which he has a direct or indirect financial interest, an account over which 
he has discretionary trading authority, or a proprietary account of his employer, only if the 
customer order has been entered immediately upon receipt and has first been exposed on the 
Globex platform for a minimum of 5 seconds in the case of futures orders or for a minimum of 
15 seconds in the case of options orders; and  
5. 
If the transaction was pit traded, a person may knowingly trade against his customer order for 
his own account, an account in which he has a direct or indirect financial interest, an account 
over which he has discretionary trading authority, or a proprietary account of his employer, only 
if: (i) the customer has consented in writing to waive the application of Rule 531.A. no more than 
12 months prior to the transaction; (ii) the member complies with the requirements set forth in 
Rule 533 (iii) the member clearly identifies, by appropriate descriptive words, all such 
transactions, and (iv) the member ensures that it is reported to Exchange price reporting staff 
for entry into the Exchange Price Reporting System as a cross trade.   


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 20 of 51 
35B532. 
IMPROPER USE OR DISCLOSURE OF NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION PROHIBITED 
Except as permitted by other Exchange rules, including, but not limited to, Rules 526, 538 and 539, 
no Person shall: 
a. 
Directly or indirectly trade (or enter, cancel, or modify an order) on the basis of material non-
public information when he knows or reasonably should have known the information was 
obtained or disclosed through fraud, deception, or in violation of a pre-existing duty 
(established by law, rule, agreement, understanding, or some other source); 
b. 
Disclose material non-public information when he knows or reasonably should have known 
the disclosure of the information would violate a pre-existing duty (established by law, rule, 
agreement, understanding, or some other source) owed to another, except when the 
disclosure is made to an Exchange official, a permitted government official, or is required 
by law. 
c. 
Solicit or induce another person to disclose material non-public information. 
The mere statement of opinions or general market conditions does not constitute a violation of this 
rule. An order for execution is material and not public information until it has been exposed to the 
market. 
36B533. 
SIMULTANEOUS BUY AND SELL ORDERS FOR DIFFERENT BENEFICIAL OWNERS 
A member who is in possession of both buy and sell orders for different beneficial owners for the 
same product and expiration month, and, for a put or call option, the same strike price, may execute 
such orders for and directly between such beneficial owners provided that in pit trading, a member 
executing such orders shall first bid and offer by open outcry three times at the same price, stating 
the number of contracts, and, thereafter, if neither the bid nor the offer is accepted, the orders may 
be matched in the presence, and with the approval, of a designated Exchange official.   
The member making such transactions shall, by appropriate descriptive words or symbols, clearly 
identify all such transactions on his trading card or other similar record made at the time of the 
execution.  The member executing such trade must ensure that it is reported to Exchange price 
reporting staff for entry into the Exchange Price Reporting System.  Failure to identify the transaction 
to Exchange price reporting staff as a cross trade shall constitute a violation of this rule. 
On the Globex platform, opposite orders for different beneficial owners that are simultaneously 
placed by a party with discretion over both accounts may be entered into the Globex platform 
provided that one order is exposed for a minimum of 5 seconds.  An order allowing for price and/or 
time discretion, if not entered immediately upon receipt, may be knowingly entered opposite another 
order entered by the same firm only if this other order has been entered immediately upon receipt 
and has been exposed on the Globex platform for a minimum of 5 seconds.  
37B534. 
WASH TRADES PROHIBITED 
No person shall place or accept buy and sell orders in the same product and expiration month, and, 
for a put or call option, the same strike price, where the person knows or reasonably should know 
that the purpose of the orders is to avoid taking a bona fide market position exposed to market risk 
(transactions commonly known or referred to as wash sales).  Buy and sell orders for different 
accounts with common beneficial ownership that are entered with the intent to negate market risk or 
price competition shall also be deemed to violate the prohibition on wash trades. Additionally, no 
person shall knowingly execute or accommodate the execution of such orders by direct or indirect 
means.  
38B535. 
RESPONSIBILITY OF FLOOR TRADERS AND FLOOR BROKERS 
Every Floor Trader and Floor Broker shall assist his clearing member in the clearing of his trades.  
Every Floor Trader and Floor Broker must leave contact information with the clearing member 
through which or for which he has traded in order that he may be contacted during the balance of the 
day in the event there is a discrepancy in the clearing of his trades. 
Each Floor Trader and Floor Broker or his designated representative must be available on the trading 
floor to resolve outtrades in contracts in which he executed trades on the previous day no later than 
30 minutes prior to the opening of the relevant market (or at such other times as may be designated 
by Exchange officials).  If the trader or broker or his designated representative is not present during 
such period, the clearing member through which or for which the trader or broker has traded shall be 
authorized to resolve any outtrade in the manner it deems appropriate, but such resolution shall not 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 21 of 51 
be determinative of the liability of any party to the outtrade. 
39B536. 
RECORDKEEPING REQUIREMENTS FOR PIT, GLOBEX, AND NEGOTIATED 
TRADES 
108B536.A.  
General Requirements for Open Outcry Pit Trades 
At the time of execution, it shall be the duty of every member to record each trade made for an 
account the member owns or controls showing the date, price, quantity, product, expiration month, 
bracket symbol, opposite trader, opposite clearing member and, for options, put or call and strike 
price.  Floor brokers executing an order shall record their trading symbol, price, quantity, bracket, 
opposite trader and clearing member.  Trades or order executions must either be recorded on an 
approved electronic device or, if recorded on written records, in non-erasable ink. 
Members must designate on the trading document used to record a trade whether such trade is a 
spread trade and record “D” for single line entry differential spreads and “6” for all other spreads. 
A member may correct any errors on written trading records by crossing out erroneous trade 
information without obliterating or otherwise making illegible any of the originally recorded 
information. 
Each member shall provide his clearing member with any trading documents which are relied upon 
for transactional information necessary for submission to the clearing system containing those trades 
that have been executed thus far during that day.  Trading documents include trading cards of 
members' personal and proprietary trades, trading cards of one member reflecting trades executed 
on behalf of another member and floor order tickets.  Such trading documents must be submitted 
and timestamped no later than 15 minutes after the end of each half-hour interval.  If a broker has 
only partially filled an order at the end of a half-hour period, he does not have to submit the document 
used to record the execution to the appropriate clearing member until the entire order has been filled, 
the unexecuted portion of the order is cancelled, or the market has closed for that contract, whichever 
occurs first. 
In addition, each member must maintain, and is accountable for, all other documents on which 
original trade information is recorded, whether or not such information is subsequently endorsed on 
an order ticket or entered into an approved electronic device.  Trading cards used to record the 
execution of flashed or electronically transmitted orders are not required to have the member’s 
trading symbol pre-printed on them, but such cards must be visually distinct from the pre-printed 
trading cards used by the member to record trades for accounts he owns or controls. 
The correct bracket symbol in accordance with the list below must be recorded for each pit trade.  
Time Intervals 
Bracket Code 
Unknown to data entry operator 
? 
Opening range for each contract 
$ 
Closing range for each contract 
% 
Post Close Session 
# 
7:00:00 a.m. – 7:14:59 a.m. 
A 
7:15:00 a.m. – 7:29:59 a.m. 
B 
7:30:00 a.m. – 7:44:59 a.m. 
C 
7:45:00 a.m. – 7:59:59 a.m. 
D 
8:00:00 a.m. – 8:14:59 a.m. 
E 
8:15:00 a.m. – 8:29:59 a.m. 
F 
8:30:00 a.m. – 8:44:59 a.m. 
G 
8:45:00 a.m. – 8:59:59 a.m. 
H 
9:00:00 a.m. – 9:14:59 a.m. 
I 
9:15:00 a.m. – 9:29:59 a.m. 
J 
9:30:00 a.m. – 9:44:59 a.m. 
K 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 22 of 51 
Time Intervals 
Bracket Code 
9:45:00 a.m. – 9:59:59 a.m. 
L 
10:00:00 a.m. – 10:14:59 a.m. 
M 
10:15:00 a.m. – 10:29:59 a.m. 
N 
10:30:00 a.m. – 10:44:59 a.m. 
O 
10:45:00 a.m. – 10:59:59 a.m. 
P 
11:00:00 a.m. – 11:14:59 a.m. 
Q 
11:15:00 a.m. – 11:29:59 a.m. 
R 
11:30:00 a.m. – 11:44:59 a.m. 
S 
11:45:00 a.m. – 11:59:59 a.m. 
T 
12:00:00 p.m. – 12:14:59 p.m. 
V 
12:15:00 p.m. – 12:29:59 p.m. 
W 
12:30:00 p.m. – 12:44:59 p.m. 
X 
12:45:00 p.m. – 12:59:59 p.m. 
Y 
1:00:00 p.m. – 1:14:59 p.m. 
Z 
1:15:00 p.m. – 1:29:59 p.m. 
2 
1:30:00 p.m. – 1:44:59 p.m. 
3 
1:45:00 p.m. – 1:59:59 p.m. 
4 
2:00:00 p.m. – 2:14:59 p.m. 
5 
2:15:00 p.m. – 2:29:59 p.m. 
6 
2:30:00 p.m. – 2:44:59 p.m. 
7 
2:45:00 p.m. – 2:59:59 p.m. 
8 
3:00:00 p.m. – 3:15:00 p.m. 
9 
Trades that are not recorded contemporaneously due to an error or an outtrade shall be recorded on 
the member’s next pre-printed, sequentially numbered trading card.  If the trade is not recorded in 
sequence, the member must cross out the pre-printed sequence number and write “9999” on the 
card.  In any situation where someone other than the member is resolving a member’s outtrades, the 
outtrade clerk or broker’s clerk may use a blank card and write “9999” on the card to denote that it is 
out of sequence.  The person resolving the outtrade for a member must initial the card. 
Firms must enter an “E” into the order type field to identify any errors placed into a firm error account.  
1. 
Customer Orders 
At the time of execution, every order received from a customer must be in the form of a written or 
electronic record and include an electronic timestamp reflecting the date and time such order was 
received on the floor of the Exchange and, except as provided in Section C., must identify the specific 
account(s) for which the order was placed.  Such record shall also include an electronic timestamp 
reflecting the date and time such order was modified, returned, confirmed or cancelled. 
Upon request, a clearing firm must provide its broker, in an expeditious and reasonable manner, with 
a copy of every floor order such broker is asked to execute. 
2. 
Individual Member Orders 
 
a. 
A member on the trading floor who enters an order with another member shall record the 
order instructions and the time of placement to the nearest minute in sequence with the 
other trades recorded on his pre-sequenced trading cards, unless such order is immediately 
entered into an approved electronic device or recorded pursuant to Section 2.b. below.  
Orders that involve options-futures combinations and other spread trades where the 
initiating member personally executes at least one leg of the spread shall not be subject to 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 23 of 51 
this requirement. 
 
 
The member executing the order must record the time of execution to the nearest minute 
for each execution made for the order on the trading card or other document used to record 
the trade(s) and must return this card or document to the initiating member. 
 
 
The trading card used to record the placement of the flashed or verbal order and any trading 
card or document used to record the execution of the order must be submitted together to 
the clearing member by the member placing the order or his representative. 
 
b. 
Every written order that is initiated by a member for his own account while on the trading 
floor must include an electronic timestamp reflecting the date and time such order was 
transmitted for execution and when such order was modified, returned, confirmed or 
cancelled. 
 
c. 
A member or his employee standing in a trading pit receiving an order directly over a 
headset for pit execution from an off-floor member for his account must simultaneously 
make a written record of the order on a trading card or other document including the 
identification of the member calling in the order unless such order is immediately entered 
into an approved electronic device.  The member executing the order must record the time 
of execution to the nearest minute for each execution made for the order on any trading 
card or other document used to record the trade(s) and must return this card or document 
to the initiating member’s clearing member. 
3. 
Proprietary Orders of Clearing Members and Certain Member Entities 
Upon receipt on the floor of the Exchange, an order placed for the proprietary account of a member 
firm must be in the form of a written or electronic record that includes an electronic timestamp 
reflecting the date and time such order was received on the floor and must identify the specific 
account(s) for which the order was placed.  Such record shall also include an electronic timestamp 
reflecting the date and time such order was modified, returned, confirmed or cancelled. 
Orders placed by an employee of a member firm for its proprietary account that are entered directly 
to the pit via headset with another employee of the member firm do not require a written and 
timestamped order ticket provided that the order is executed by a member employee of the member 
firm and such member records the time of execution to the nearest minute for each execution made 
for the order on the trading card or other document used to record the trade(s).   
4. 
Trades Made by Members for Accounts Owned or Controlled by Such Member 
Each member executing transactions on the trading floor for such member’s personal account or an 
account controlled by such member who uses trading cards as the original record of such 
transactions must use pre-printed sequentially pre-numbered trading cards.  A new trading card must 
be used at the beginning of each time bracket. 
Each member who uses such trading cards must record the transactions in non-erasable ink in exact 
chronological order of execution on sequential lines of the trading card, and no lines may be skipped.  
Any lines that remain after the last execution recorded on a trading card must be marked through.  
All transactions which are recorded on a single trading card must be recorded on the same side of 
such trading card.  No more than six transactions may be recorded on each trading card.  Trading 
card sequence numbers must be unique during a one-week period. 
The trading cards must contain pre-printed member identification which will include, but will not be 
limited to, the trading acronym and the full name of the member.  The trading cards must also contain 
preprinted bracket designations. 
Members who use an approved electronic device to record their trades, whether as an original record, 
or subsequent to recording their trades on trading cards, must record their trades on the device in 
the exact sequence in which they were executed and must ensure that the correct time bracket is 
entered for each transaction. 
Members trading for an account they own or control shall be accountable for their pre-printed 
sequentially numbered trading cards, including those cards which are unused or voided.  
109B536.B.  
Globex Order Entry 
1. 
General Requirement 
Each Globex Terminal Operator entering orders into Globex shall accurately input for each 
Application Message all fields required to be populated by the CME iLink® Message Specifications 
set forth in the CME Group Client Systems Wiki in effect at the time, including, but not limited to the: 
operator ID; price; quantity; product; expiration month; CTI code; manual order indicator; and account 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 24 of 51 
number (except as provided in Section C), and, for options, put or call and strike price. The Globex 
Terminal Operator’s operator ID must be present on each Application Message, including order 
messages, submitted to Globex. For a Globex Terminal Operator with access pursuant to Rule 
574, t h e  clearing member that guarantees such 
access to Globex will be responsible for the 
Globex Terminal Operator’s compliance with this rule with respect to the following fields: operator ID, 
CTI code, manual order indicator and account number. Notwithstanding, and in accordance with Rule 
574, a clearing member must take appropriate action if it has actual or constructive knowledge that a 
Globex Terminal Operator has failed to accurately input for each Application Message fields required 
to be populated by this rule.  
With respect to orders received by a Globex Terminal Operator which are capable of being 
immediately entered into Globex, no record other than that set forth above need be made.  However, 
if a Globex Terminal Operator receives an order which cannot be immediately entered into Globex, 
the Globex Terminal Operator must prepare a written order and include the account designation, 
date, time of receipt and other information required pursuant to section A.1. above. The order must 
be entered into Globex when it becomes executable. 
2. 
Electronic Audit Trail Requirements for Electronic Order Routing/Front-End Systems 
Entities certified by the Exchange to connect an order routing/front-end system to the Globex platform 
through the CME iLink® gateway are responsible for ensuring that an audit trail of each message 
entered into Globex is created.  Clearing members guaranteeing a connection to Globex are 
responsible for maintaining or causing to be maintained the electronic audit trail for such systems. 
This electronic audit trail must be maintained for a minimum of 5 years, and clearing members must 
have the ability to produce this data in a standard format upon request of Market Regulation.  
Each such electronic audit trail must be complete and accurate and account for every electronic 
communication such system sends to or receives from Globex.  
This electronic audit trail must contain all order entry, order modification, and Globex response receipt 
times to the highest level of precision achievable by the operating system, but at least to the 
millisecond. The times captured must not be able to be modified by the person entering the order. 
The data must also contain all required information and fields which include, but is not limited to, the 
following:  
a record of all fields relating to order entry, including transaction date, product, Exchange code, 
expiration month, quantity, order type, order qualifier, price, buy/sell indicator, stop/trigger price, order 
number, unique transaction number, account number, session ID, operator ID, manual order 
indicator, self-match prevention ID where applicable, host order number, trader order number, 
clearing member, type of action, action status code, customer type indicator, origin, and timestamps. 
For executed orders, the audit trail must record the execution time of the trade along with all fill 
information.  
In the case where the guaranteeing Clearing Firm has a direct connect client that is another Clearing 
Firm or an Equity Member Firm, the Clearing Firm may notify the client Clearing Firm or Equity 
Member Firm that it is their obligation to maintain the electronic audit trail. Upon execution of this 
written notice, it shall be the duty of the client Clearing Firm or Equity Member Firm to maintain an 
electronic audit trail pursuant to this rule. Nothing herein relieves any of the above-referenced firms 
from compliance with the applicable recordkeeping provisions of CFTC Regulations, including 
Regulation 1.31 or 1.35. 
10B536.C.  
Bunched Orders and Orders Eligible for Post Execution Allocation 
Bunched orders must be allocated and recorded in accordance with CFTC Regulation 1.35(b) and 
the NFA’s Interpretive Notice related to Compliance Rule 2-10. 
A bunched order for pit execution does not require the specific account number to be recorded at the 
time of order placement or upon the report of execution provided that 1) the order is being placed by 
an eligible account manager for multiple accounts eligible for post execution allocation or 2) a written, 
pre-determined allocation scheme has been provided to the futures commission merchant accepting 
or clearing the order prior to the time the order has been placed.  Additionally, at the time of receipt 
on the trading floor, bunched orders that do not contain specific account numbers must contain a 
series, group, or suspense account indicator which relates directly to the group of accounts for which 
the order has been placed.  A bunched order may be initially cleared into a suspense account 
provided that the final account-specific allocations are submitted to the clearing system no later than 
the end of each trading day. 
Bunched orders for non-discretionary accounts may be entered for pit execution; however, only the 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 25 of 51 
following order types may be bunched: Market on Open, Market on Close, same priced Limit Orders 
and same priced Stop Orders. Such non-discretionary orders may only be bunched in the following 
instances: 
a.  Each order underlying the bunched order must be reduced to writing and include the 
 
information required pursuant to Section A.1. above;  
b.  Allocation of the executions for the bunched orders must be fair and equitable in accordance 
 
with the NFA’s Interpretive Notice related to Compliance Rule 2-10; and  
c.  In circumstances where the order is bunched in a member firm’s sales office, the party accepting 
the order must, contemporaneously with the order placement, transmit the individual account 
numbers and quantities associated with the bunched order to the clearing member firm. Such 
transmission shall be maintained by the clearing member firm along with the bunched order.  
With respect to bunched Globex orders, such orders may be entered using a series designation or 
suspense account number provided that 1) the order is being placed by an eligible account manager 
for multiple accounts eligible for post execution allocation or 2) a written, pre-determined allocation 
scheme that defines the series has been provided to the futures commission merchant accepting or 
clearing the order prior to the time that such order is entered.  In the latter case, if such information 
has not been provided to the futures commission merchant prior to the time of order entry, each 
specific account number must be entered into Globex.  Additionally, for all such bunched orders 
executed on Globex, the final account specific allocations must be submitted to the clearing system 
no later than the end of each trading day. 
1B536.D.  
Customer Type Indicator (CTI) Codes 
Each clearing member must identify each transaction 1) executed on the trading floor, 2) executed 
on the Globex platform or 3) privately negotiated as a block trade pursuant to Rule 526 or an EFRP 
pursuant to Rule 538 on the record of the transaction submitted to the Exchange with the correct 
customer type indicator (CTI) code. The CTI codes are as follows:  
CTI 1: Electronic Trading, Open Outcry and Privately Negotiated – Applies to transactions initiated 
and executed by an individual member for his own account, for an account he controls, or for an 
account in which he has an ownership or financial interest. However, transactions initiated and 
executed by a member for the proprietary account of a member firm must be designated as CTI 2 
transactions.  
CTI 2: Electronic Trading, Open Outcry and Privately Negotiated – Applies to orders entered or trades 
executed for the proprietary accounts of a member firm, including Rule 106.H., I., N., R. and S. firms.  
CTI 3: Electronic Trading – Applies to orders entered by a member or a nonmember terminal operator 
for the account of another individual member or an account controlled by such other individual 
member.  
CTI 3: Open Outcry and Privately Negotiated – Applies to orders that a member executes on behalf 
of another individual member, or for an account such other member controls or in which such other 
member has an ownership or financial interest.  
CTI 4: Electronic Trading, Open Outcry and Privately Negotiated – Applies to all orders and 
transactions not included in CTI categories 1, 2 or 3. These typically are orders entered by or on 
behalf of nonmember entities.  
12B536.E. 
 
Negotiated Trades 
At the time of execution, every order received from a customer for execution pursuant to Rule 526 
(“Block Trades”) and Rule 538 (“Exchange for Related Positions”) must be in the form of a written 
or electronic record and include an electronic timestamp reflecting the date and time such order 
was received, and must identify the specific account(s) for which the order was placed.  Such 
record shall also include an electronic timestamp reflecting the date and time such order was 
modified, returned, confirmed or cancelled.  
13B536.F. 
 
Audit Trail Violations 
With the exception of the specific audit trail violations set forth below, a member’s failure to comply 
with any provision of this Rule may result in the imposition of summary penalties by the Market 
Regulation Department pursuant to the provisions of Rule 512. 
Computerized Trade Reconstruction (“CTR”) Monthly Enforcement Program 
The CTR threshold levels for members with 100 or more transactions per month are as 
follows: 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 26 of 51 
Exception Type  
 
 
Threshold Level 
 
Bracket Exceptions 
 
 
8% and above 
 
Time of Execution for 
Verbal Orders  
 
 
8% and above 
 
Sequence Errors  
 
 
8% and above 
 
A letter of warning shall be issued for a first occurrence of exceeding any threshold.  Subsequent 
occurrences within 12 months of exceeding a threshold shall result in automatic fines starting at 
$1,000, and then increasing to $2,500 and $5,000 for each subsequent occurrence.  Fifth and 
subsequent offenses within a 12 month period will be referred to the Chief Regulatory Officer for 
consideration of charges. 
A member will have 15 days after receipt of a letter of warning or a fine to present evidence to the 
Market Regulation Department in support of having the letter of warning or fine dismissed showing 
that administrative, clerical, or other errors by the clearing firm caused the member to exceed the 
threshold level. If the member does not submit such evidence, or if the Market Regulation Department 
determines that the evidence submitted is insufficient to reduce the percentage below the threshold 
level, the letter of warning or fine shall be final and may not be appealed. 
The monthly CTR threshold for timestamp exceptions for firms with 1,000 or more transactions per 
month is 8% and above. A letter of warning shall be issued for a first occurrence of exceeding the 
threshold. Subsequent occurrences within 12 months of exceeding the threshold shall result in 
automatic fines starting at $1,500 for the second occurrence, then increasing to $5,000 and $10,000 
for each subsequent occurrence.  
A firm will have 15 days after receipt of a letter of warning or a fine to present evidence to the Market 
Regulation Department in support of having the letter of warning or fine dismissed. If the firm does 
not submit such evidence, or if the Market Regulation Department determines that the evidence 
submitted is insufficient to reduce the percentage below the threshold level, the letter of warning or 
fine shall be final and may not be appealed. 
CTR Clearing Member Back Office Audit Enforcement Program 
The Market Regulation Department will conduct audits of clearing members to verify that required 
audit trail information has been accurately recorded and submitted. The CTR audit threshold level 
for firms failing to pick up and timestamp sequenced cards, verbal order cards and floor orders is 
20%. The threshold for all other firm audit trail or recordkeeping deficiencies is 10%. 
Percentage calculations will be made based on an examination of a combination of sequenced cards, 
verbal orders and floor orders totaling 150 documents. The number of documents containing a 
deficiency(ies) will be divided by the total number of documents examined in determining the 
deficiency percentage. 
Violations of each threshold within 24 months shall be subject to automatic fines starting at $2,500 
for a first occurrence, then increasing to $5,000 and $10,000 for each subsequent occurrence.  
A firm will have 15 days after receipt of a fine to present evidence to the Market Regulation 
Department in support of having the fine dismissed. If the firm does not submit such evidence, or if 
the Market Regulation Department determines that the evidence submitted is insufficient to reduce 
the percentage below the threshold level, the fine shall be final and may not be appealed. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section, the Market Regulation Department may, at any time, 
refer matters that it deems egregious to the Chief Regulatory Officer for consideration of charges. 
14B536.G.  
Telephone Recordings  
Unless specifically exempted by the Market Regulation Department or designated Exchange staff, 
all headset communications used in and around trading pits on the trading floor must be voice 
recorded.  Members and member firms are permitted to utilize their own recording devices, provided 
that the devices meet reasonable standards with respect to quality and reliability.  Alternatively, 
members and member firms may utilize an Exchange administered voice recording system for a fee. 
536.H.  
Retention of Records 
Each member and member firm and employees of the foregoing must keep full, complete and 
systematic records, including records created or transmitted electronically, together with all pertinent 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 27 of 51 
data and memoranda, of all transactions relating to its business of dealing in commodity interests 
and related cash or forward transactions in accordance with CFTC Regulation 1.35.  Written and 
electronic records must be retained for a minimum of five years in permanent form.  Oral 
communications required to be recorded pursuant to CFTC Regulation 1.35(a) must be retained for 
a minimum of one year past the date on which the oral communication occurred.  Oral 
communications recorded by the Exchange pursuant to Section G. will be maintained by the 
Exchange for a minimum of one year past the date on which the oral communication occurred. 
All records required to be retained shall at all times be open to inspection by Exchange staff or any 
representative of the CFTC or the United States Department of Justice. 
40B537. 
DATA SUBMITTED TO THE EXCHANGE 
a)  Subject to each market participant's rights with respect to its own data, the Exchange shall own 
all rights, title and interest, database rights and trade secret rights in and to all trade data and related 
information submitted in connection with trading on the Exchange, and which is not collected or 
received for the purpose of fulfilling regulatory obligations. The Exchange has the exclusive right to 
use, distribute, sub-license, disclose and sell anonymized trade data and derivative works in any 
manner, media and jurisdiction. Market participants shall not redistribute trade data or derivative 
works based thereon unless licensed by the Exchange. The restriction on redistribution shall not 
apply to a market participant's own data.   
b) Proprietary data or personal information collected or received by the Exchange for the purpose of 
fulfilling regulatory obligations shall not be disclosed publicly other than on an aggregated or 
anonymized basis, or in a manner that does not directly or indirectly identify any market participant 
who has submitted such data. Regulatory data may not be used by the Exchange for business or 
marketing purposes unless the market participant has clearly consented to the use of such data in 
such manner.  Access to the Exchange will not be conditioned upon a market participant's consent 
to data collected or received for the purpose of fulfilling regulatory obligations being used for business 
or marketing purposes.  Nothing in this Rule shall preclude the Exchange from disclosing data 
pursuant to a valid subpoena or court order, or as otherwise required by law.   
41B538. 
EXCHANGE FOR RELATED POSITIONS 
An Exchange for Related Position (“EFRP”) transaction involves a privately negotiated off-exchange 
execution of an Exchange futures or options contract and, on the opposite side of the market, the 
simultaneous execution of an equivalent quantity of the cash product, by-product, related product, or 
OTC derivative instrument corresponding to the asset underlying the Exchange contract. 
The following types of EFRP transactions are permitted to be executed outside of the Exchange’s 
centralized market in accordance with the requirements of this rule:   
Exchange of Futures for Physical (“EFP”) – the simultaneous execution of an Exchange futures 
contract and a corresponding physical transaction or a forward contract on a physical 
transaction.  
Exchange of Futures for Risk (“EFR”) – the simultaneous execution of an Exchange futures 
contract and a corresponding OTC swap or other OTC derivative transaction. 
Exchange of Option for Option (“EOO”) – the simultaneous execution of an Exchange option 
contract and a corresponding transaction in an OTC option.  
For purposes of this rule, EFPs, EFRs and EOOs shall collectively be referred to as EFRP 
transactions.   
538.A.  
Parties to an EFRP 
One party to the EFRP must be the buyer of the Exchange contract and the seller of (or the holder 
of the short market exposure associated with) the related position; the other party to the EFRP must 
be the seller of the Exchange contract and the buyer of (or the holder of the long market exposure 
associated with) the related position.  The Exchange contract and the corresponding related position 
must be executed for accounts with the same beneficial ownership. 
A third party may facilitate, as principal, the related position component of an EFRP on behalf of a 
customer.  Except for immediately offsetting foreign currency EFPs executed pursuant to Section K., 
such third party must be able to demonstrate that the related position was passed through to the 
customer who received the Exchange contract as part of the EFRP. 
Specifically with respect to the execution of immediately offsetting foreign currency EFPs pursuant 
to Section K. by CTAs, account controllers, or other Persons acting on behalf of another party, the 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 28 of 51 
initiating and offsetting cash legs are not required to be passed through to the customer who received 
the Exchange contract as part of the EFRP.  However, in a circumstance where the futures leg of the 
transaction fails to clear, the underlying customer must receive the profit or loss, if any, attendant to 
the offset of the offsetting cash leg. 
Parties to an EFR or EOO transaction must comply with all relevant CFTC regulations governing 
eligibility to participate in the related position component of such transactions. 
538.B.  
Independently Controlled Accounts 
The opposing accounts to an EFRP transaction must be (a) independently controlled accounts with 
different beneficial ownership; (b) independently controlled accounts of separate legal entities with 
common beneficial ownership; or (c) independently controlled accounts of the same legal 
entity, provided that the account controllers operate in separate business units.   
For EFRP transactions between accounts with common beneficial ownership, the parties to the trade 
must be able to demonstrate the independent control of the accounts and that the transaction had 
economic substance for each party to the trade. 
538.C.  
Related Position 
The related position component of an EFRP must be the cash commodity underlying the Exchange 
contract or a by-product, a related product or an OTC derivative instrument of such commodity that 
has a reasonable degree of price correlation to the commodity underlying the Exchange contract.  
The related position component of an EFRP may not be a futures contract or an option on a futures 
contract.   
Each EFRP requires a bona fide transfer of ownership of the underlying asset between the parties 
or a bona fide, legally binding contract between the parties consistent with relevant market 
conventions for the particular related position transaction.   
The execution of an EFRP transaction may not be contingent upon the execution of another EFRP 
or related position transaction between the parties where the transactions result in the offset of the 
related position without the incurrence of market risk that is material in the context of the related 
position transactions.  
The facilitation of the execution of an EFRP by any party that knows such EFRP is non bona fide 
shall constitute a violation of this Rule.  
538.D.  
EFPs in Connection with Inventory Financing of Storable, Non-Financial 
 
Commodities 
A party providing inventory financing for a storable agricultural, energy or metals commodity may, 
through the execution of an EFP, purchase the commodity and sell the equivalent quantity of futures 
contracts to a counterparty, and grant to the counterparty the non-transferable right, but not the 
obligation, to execute a second EFP during a specified time period in the future which will have the 
effect of reversing the original EFP.  
538.E. 
 
Quantity Equivalence 
The quantity of the related position component of the EFRP must be approximately equivalent to the 
quantity of the Exchange component of the EFRP.  Appropriate hedge ratios between the Exchange 
and related position components of the EFRP may be used to establish equivalency.   
538.F. 
 
Prices and Price Increments 
The Exchange component of the EFRP transaction must be priced in accordance with the applicable 
futures price increments or option premium increments as set forth in the rules governing the 
Exchange contract.   
EFRPs may be transacted at such commercially reasonable prices as are mutually agreed upon by 
the parties to the transaction.  EFRPs may not be priced to facilitate the transfer of funds between 
parties for any purpose other than as the consequence of legitimate commercial activity.  
538.G.  
EFRPs Following the Termination of Trading in Exchange Contracts 
EFRP transactions in certain Exchange contracts may be executed for a defined period of time 
following the termination of trading in accordance with the applicable product rules governing each 
Exchange contract.  Such transactions may be executed only to liquidate Exchange positions.    
538.H.  
Recordkeeping 
Parties to an EFRP transaction must maintain all records relevant to the Exchange contract and the 
related position transaction, including order tickets, records customarily generated in accordance 
with relevant market practices, records reflecting payments between the parties and, where 
appropriate, transfer of title, as well as any other records required to be kept pursuant to CFTC 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 29 of 51 
Regulation 1.35.  Brokers who facilitate EFRP transactions must maintain all records corresponding 
to their facilitation of the transactions.   
Records related to EFRP transactions must be provided to the Exchange upon request. It shall be 
the responsibility of the carrying clearing member firm to obtain and submit the requested records of 
their clients to the Exchange on a timely basis.   
538.I. 
 
Submission to the Clearing House 
Each EFRP transaction shall be submitted to the Clearing House within the time period and in the 
manner specified by the Exchange and the Clearing House.  In all cases, the record submitted to the 
Clearing House must reflect the correct EFRP transaction type and must reflect the accurate date 
and time at which the relevant terms of the transaction were agreed upon by the parties to the trade.    
An EFRP transaction submitted to the Clearing House shall not be considered accepted by the 
Clearing House until the transaction has cleared and the first payment of settlement variation and 
performance bond has been confirmed. 
538.J. 
 
EFRP Volumes Required to be Reported with Daily Large Trader Positions 
Each clearing member, omnibus account and foreign broker responsible for submitting daily large 
trader positions in accordance with Rule 561 must submit for each reportable account the EFRP 
volume bought and sold in the reportable instrument.  This information must be included in the daily 
Large Trader report to the Exchange. 
538.K.  
Immediately Offsetting EFPs in Foreign Currency Futures   
EFPs in foreign currency futures wherein the parties immediately offset the cash transaction are 
permitted and the Exchange would expect to see confirmation statements issued by the bank/foreign 
exchange dealer party to the Transaction.  These confirmation statements should be the type 
normally produced by the bank/foreign exchange dealer for confirmation of currency deals and 
should indicate, by name, the identity of the counter party principal to the Transaction.  However, in 
circumstances where the EFP Transaction is between a bank/foreign exchange dealer and a CTA, 
account controller, or other Person acting on behalf of a third party (such as a commodity pool or 
fund), the cash side confirmation statement must identify, at minimum, the name of the third party’s 
Carrying Clearing Member and the third party’s account number (or other account specific 
designation), but need not identify the third party by name.  These transactions are only permissible 
as EFPs in foreign currency futures and not in any other asset class or in EFRs or EOOs in foreign 
currency futures. 
42B539. 
PREARRANGED, PRE-NEGOTIATED AND NONCOMPETITIVE TRADES 
PROHIBITED 
15B539.A.  
General Prohibition 
No person shall prearrange or pre-negotiate any purchase or sale or noncompetitively execute any 
transaction, except in accordance with Sections B. and C. below.  
16B539.B.  
Exceptions 
The foregoing restriction shall not apply to block trades pursuant to Rule 526 or Exchange for Related 
Positions transactions pursuant to Rule 538.  
17B539.C.  
Pre-Execution Communications Regarding Globex Trades  
Parties may engage in pre-execution communications with regard to transactions executed on the 
Globex platform where one party (the first party) wishes to be assured that a contra party (the second 
party) will take the opposite side of the order under the following circumstances:   
1. 
A party may not engage in pre-execution communications with other market participants on 
behalf of another party unless the party for whose benefit the trade is being made has previously 
consented to permit such communications.   
2. 
Parties to pre-execution communications shall not (i) disclose to a non-party the details of such 
communications or (ii) enter an order to take advantage of information conveyed during such 
communications except in accordance with this rule. 
3. 
Permissible Entry Methods for Orders  
The following order entry methods for futures, options, spreads and combinations vary by 
product, as set forth in the Rule 539.C. Crossing Protocols Table (“Table”) in the Interpretations 
Section at the end of Chapter 5. 
a. 
Globex Cross (“G-Cross”) 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 30 of 51 
The first party’s order is entered into the Globex platform first.  The second party’s order 
may not be entered into the Globex platform until a period of 5 seconds has elapsed from 
the time of entry of the first order. 
b.  Agency Cross (“A-Cross”) 
 
 
A Cross Sequence (“CS”) is used by a broker to enter the buy and the sell orders into 
Globex.  Following the pre-execution communication, a Request for Quote (“RFQ”) for the 
particular futures, options, spread or combination is entered into the Globex platform. 
Thereafter, a Cross Sequence, which is defined as the entry of a day-limit order followed 
immediately by the entry of a day-fill-and-kill order, must be entered into the Globex platform 
no less than fifteen (15) seconds and no more than thirty (30) seconds after the entry of the 
RFQ in order to proceed with the trade. The first party’s order must be entered first, as a 
day-limit order, followed immediately by the entry of the second order as a day-fill-and-kill 
order.  The CS must occur within the same trading session.  Failure to enter the buy and 
sell orders within 30 seconds after the entry of the RFQ will require a new CS to be initiated 
in order to proceed with the trade.  
 
 
c. 
Committed Cross (“C-Cross”) 
 
 
Following the pre-execution communication, a Request for Cross (“RFC”) order which 
contains both the buy and the sell orders must be entered into the Globex platform. Upon 
entry of the RFC, the Globex platform will display an indication that a cross will occur in five 
(5) seconds.  In certain products as set forth in the Table in the Interpretations Section at 
the end of Chapter 5, a certain percentage of the quantity on the RFC will cross if the price 
of the RFC represents a new best price level or if the price of the RFC is equal to the best 
bid or offer and the quantity of the RFC is greater than the quantity at that current best bid 
or offer at the time of submission of the RFC to the Globex platform and a better price for 
either the buy or sell order has not been entered into the Globex platform during the five (5) 
second period between entry of the RFC and the cross occurring.    
d. 
RFQ + RFC Cross (“R-Cross”) 
 
Following the pre-execution communication, a Request for Quote (“RFQ”) for the particular 
futures, options spread or combination must be entered into Globex. Thereafter, the RFC 
order must be entered no less than fifteen (15) seconds and no more than thirty (30) 
seconds after the entry of the RFQ in order to proceed with the trade, except the RFC order 
in Dairy futures and options must be entered no less than five (5) seconds and no more 
than thirty (30) seconds after the entry of the RFQ. The RFQ and the RFC order must be 
entered within the same trading session. Failure to enter the RFC order within 30 seconds 
after the entry of the RFQ will require a new RFQ to be entered prior to the entry of the RFC 
order, which must be entered in accordance with the time parameters described above in 
order to proceed with the trade. 
43B540. 
RESPONSIBILITY FOR CUSTOMER ORDERS 
18B540.A.  
Standard of Responsibility 
A Member (as defined in Rule 400) shall exercise due diligence in the handling and execution of 
customer orders.  Failure to act with due diligence shall constitute negligence.  In the case of a 
dispute as to whether a Member has exercised due diligence, the appropriate arbitration or 
disciplinary committee is authorized to determine whether the Member was negligent and, if so, 
whether an adjustment is due to the customer.  The committee may take into consideration the nature 
of the order and existing market conditions, including the existence of a "fast market" (a designation 
invoked to reflect rapid price changes and volatile market conditions in the pit), at the time the 
Member acted or failed to act.  However, no market condition nullifies a Member's responsibility to 
exercise due diligence. 
A Member is prohibited from directly or indirectly guaranteeing the execution of an order or any of its 
terms such as the quantity or price.  A Member may only report an execution that has occurred as a 
result of open outcry, has been effected through the Globex platform, or has been executed as a 
permissible privately negotiated transaction.  This rule shall not be construed to prevent a Member 
from assuming or sharing in the losses resulting from an error or the mishandling of an order.  
19B540.B.  
Liability for Negligence 
A Member may not adjust the price at which an order was executed or be held responsible for 
executing or failing to execute an order unless such Member was negligent or is settling a bona-fide 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 31 of 51 
dispute regarding negligence. 
A member firm may not compel an adjustment from a Member in the absence of a bona-fide dispute 
regarding negligence. 
Clearing members shall document all adjustments.  Clearing members shall make and retain a record 
which contains the date the adjustment was received, the name of the Member making the 
adjustment, the account to which the adjustment was credited, the amount of the adjustment, the 
order number and the reason for the adjustment.  Such records must be provided to the Market 
Regulation Department upon request.  
4B541. 
[RESERVED] 
45B542. 
SIMULTANEOUS SPREAD AND COMBINATION TRANSACTIONS 
A. All spread or combination transactions in which all sides are acquired simultaneously must be 
for the same account or accounts with the same ownership, except as provided by Rule 527.  
Each of the respective legs of the spread or combination transaction must be priced within the 
daily price limits for those contracts that have limits. 
 
 
Spread or combination transactions shall not set off conditional orders in any contract except for 
an identical spread or combination conditional order.  All simultaneous spread or combination 
transactions must be reported to a designated Exchange official who shall record and publish 
the differentials or combination prices in addition to the quantities of such trades.  The brokers 
executing any spread or combination transaction must maintain a record of the transaction in 
accordance with Rule 536. 
 
For the purposes of this rule, a whole integer price is an option price that is divisible by one tick 
without remainder (e.g., one tick, two ticks, three ticks, etc.).  For the purposes of this rule, a 
non-integer tick price is an option price that is not divisible by one tick without remainder (i.e., 
one-half tick or cabinet, one and one-half ticks, and two and one-half ticks).  In addition, the rule 
in an option's contract specifications defining that given option contract's minimum fluctuations 
also defines that option contract's whole integer and non-integer tick prices for the purposes of 
this rule. 
 
Spread or combination transactions involving options on interest rate futures contracts trading 
at non-integer tick prices other than those transactions explicitly defined in this rule are not 
allowed. 
B. Any spread or combination transaction involving cabinet options may trade, provided that the 
traded price of the combination is zero, cabinet, or 1 tick, as defined by that product’s minimum 
fluctuations. 
 
For the purposes of this rule, a cabinet option is an option trading at a price of one-half tick 
(except for options on Three–Month Euroyen futures), and a one-tick option is an option trading 
at a price of one tick.  In addition, the rule in an option's contract specifications defining that 
given option contract's minimum fluctuations also defines that option contract's one-tick price 
and one-half tick price for the purposes of this rule.  Also, the rule in an option's contract 
specifications defining that given option contract's underlying futures contract also defines that 
underlying futures contract for the purposes of this rule. 
 
Spread or combination transactions involving cabinet options other than those transactions 
explicitly defined in this rule are not allowed. 
C. [Reserved] 
D. Trading is allowed in simultaneous spread or combination transactions involving options on FX 
futures contracts trading at whole integer and non–integer tick prices, subject to the conditions 
applying to other spread or combination transactions and also subject to the following 
respective additional conditions:  
1. Spread and combination transactions may trade at a non–integer tick price provided that the 
net absolute price differential or aggregate combination price, as applicable, is five ticks or 
less. 
2. Conversion and reversal transactions involving the purchase and sale of options and futures 
are also allowed to trade at one–half tick provided that each component futures is assigned an 
integer price. 
E. [Reserved] 
F. 
On Globex, spread or combination transactions shall be made by inputting the spread differential 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 32 of 51 
or combination price into the Globex system. 
 
For combinations traded on Globex in price terms, the Exchange will allocate the combination 
trade price among the individual options in the combination for clearing purposes.  
543. 
 
RESTRICTIONS ON ACCESS FOR SANCTIONED PARTIES AND JURISDICTIONS 
The following parties (defined individually as a “Sanctioned Party” and collectively as “Sanctioned 
Parties”) are not permitted to access the Exchange, whether directly or indirectly: parties that are (i) 
identified on the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List of the U.S. Department of 
the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”) (“Restricted Persons”), (ii) 50% or more 
owned by Restricted Persons, (iii) located in a country or territory subject to comprehensive economic 
sanctions administered by OFAC (“Restricted Country or Territory ” or “Restricted Countries or 
Territories”), (iv) owned or controlled by the governments of Restricted Countries or Territories, (v) 
subject to OFAC restrictions where such restriction prohibits a specific activity which would  in turn 
prohibit the party from trading on the Exchange or settling a transaction at the Exchange, (vi) subject 
to restrictions administered or imposed by a state or government authority authorized to issue 
economic sanctions and blocking measures that has jurisdiction over a Clearing Member (each a 
“Sanctioning Body”)  or (vii) acting on behalf of any of the foregoing. 
Unless permitted (either not restricted or specifically authorized) by OFAC and/or any Sanctioning 
Body, as applicable, (a) any Clearing Member that maintains positions or carries an account actively 
trading  on the Exchange for a Person that is or becomes a Sanctioned Party or (b) any Clearing 
Member becomes aware, or has documentary information, that it maintains positions or carries an 
account actively trading on the Exchange on behalf of a Sanctioned Party, shall immediately take 
steps to (i) cancel all direct and indirect access and authorizations issued to such Sanctioned Party 
and provide written notice to  the Exchange of such cancellations; or (ii) provide written instructions 
to the Exchange directing the Exchange to assist and coordinate in the cancellation of all access and 
authorizations for the Sanctioned Party at the Exchange as may be applicable.   
46B544. 
CLOSING DAY ORDERS 
During the last day of trading in an expiring futures contract, all allowable types of orders that reach 
the trading floor less than 15 minutes prior to the close of trading, except for market, closing, spread, 
limit and stop orders, will be accepted solely at the risk of the customer on a not-held basis.  A broker 
shall not be responsible for cancellations unless the cancellation reaches the broker at least 15 
minutes prior to the close on the last day of trading in an expiring futures contract.  
47B545. 
[RESERVED]  
48B546. 
OPENING AND CLOSING RANGES DURING REGULAR TRADING HOURS 
Opening and closing ranges shall be established by Exchange staff in consultation with the Pit 
Committee. 
In the event of a disputed opening or closing range or a trade during the opening or closing range 
that is conspicuously out of line with the market, the final determination of the opening or closing 
range shall be made by Exchange staff in consultation with the Pit Committee.  A change in the 
opening range will be allowed only if the request for a change is made within 15 minutes of the posting 
of the range.  A change in the closing range will be allowed only if the request for a change is made 
within 10 minutes of the posting of the range.  
49B547. 
DISCRETIONARY ORDERS 
Other than DRT orders, no Member (as defined in Rule 400) shall accept an order that gives more 
latitude than price and time in execution of the order, except in accordance with the provisions of 
Rule 956. 
The above restriction shall not apply to those orders: 
1. 
placed by another member for an account owned by such member; 
2. 
placed by the member’s immediate family which includes a spouse, parent, child, grandparent, 
grandchild, brother, sister, aunt, uncle, nephew, niece or in-law; and 
3. 
placed for proprietary accounts of member firms.  


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 33 of 51 
50B548. 
PRIORITY OF EXECUTION 
In pit trading, non-discretionary customer orders shall be executed in accordance with their price and 
time priority.  A member shall not execute a discretionary order, including, without limitation, an order 
allowing the member discretion as to time and price, while in possession of an executable customer 
order.  No person shall allocate executions in any manner other than an equitable manner. 
Non-discretionary customer orders received by a Globex Terminal Operator shall be entered into 
Globex in the sequence received. Non-discretionary orders that cannot be immediately entered into 
Globex must be entered when the orders become executable in the sequence in which the orders 
were received.  
51B549.-552 
[RESERVED] 
54B  
5B553. 
AVERAGE PRICE SYSTEM 
124B553.A.  
Application of Average Prices 
A clearing member may employ the Exchange's Average Price System or a proprietary average 
pricing system to calculate an average price when multiple execution prices are received on an order 
or series of orders for futures, options or combination transactions. An order or series of orders 
executed during the same trading day at more than one price may be averaged pursuant to this Rule 
only if each order is for the same account or group of accounts and for the same product and 
expiration month for futures, or for the same product, expiration month, put/call and strike price for 
options.  
125B 
553.B. 
Average Price System Requirements  
 
The requirements enumerated below must be met for transactions that are average priced.  
1. 
The customer must have requested average price reporting prior to order entry.  
2. 
Each individual trade must be submitted and cleared by the Exchange at the executed price.  
The average price must be confirmed to each customer account. 
3. 
The clearing member carrying the account(s) must submit final account specific allocations in 
the Exchange’s clearing system no later than the end of each trading day.   
4. 
If a clearing member computes average prices internally, it must: 
 
 
 
a.   Compute the weighted mathematical average price, as set forth in Section C.;  
b.   Subsequently employ the Exchange’s Average Price System to 1) facilitate the allocations 
and 2) ensure that final account specific allocations are submitted to the Exchange’s 
clearing system no later than the end of each trading day; and 
c.    Create records to support the calculations and allocations to customer accounts and 
maintain these records pursuant to CFTC regulations.  
 
 
5. 
Proprietary trades of a clearing member may not be average priced with customer trades.  
126B553.C.  
Computation of Average Price 
Upon receipt of an execution or match at multiple prices for an order that is to be average priced, the 
weighted mathematical average must be computed by: (a) multiplying the number of contracts 
purchased or sold at each execution price by that price, (b) adding the results together and (c) 
dividing by the total number of contracts.  An average price for a series of orders will be computed 
based on the average prices of each order in that series.  The actual average price or the average 
price rounded to the next price increment may be confirmed to customers.  If a clearing member 
confirms the rounded average price, the clearing member must round the average price up to the 
next price increment for a buy order or down to the next price increment for a sell order.  The residual 
created by the rounding process must be paid to the customer.  An average pricing system may 
produce prices that do not conform to whole cent increments.  In such cases, any amounts less than 
one cent may be retained by the clearing member.  
127B553.D.  
Disclosure 
Each clearing member that confirms an average price to a customer must indicate on the confirmation 
and monthly statement that the price represents an average price.  


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 34 of 51 
56 
57B  
58B554.- 558. [RESERVED] 
59B559. 
POSITION LIMITS AND EXEMPTIONS  
The position limit levels applicable to those contracts with position limits are set forth in the Position 
Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table (“Table”) in the Interpretations Section at 
the end of Chapter 5.  
A person seeking an exemption from position limits must apply to the Market Regulation Department 
on forms provided by the Exchange.  In order to obtain an exemption from position limits, a person 
must:  
1. 
Provide a description of the exemption sought, including whether the exemption is for bona fide 
hedging transactions or positions as defined in CFTC Regulation §150.1 (Bona fide hedging 
transaction or position), non-enumerated bona fide hedging transactions or positions, or spread 
positions; 
2. 
Provide a complete and accurate explanation of the underlying exposure related to the 
exemption request; 
3. 
Agree to promptly provide, upon request by the Market Regulation Department, information or 
documentation regarding the person’s financial condition; 
4. 
Agree to comply with all terms, conditions or limitations imposed by the Market Regulation 
Department with respect to the exemption; 
5. 
Agree that the Market Regulation Department may, for cause, modify or revoke the exemption 
at any time; 
6. 
Agree to initiate and liquidate positions in an orderly manner; 
7. 
Agree to comply with all Exchange rules; and 
8. 
Agree to promptly submit a supplemental statement to the Market Regulation Department 
 
whenever there is a material change to the information provided in the most recent application.  
A person intending to exceed position limits, including limits established pursuant to a previously 
approved exemption, must file the required application and receive approval from the Market 
Regulation Department prior to exceeding such limits.  However, a person who establishes a  position 
in excess of position limits and files the required application for bona fide hedging transactions or 
positions or non-enumerated bona fide hedging transactions or positions with the Market Regulation 
Department shall not be in violation of this rule provided the filing occurs within five (5) business days 
after assuming the position except in circumstances where the Market Regulation Department 
requires a person to file prior to the fifth business day.  An application filed after exceeding a limit 
must include an explanation of the sudden or unforeseen bona fide hedging need.  In the event the 
positions in excess of the limits are not deemed to be exemption-eligible, the applicant and clearing 
firm will be in violation of speculative limits for the period of time in which the excess positions 
remained open.   
The Market Regulation Department shall, on the basis of the application and any requested 
supplemental information, determine whether an exemption from position limits shall be granted.  The 
Market Regulation Department may approve, deny, condition or limit any exemption request based 
on factors deemed by the Department to be relevant, including, but not limited to, the applicant's 
business needs and financial status, as well as whether the positions can be established and 
liquidated in an orderly manner given characteristics of the market for which the exemption is sought.   
Nothing in this rule shall in any way limit (i) the authority of the Exchange to take emergency action; 
or (ii) the authority of the Market Regulation Department to review at any time the positions owned 
or controlled by any person and to direct that such position be reduced to the position limit provided 
for in the Table. 
A person who has received written authorization from the Market Regulation Department to exceed 
position limits must annually file an updated application not later than one year following the approval 
date of the most recent application.  Failure to file an updated application will result in expiration of 
the exemption. 
559.A.   
Bona Fide Hedging Transactions or Positions 
The Market Regulation Department may grant exemptions from position limits for bona fide hedging 
transactions or positions as defined in CFTC Regulation §150.1. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 35 of 51 
Approved bona fide hedgers may be exempted from Exchange emergency orders that reduce 
position limits or restrict trading. 
559.B.   
Non-Enumerated Bona Fide Hedging Transactions or Positions 
1. 
Referenced Contracts (as defined in CFTC Regulation §150.1) 
The Market Regulation Department may grant exemptions from the position limits for non-
enumerated bona fide hedging transactions or positions.  For the purposes of this rule, non-
enumerated   bona fide hedging transactions or positions must meet the definition of a bona fide 
hedging transaction or position in CFTC Regulation §150.1.  Any position involving a commodity 
index contract and one or more referenced contracts will not be recognized as a bona fide hedging 
transaction or position pursuant to this Section. 
2. 
Contracts Not Subject to Federal Position Limits 
The Market Regulation Department may grant exemptions from the position limits for non-
enumerated bona fide hedging transactions or positions which are held by or on behalf of an entity 
or an affiliate of an entity which typically buys, sells or holds positions in the underlying cash market, 
a related cash market, or a related over-the-counter market and for which the underlying market has 
a high degree of demonstrated liquidity relative to the size of the positions and where there exist 
opportunities for arbitrage which provide a close linkage between the futures or options market and 
the underlying market in question. 
Any position involving swaps (excluding pass-through swaps) or commodity index contracts may be 
recognized as a bona fide hedging transaction or position pursuant to this Section.   
559.C.   
Spread Positions 
The Market Regulation Department may grant exemptions from the position limits for an intra-market 
spread, inter-market spread, intra-commodity spread, and inter-commodity spread, including 
calendar spread, quality spread, processing spread, product or by-product spread, or futures-options 
spread positions.  
559.D.   
Aggregation of Positions 
For the purpose of applying the position limits in the Table, all positions in accounts for which any 
person, by power of attorney or otherwise, directly or indirectly controls trading or holds a 10 percent 
of greater ownership or equity interest must be aggregated with the positions held and trading done 
by such person.  For the purpose of determining the positions in accounts for which any person 
controls trading or holds a 10 percent or greater ownership or equity interest, positions or ownership 
or equity interests held by, and trading done or controlled by, two or more persons acting pursuant 
to an expressed or implied agreement or understanding shall be treated the same as if the positions 
were held by, or the trading were done or controlled by, a single person.  
Any person that, by power of attorney or otherwise, holds or controls the trading of positions in more 
than one account or pool with substantially identical trading strategies, must aggregate all such 
positions in accordance with the provisions of CFTC Regulation 150.4(a)(2). 
559.E. 
 
Exemptions from Aggregation 
Exemptions from aggregation in all products subject to Exchange position limits must comply with 
the provisions of CFTC Regulation 150.4(b).  
Any person claiming an exemption from Exchange position limits under the provisions of CFTC 
Regulation 150.4(b)(1)(ii), (b)(2), (b)(3), (b)(4), or (b)(7) must provide a notice to the Market 
Regulation Department which sets forth 1) a description of the relevant circumstances that warrant 
disaggregation and 2) a statement by a senior officer or executive of the entity certifying that the 
conditions set forth in the applicable CFTC aggregation exemption provision have been met.   
Upon request by the Market Regulation Department, any person claiming an exemption from 
aggregation under this Section E. must provide any requested information that demonstrates the 
person meets the applicable requirements for the exemption.  Market Regulation, in its sole 
discretion, may amend, suspend, terminate, or otherwise modify a person’s exemption from 
aggregation for failure to comply with the provisions of this Section E. 
In the event of a material change to the information provided in any notice filed under this Section 
E., an updated or amended notice must be promptly filed with the Market Regulation Department 
detailing the material change. 
559.F. 
 
Violations 
Violations of position limits and approved exemption limits are subject to the provisions of Rule 562.  


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 36 of 51 
60B560. 
POSITION ACCOUNTABILITY 
A person who owns or controls positions in excess of reportable levels or where such Person 
otherwise holds substantial positions in contracts traded on the Exchange or cleared by the Clearing 
House shall keep records, including records of their activity in the underlying commodity and related 
derivative markets, and make such records available, upon request, to the Exchange.   
Upon request by the Market Regulation Department, such person shall also provide information 
relating to the positions owned or controlled by that person including, but not limited to, the nature 
and size of the position, the trading strategy employed with respect to the position, and hedging 
information, if applicable. 
For purposes of this rule, all positions in accounts for which a person, by power of attorney or 
otherwise, directly or indirectly holds positions or controls trading shall be included with the positions 
held by such person. Additionally, positions held by two or more persons acting pursuant to an 
expressed or implied agreement or understanding shall be treated the same as if the positions were 
held by a single person. 
If the person from whom such records or information is requested fails to comply as directed, the 
Market Regulation Department may order the reduction of such position, in addition to taking 
disciplinary action as a result of such failure.  
A person who exceeds position accountability or position limit levels as a result of maintaining 
positions at more than one clearing firm shall be deemed to have waived confidentiality regarding his 
position and the identity of the clearing members at which the positions are maintained.  
A person who holds or controls aggregate positions in excess of specified position accountability 
levels or in excess of position limits pursuant to an approved exemption shall be deemed to have 
consented, when so ordered by the Market Regulation Department, not to further increase the 
positions, to comply with any prospective limit which exceeds the size of the position owned or 
controlled, or to reduce any open position which exceeds position accountability or position limit 
levels. Any order to reduce an open position shall be issued by the Chief Regulatory Officer or his 
designee, if he determines in his sole discretion, that such action is necessary to maintain an orderly 
market.  
A clearing member that carries positions for another person shall be responsible for taking 
reasonable and diligent actions to effect the timely compliance with any order issued pursuant to this 
rule upon notification of such order by the Market Regulation Department.  
All positions must be initiated and liquidated in an orderly manner. 
561. 
SUBMISSION OF LARGE TRADER POSITIONS AND VOLUME THRESHOLD 
ACCOUNTS  
561.A.  
Large Trader Reporting 
Clearing members, omnibus accounts and foreign brokers shall electronically submit to the Exchange 
a daily large trader position report of all positions required to be reported as set forth in the Position 
Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table, in the Interpretations Section at the end of 
Chapter 5.   
Positions at or above the reportable level in a particular expiration month of a futures contract, or in 
all puts or in all calls of a particular option contract expiration month, are required to be reported.  For 
an account with reportable positions in a particular contract, all positions, regardless of size, in any 
contract month and in any contract that aggregates with that contract must be reported.  
The daily large trader position report submitted to the Exchange must also include, for each 
reportable account, 1) the EFRP volume bought and sold in the reportable instrument, by contract 
month, and for EOOs by put and call strike and 2) the number of delivery notices issued and the 
number of deliveries stopped in the reportable instrument. 
In addition to the large trader position report, clearing members, omnibus accounts and foreign 
brokers must electronically provide the Exchange with the required CFTC Form 102A (“Identification 
of Special Accounts”) accurately identifying the owners, controllers, controlled accounts and any 
additional information required for each reportable account within three business days of the first day 
that the account in question becomes a reportable account. Notwithstanding the three business day 
submission requirement, on the first day that an account becomes reportable, clearing members, 
omnibus accounts and foreign brokers must, at the direction of the Exchange, provide the following 
information: account type, reportable account number and names and addresses of the owners and 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 37 of 51 
controllers of the account. 
The Exchange may require that more than one large trader position report be electronically submitted 
daily.  The Business Conduct Committee or the Market Regulation Department may require reports 
or additional account identification from any clearing member, omnibus account or foreign broker on 
a lesser number of positions than reflected in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and 
Reportable Level Table. 
If any material change causes the information previously submitted to the Exchange to become 
inaccurate, then such clearing member, omnibus account or foreign broker must electronically submit 
to the Exchange an updated form reflecting the accurate information within three business days of 
such changes becoming effective.  Additionally, in the absence of any material changes, the 
Exchange may require the electronic submission of a new form on an annual basis for the 
maintenance of accurate records. A material change includes, but is not limited to, change of account 
name, address, controllers or controlled accounts.  
561.B.  
Volume Threshold Reporting 
A volume threshold account is any account that meets the volume threshold of contracts traded in a 
single trading day as defined in CFTC Regulation 15.04. Clearing members, shall electronically 
submit to the Exchange the required CFTC Form 102B (“Identification of Volume Threshold 
Accounts”) accurately identifying account information for volume threshold accounts, including the 
owners, controllers, controlled accounts and any additional information required by the report within 
three business days of the first day that the account in question becomes a volume threshold account. 
Notwithstanding the three business day submission requirement, on the first day that an account 
becomes reportable, clearing members, omnibus accounts and foreign brokers must, at the direction 
of the Exchange, provide the following information: account type, reportable account number and 
names and addresses of the owners and controllers of the account.  
If any material change causes the information previously submitted to the Exchange to be inaccurate, 
then such clearing member, omnibus account or foreign broker must electronically submit to the 
Exchange an updated form reflecting the accurate information within three business days of such 
changes becoming effective.  Additionally, in the absence of any material changes, the Exchange 
may require the submission of a new form on an annual basis for the maintenance of accurate 
records. A material change includes, but is not limited to, change of account name, address, 
controllers or controlled accounts. 
561.C.  
Obligations of Omnibus Accounts and Foreign Brokers 
Failure by an omnibus account or foreign broker to submit required information may result in a 
hearing by the Business Conduct Committee and result in limitations, conditions or denial of access 
of such omnibus account or foreign broker to any Exchange market.  Notwithstanding the above, 
clearing members carrying such accounts remain responsible for obtaining and providing to the 
Exchange information regarding the ownership and control of positions in circumstances where an 
omnibus account or foreign broker has failed to provide the information to the Exchange. Clearing 
firms must require their clients to provide accurate and timely owner and control information, including 
any material changes.  
Upon request from the Exchange, clearing members, omnibus accounts and foreign brokers must 
provide CFTC Form 40. 
561.D. 
Reportable Levels 
The large trader reportable levels for all contracts are set forth in the Position Limit, Position 
Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations Section at the end of Chapter 5. 
Any trading account with a trading volume of 50 or more contracts during a single trading day, in a 
particular expiration month of a futures contract or in all puts or in all calls of a particular options 
contract expiration month is a reportable volume threshold account. 
[Notwithstanding the foregoing, please see CFTC No-Action Letter 17-45 issued on September 
25, 2017.] 
62B562. 
 
POSITION LIMIT VIOLATIONS 
 
Any positions, including positions established intraday, in excess of those permitted under the rules 
of the Exchange shall be deemed position limit violations. 
 
If a position exceeds position limits as a result of an option assignment, the person who owns or 
controls such position shall be allowed one business day to liquidate the excess position without 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 38 of 51 
being considered in violation of the limits. Additionally, if, at the close of trading, a position that 
includes options exceeds position limits when evaluated using the delta factors as of that day’s close 
of trading, but does not exceed the limits when evaluated using the previous day’s delta factors, then 
the position shall not constitute a position limit violation. 
 
A clearing member shall not be in violation of this rule if it carries positions for its customers in excess 
of the applicable position limits for such reasonable period of time as the firm may require to discover 
and liquidate the excess positions. For the purposes of this rule, a reasonable period of time shall 
generally not exceed one business day. 
A customer who exceeds the position limits as a result of maintaining positions at more than one 
clearing member shall be deemed to have waived confidentiality regarding his positions and the 
identity of the clearing members at which they are maintained. A clearing member carrying such 
positions shall not be in violation of this rule if, upon notification by the Market Regulation Department, 
it liquidates its pro-rata share of the position in excess of the limits or otherwise ensures the customer 
is in compliance with the limits within a reasonable period of time.  For purposes of this rule, a 
reasonable period of time shall generally not exceed one business day. 
563.-69. 
[RESERVED] 
570. 
RESTRICTION ON SALE OF EXCHANGE PRODUCTS IN THE EUROPEAN UNION 
TO EUROPEAN UNION RETAIL INVESTORS UNDER PRIIPS [PACKAGE RETAIL 
AND INSURANCE BASED INVESTMENT PRODUCT] 
(a) No member shall offer, sell or arrange a transaction in an Exchange Contract for, on behalf of, 
or with a retail investor in the European Union (“EU Retail Investor”), or otherwise make an 
Exchange Contract available to an EU Retail Investor, unless (1) a key information document 
(“KID”) has been produced for the product by the Exchange in accordance with the requirements 
of Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") and (2) the KID has been provided 
to the EU Retail Investor by the intermediary accepting the order from or clearing the transaction 
on behalf of the EU Retail Investor. 
(b) For the purposes of this rule, “retail investor” shall be defined as any person or entity that does 
not qualify as a “professional client” as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments as may be 
amended, restated or superseded from time to time. 
571.-572. 
[RESERVED] 
 
3BGLOBEX ELECTRONIC TRADING SYSTEM RULES 
63B573. 
GLOBEX OPENING 
Each business day, Globex will open with a single price for each instrument unless otherwise 
designated by the Exchange. 
Prior to the opening of each Globex Session, Globex will provide an indicative opening price or prices, 
based on the Globex equilibrium price algorithm described below, and on all pending orders that may 
be executed on the opening.  During the 30–second period prior to the opening, no previously entered 
orders may be modified or cancelled, although new orders may be entered. 
Globex will establish an equilibrium price that will be the opening price.  The equilibrium price is the 
calculated price between sell pressure and buy pressure where the largest volume of trading can 
occur.  The price will be determined in accordance with the following methodology: 
1. 
Any bid at a given price may also be executed at a lower price. 
2. 
Any offer at a given price may also be executed at a higher price. 
3. 
The bid volume at any price is the quantity bid at that price plus the sum of the quantities bid at 
all higher prices. 
4. 
The offer volume at any price is the quantity offered at that price plus the sum of the quantities 
offered at all lower prices. 
5. 
Sell pressure occurs when the offer volume exceeds the bid volume at a particular price. 
6. 
Buy pressure occurs when the bid volume exceeds the offer volume at a particular price. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 39 of 51 
7. 
The trade volume at any price is the smaller of the bid volume or the offer volume. 
8. 
The price overlap is the range of prices where trades are possible. 
9. 
The equilibrium is the price range within the price overlap where buy pressure changes to sell 
pressure. 
10. The equilibrium price is one of the following: 
(a) The price within the equilibrium that has the largest trade volume and the lowest unmatched 
volume at that price remaining after the opening. 
or 
(b) If more than one price has the same trade volume and the same unmatched volume at that 
price, the equilibrium price is the one nearest the previous day's settlement price. 
11. If there is no equilibrium (there is only buy pressure or sell pressure), there will be no opening 
price until a trade occurs unless there is a bid higher than, or an offer lower than, the previous 
day's settlement price. 
12. After the provisional opening price is determined as set forth above for all orders excluding stop 
and stop limit orders, the calculations are repeated with any such orders that would be triggered 
at such price included until a new provisional opening price is determined.  If such new price 
would trigger additional stop or stop limit orders, the process is repeated until no more orders 
are triggered. 
13. Bids and offers will be selected for matching at the opening price based on price and time priority.  
64B574. 
GLOBEX ACCESS RESTRICTIONS 
All connections to the Globex system must be guaranteed by a clearing member that assumes 
financial responsibility for all activity through the connection.  With respect to transactions given up 
to other clearing members, such guarantee is effective only until such time that the other clearing 
member accepts the trade. 
Where required under CFTC regulations, all individuals entering non-member customer orders in 
other than a clerical capacity must have appropriate CFTC registration.  Non-member customer 
orders may be entered only from designated areas on the floor of the Exchange, from the premises 
of an entity registered to conduct customer business, or any other location designated by such entity. 
Clearing members shall assist the Exchange in any investigation into potential violations of the rules 
or the Act which occur through or with respect to a Globex connection guaranteed by the clearing 
member.  Such assistance must be timely and may include, but not be limited to, requiring any Person 
to produce documents, to answer questions from the Exchange, and/or to appear in connection with 
an investigation. 
Clearing members shall suspend or terminate a Person’s Globex access if the Exchange determines 
that the actions of the Person threaten the integrity or liquidity of any contract or violate any Exchange 
rule or the Act, or if the Person fails to cooperate in an investigation. 
If a clearing member has actual or constructive notice of a violation of Exchange rules in connection 
with the use of Globex by any Person for which it has authorized a direct connection and the clearing 
member fails to take appropriate action, the clearing member may be found to have committed an 
act detrimental to the interest or welfare of the Exchange.  
65B575. 
DISRUPTIVE PRACTICES PROHIBITED 
All orders must be entered for the purpose of executing bona fide transactions.  Additionally, all non-
actionable messages must be entered in good faith for legitimate purposes.  
A. No person shall enter or cause to be entered an order with the intent, at the time of order entry, 
to cancel the order before execution or to modify the order to avoid execution; 
B. No person shall enter or cause to be entered an actionable or non-actionable message(s) with 
intent to mislead other market participants; 
 
 
 
C.1. No person shall enter or cause to be entered an actionable or non-actionable message(s) with 
intent to overload or delay the systems of the Exchange or other market participants;  
 
 
 
C.2. No person shall intentionally or recklessly submit or cause to be submitted an actionable or non-
actionable message(s) that has the potential to disrupt the systems of the Exchange; and 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 40 of 51 
 
D. No person shall enter or cause to be entered an actionable or non-actionable message(s) with 
intent to disrupt, or with reckless disregard for the adverse impact on, the orderly conduct of 
trading or the fair execution of transactions.   
To the extent applicable, the provisions of this Rule apply to open outcry trading as well as electronic 
trading activity.  Further, the provisions of this Rule apply to all market states, including the pre-
opening period, the closing period and all trading sessions. 
6B576. 
IDENTIFICATION OF GLOBEX TERMINAL OPERATORS 
67BEach Globex Terminal Operator shall be identified to the Exchange, in the manner prescribed by the 
Exchange, and shall be subject to Exchange rules.  If operator IDs are required to be registered with 
the Exchange, it is the duty of the clearing member to ensure that registration is current and accurate 
at all times.  Each individual must use a unique operator ID to access Globex.  In no event may a 
person enter an order or permit the entry of an order by an individual using an operator ID other than 
the individual’s own unique operator ID.  
577. 
[RESERVED] 
68 
578. 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, NO WARRANTIES 
A. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED BELOW, THE EXCHANGE, THE BOARD OF TRADE OF THE CITY 
OF CHICAGO, INC. (“CBOT”), THE NEW YORK MERCANTILE EXCHANGE INC. (“NYMEX”) 
(INCLUDING EACH OF THEIR RESPECTIVE SHAREHOLDERS) ALONG WITH THE 
MINNEAPOLIS GRAIN EXCHANGE (“MGEX”) AND ANY OTHER PARTICIPATING 
EXCHANGE, 
(INCLUDING 
EACH 
OF 
THEIR 
RESPECTIVE 
SUBSIDIARIES 
AND 
AFFILIATES), THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, 
CONSULTANTS, LICENSORS, MEMBERS, AND CLEARING MEMBERS, SHALL NOT BE 
LIABLE TO ANY PERSON FOR ANY LOSSES, DAMAGES, COSTS OR EXPENSES 
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF USE, AND DIRECT, 
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES), ARISING FROM: 
(i) 
ANY 
FAILURE, 
MALFUNCTION, 
FAULT 
IN 
DELIVERY, 
DELAY, 
OMISSION, 
SUSPENSION, INACCURACY, INTERRUPTION, TERMINATION, OR ANY OTHER 
CAUSE, IN CONNECTION WITH THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OPERATION, 
MAINTENANCE, USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE ALL OR ANY PART OF ANY OF THE 
SYSTEMS AND SERVICES OF THE EXCHANGE OR SERVICES, EQUIPMENT OR 
FACILITIES USED TO SUPPORT SUCH SYSTEMS AND SERVICES, INCLUDING 
WITHOUT 
LIMITATION 
ELECTRONIC 
ORDER 
ENTRY/DELIVERY, 
TRADING 
THROUGH ANY ELECTRONIC MEANS, ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATION OF MARKET 
DATA OR INFORMATION, WORKSTATIONS USED BY MEMBERS AND AUTHORIZED 
EMPLOYEES OF MEMBERS, PRICE REPORTING SYSTEMS AND ANY AND ALL 
TERMINALS, COMMUNICATIONS NETWORKS, CENTRAL COMPUTERS, SOFTWARE, 
HARDWARE, FIRMWARE AND PRINTERS RELATING THERETO; OR 
(ii) ANY FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, FAULT IN DELIVERY, DELAY, OMISSION, 
SUSPENSION, INACCURACY, INTERRUPTION OR TERMINATION, OR ANY OTHER 
CAUSE, OF ANY SYSTEM OR SERVICE OF THE EXCHANGE OR SERVICES, 
EQUIPMENT OR FACILITIES USED TO SUPPORT SUCH SYSTEMS OR SERVICES, 
CAUSED BY ANY THIRD PARTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, INDEPENDENT 
SOFTWARE VENDORS AND NETWORK PROVIDERS; OR 
(iii) ANY ERRORS OR INACCURACIES IN INFORMATION PROVIDED BY THE EXCHANGE 
OR ANY EXCHANGE SYSTEMS, SERVICES OR FACILITIES; OR 
(iv) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR UNAUTHORIZED USE OF ANY EXCHANGE 
SYSTEMS, SERVICES OR FACILITIES BY ANY PERSON. 
THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY WHETHER A CLAIM ARISES IN 
CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, CONTRIBUTION OR OTHERWISE AND 
WHETHER THE CLAIM IS BROUGHT DIRECTLY OR AS A THIRD PARTY CLAIM. 
THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL BE SUBJECT TO THE COMMODITY 
EXCHANGE ACT AND REGULATIONS THEREUNDER.  A PARTY WHO HAS BEEN FINALLY 
ADJUDICATED TO HAVE ENGAGED IN WILLFUL OR WANTON MISCONDUCT MAY NOT AVAIL 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 41 of 51 
ITSELF OF THE PROTECTIONS IN THIS RULE. 
B. THERE ARE NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS 
(INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS 
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE) PROVIDED BY THE EXCHANGE, CBOT, NYMEX 
OR ANY PARTICIPATING EXCHANGE (INCLUDING THEIR RESPECTIVE SUBSIDIARIES 
AND AFFILIATES), THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, 
CONSULTANTS, AND LICENSORS RELATING TO ANY SYSTEMS OR SERVICES OF THE 
EXCHANGE OR SERVICES, EQUIPMENT OR FACILITIES USED TO SUPPORT SUCH 
SYSTEMS OR SERVICES, INCLUDING THE GLOBEX SYSTEM. 
C. ANY DISPUTE ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF SYSTEMS OR SERVICES OF THE 
EXCHANGE OR SERVICES, EQUIPMENT OR FACILITIES USED TO SUPPORT SUCH 
SYSTEMS OR SERVICES IN WHICH THE EXCHANGE (INCLUDING ITS SUBSIDIARIES AND 
AFFILIATES), OR ANY OF ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, 
CONSULTANTS OR LICENSORS IS A PARTY SHALL BE ARBITRATED PURSUANT TO 
EXCHANGE RULES.  ANY ARBITRATION SHALL BE BROUGHT WITHIN THE PERIOD 
PRESCRIBED BY EXCHANGE RULES.  ANY OTHER ACTIONS, SUITS OR PROCEEDINGS 
AGAINST ANY OF THE ABOVE MUST BE BROUGHT WITHIN TWO YEARS FROM THE TIME 
THAT A CAUSE OF ACTION HAS ACCRUED.  THIS PARAGRAPH C SHALL IN NO WAY BE 
CONSTRUED TO LIMIT A PARTY’S OBLIGATION TO ARBITRATE ITS CLAIM OR TO 
CREATE A CAUSE OF ACTION AND SHALL NOT AUTHORIZE AN ACTION THAT WOULD 
OTHERWISE BE PROHIBITED BY EXCHANGE RULES.  IF FOR ANY REASON, A COURT 
OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION FINDS THAT SUCH DISPUTE IS NOT ARBITRABLE, SUCH 
DISPUTE MAY ONLY BE LITIGATED IN THE COUNTY OF COOK IN THE STATE OF ILLINOIS 
AND WILL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF ILLINOIS WITHOUT REGARD 
TO ANY PROVISIONS OF ILLINOIS LAW THAT WOULD APPLY THE SUBSTANTIVE LAW 
OF A DIFFERENT JURISDICTION.  
D. THE EXCHANGE, CBOT AND NYMEX MAY, IN THEIR SOLE DISCRETION, ASSUME 
RESPONSIBILITY FOR DIRECT, OUT-OF-POCKET LOSSES DIRECTLY CAUSED BY THE 
NEGLIGENCE OF GLOBAL COMMAND CENTER OR OTHER EXCHANGE STAFF AND/OR 
ORDER STATUS ERRORS PROVIDED BY THE GLOBAL COMMAND CENTER AND/OR THE 
CLEARING CUSTOMER SERVICE DESK.  IF SUCH LIABILITY IS ACCEPTED, THE TOTAL 
AGGREGATE OBLIGATIONS FOR THE EXCHANGE, CBOT AND NYMEX SHALL NOT 
EXCEED $200,000 FOR ALL LOSSES SUFFERED FROM ALL CAUSES IN A SINGLE 
CALENDAR MONTH, EXCEPT FOR LOSSES CAUSED BY PHANTOM ORDERS WHICH ARE 
SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS OF PARAGRAPHS F. AND G. BELOW.  ANY DISPUTED 
CLAIM MADE UNDER THIS RULE MUST BE ARBITRATED PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE 
RULES.   
E. 
 IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COLLECTIVE TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR THE 
EXCHANGE, CBOT AND NYMEX FOR ALL CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF ANY NEGLIGENCE, 
FAILURES, 
MALFUNCTIONS, 
FAULTS 
IN 
DELIVERY, 
DELAYS, 
OMISSIONS, 
SUSPENSIONS, INACCURACIES, INTERRUPTIONS, TERMINATIONS, ORDER STATUSING 
ERRORS OR ANY OTHER CAUSES, EXCEPT FOR PHANTOM ORDERS WHICH ARE 
SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS OF PARAGRAPHS F. AND G. BELOW, IN CONNECTION 
WITH THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OPERATION, MAINTENANCE, USE OF OR 
INABILITY TO USE ALL OR ANY PART OF ANY OF THE EXCHANGE’S SYSTEMS OR 
SERVICES, OR SERVICES, EQUIPMENT OR FACILITIES USED TO SUPPORT SUCH 
SYSTEMS AND SERVICES, OR THE NEGLIGENCE OF EXCHANGE STAFF, EXCEED 
$200,000 IN ANY CALENDAR MONTH. 
  IF THE NUMBER OF ALLOWED CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF ANY FAILURES OR 
MALFUNCTIONS IN A SINGLE CALENDAR MONTH CANNOT BE FULLY SATISFIED 
BECAUSE OF THE MONTHLY LIABILITY LIMITATION, ALL SUCH CLAIMS SHALL BE 
LIMITED TO A PRO RATA SHARE OF THE MAXIMUM AMOUNT AVAILABLE FOR THAT 
MONTH. 
F. 
 NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE EXCHANGE, CBOT AND NYMEX MAY, IN 
THEIR SOLE DISCRETION, ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR DIRECT, OUT-OF-POCKET 
NET LOSSES DIRECTLY CAUSED BY PHANTOM ORDERS (AS DEFINED BELOW).  IF 
SUCH LIABILITY IS ACCEPTED, THE TOTAL AGGREGATE OBLIGATIONS FOR THE 
EXCHANGE, CBOT AND NYMEX SHALL NOT EXCEED $5,000,000 FOR ALL SUCH LOSSES 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 42 of 51 
SUFFERED IN A SINGLE CALENDAR MONTH.  ANY DISPUTED CLAIM MADE UNDER THIS 
RULE MUST BE ARBITRATED PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE RULES. 
  FOR THE PURPOSES OF THIS RULE AND RULE 588, A PHANTOM ORDER IS AN ORDER: 
1) THAT WAS NOT AUTHORIZED BY A PERSON BUT WAS CAUSED BY A FAILURE, 
MALFUNCTION OR NEGLIGENT OPERATION OF GLOBEX OR ANY OTHER EXCHANGE 
SYSTEM, SERVICE OR FACILITY, OR 2) WHOSE TERMS (E.G. CONTRACT, CONTRACT 
MONTH, 
QUANTITY, 
PRICE 
OR 
DIRECTION) 
WERE 
CHANGED 
WITHOUT 
AUTHORIZATION OF THE PERSON PLACING THE ORDER SOLELY AS A RESULT OF A 
FAILURE, MALFUNCTION, OR NEGLIGENT OPERATION OF GLOBEX OR ANY OTHER 
EXCHANGE SYSTEM, SERVICE OR FACILITY. 
G. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COLLECTIVE TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR THE 
EXCHANGE, CBOT AND NYMEX FOR DIRECT, OUT-OF-POCKET NET LOSSES DIRECTLY 
CAUSED BY PHANTOM ORDER(S) EXCEED $5,000,000 IN A SINGLE CALENDAR MONTH.  
COMPLIANCE WITH THE TERMS OF RULE 588.F. IS REQUIRED IN ORDER FOR LOSSES 
TO BE CONSIDERED BY THE EXCHANGE PURSUANT TO THIS RULE. 
  IF THE AMOUNT OF DIRECT, OUT-OF-POCKET NET LOSSES DIRECTLY CAUSED BY 
PHANTOM ORDERS IN A SINGLE CALENDAR MONTH CANNOT BE FULLY SATISFIED 
BECAUSE OF THE MONTHLY LIABILITY LIMITATION, ALL SUCH LOSSES SHALL BE 
LIMITED TO A PRO RATA SHARE OF THE MAXIMUM AMOUNT AVAILABLE FOR THAT 
MONTH. 
A CLAIM AGAINST THE EXCHANGE, CBOT OR NYMEX ARISING OUT OF ANY FAILURE, 
MALFUNCTION OR PHANTOM ORDER SHALL BE STRICTLY SUBJECT TO THE RESPECTIVE 
LIABILITY LIMITS OF THIS RULE.  
69B579. 
GLOBAL COMMAND CENTER (“GCC”) 
135B579.A.  
GCC Authority 
The GCC has the authority to take any action deemed appropriate to preserve market integrity in 
CME Group markets. Such actions include, but are not limited to, the halting of trading, modifying 
risk-mitigating parameters including price bands, velocity logic and special price fluctuation limits as 
described in Rule 589, restricting customer access to Globex or any other actions deemed to be in 
the best interest of the Exchange.  In the event any action taken pursuant to this Rule is in response 
to an emergency as defined in CFTC Regulation 40.1(h), the CFTC shall be notified of the emergency 
action in accordance with CFTC Regulations. 
136B579.B 
 
GCC Services 
The GCC provides production support and problem management to all market participants. In 
addition to this support, the GCC also provides critical assistance to registered contacts. Critical 
assistance includes, but is not limited to, inquiries and/or actions involving order status and order 
cancellations. Exchange liability for GCC services is subject to the limitations and conditions of Rule 
578. 
579.C 
 
Order Status 
A person who believes he has received an incorrect order status or does not receive an appropriate 
status shall immediately notify the GCC.  In the event that the GCC and an Exchange system, service 
or facility provide conflicting information relating to an order status, a person may only reasonably 
rely on the information received from the GCC. Additionally, such person shall take any necessary 
and appropriate market action to mitigate any potential losses arising from the incorrect order status 
or lack of appropriate order status immediately after the person knew or should have known that the 
order status information was incorrect or should have been received.   
70B580. 
CME GLOBEX TRADE MATCHING ALGORITHMS 
The CME Globex platform employs multiple predefined sets of matching algorithms used to match 
trades on the platform.  Information concerning the matching algorithm applicable to a particular 
product is set forth on the GCC Product Resources page on the CME Group website available here. 
Information on the operation of the matching algorithms is available hereH. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 43 of 51 
71B581.-582. 
[RESERVED] 
72B583. 
DOMESTIC CROSS-EXCHANGE TRADING 
139B583.A.  
Cross-Exchange Trading by Members of Other Domestic Exchanges in 
 
Contracts Listed on Globex 
Individual members and clearing members of another domestic exchange that is participating in 
cross-exchange trading through Globex are eligible to obtain cross-exchange access, for proprietary 
and customer trading activity, to the contracts listed on Globex.  The contracts may be listed on 
Globex either by the CME (“CME contracts”) or by a domestic exchange other than CME (“Domestic 
Exchange contracts”).  Such members and clearing members must (1) be authorized by  CME to 
enter orders in CME contracts or Domestic Exchange contracts, as applicable, through Globex, (2) 
make an arrangement with an appropriate clearing member to clear any trades in CME contracts, (3) 
make an arrangement with a clearing member of the domestic exchange to clear any trades in such 
Domestic Exchange’s contracts, and (4) abide by the Globex trading rules, policies and procedures 
of  CME when trading CME contracts and Domestic Exchange contracts through Globex. 
When an individual member or clearing member of a domestic exchange is found to have violated 
CME’s Globex trading rules, CME may deny or suspend the privilege of cross-exchange trading of 
such individual member or clearing member.  
140B583.B.  
Cross-Exchange Trading by Members of CME in Contracts Listed on Globex or 
 
Other Electronic Trading Systems by Participating Domestic Exchanges 
Individual members and clearing members of CME may obtain cross-exchange access, for 
proprietary and customer trading activity, to Domestic Exchange contracts listed on Globex or the 
contracts of a domestic exchange listed on such domestic exchange’s electronic trading system.  
Such members and clearing members must (1) be authorized by the domestic exchange to enter 
orders in that exchange's contracts either through Globex or through such domestic exchange’s 
electronic trading system, (2) make an arrangement with a clearing member of such domestic 
exchange to clear any trades in Domestic Exchange contracts listed on Globex or contracts listed by 
that domestic exchange on its electronic trading system, and (3) abide by the Globex trading rules, 
policies and procedures  when trading  Domestic Exchange contracts listed by that domestic 
exchange on Globex or the rules of the domestic exchange when trading contracts on such domestic 
exchange’s electronic trading system.  
73B584.-587. 
[RESERVED]74B 
75 
76B588. 
TRADE CANCELLATIONS AND PRICE ADJUSTMENTS 
14B588.A.  
Global Command Center Authority Regarding Trade Cancellations and Price 
 
Adjustments 
The following shall be applied to balance the adverse effects on market integrity of executing trades 
and publishing trade information inconsistent with prevailing market conditions while preserving 
legitimate expectations of trade certainty by market participants.  This rule authorizes the Global 
Command Center (“GCC”) to adjust trade prices or cancel trades where, in its absolute and sole 
discretion, the GCC believes such action is necessary to mitigate market disrupting events caused 
by the improper or erroneous use of the electronic trading system or by system defects.  
Notwithstanding any other provisions of this rule, the GCC may, in its absolute and sole discretion, 
adjust trade prices or cancel any trade if it believes that allowing the trade(s) to stand as executed 
could have a material, adverse effect on the integrity of the market.  All decisions of the GCC shall 
be final.  Subject to the limitations and conditions of Rule 578, and irrespective of the terms of any 
order entered into Globex, the Exchange shall not have any liability for losses resulting from price 
adjustments or trade cancellations by the GCC under this Rule. 
145B588.B.  
Review of Trades 
The GCC may determine to review a trade based on its independent analysis of market activity or 
upon request for review by a user of the electronic trading system.  A request for review must be 
made to the GCC via telephone within eight minutes of the execution of the trade.  Any other form of 
communication with the GCC will not constitute a request for review as set forth in this Section.  GCC 
phone numbers are available on the CME Group website. 
The GCC shall determine whether or not a trade will be subject to review.  In the absence of a timely 
request for review, during volatile market conditions, upon the release of significant news, or in any 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 44 of 51 
other circumstance in which the GCC deems it to be appropriate, the GCC may determine, in its sole 
discretion, that a trade shall not be subject to review. 
Upon deciding to review a trade, the GCC will promptly issue an alert indicating that the trade is 
under review.   
146B588.C.  
Price Adjustments and Cancellations 
Upon making a determination that a trade will be subject to review, the GCC will first determine 
whether the trade price is within the Non-Reviewable Range, as described in Section H.  In applying 
the Non-Reviewable Range, the GCC shall determine the fair value market price for that contract at 
the time the trade under review occurred.  The GCC may consider any relevant information, including, 
but not limited to, the last trade price in the contract or a better bid or offer price on the electronic 
trading system, a more recent price in a different contract month, the price of the same or related 
contract established in another venue or another market, the market conditions at the time of the 
trade, the theoretical value of an option based on the most recent implied volatility and responses to 
a Request for Quote (RFQ). 
1. 
Trade Price Inside the Non-Reviewable Range 
 
If the GCC determines that the price of the trade is inside the Non-Reviewable Range, the GCC 
will issue an alert indicating that the trade shall stand. 
2. 
Trade Price Outside the Non-Reviewable Range  
If the GCC determines that a trade price is outside the Non-Reviewable Range the trade price 
shall be adjusted to a price that equals the fair value market price for that contract at the time 
the trade under review occurred, plus or minus the Non-Reviewable Range.  In the event there 
are multiple parties, prices and/or contracts involved in the transactions at issue, the GCC has 
the authority, but not the obligation, to cancel rather than price adjust such transactions. The 
GCC will issue an alert regarding its decision.   
  
Cancelled trade prices and any prices that have been adjusted shall be cancelled in the Exchange’s 
official record of time and sales.  Trades that are price adjusted shall be inserted in the time and 
sales record at the adjusted trade price. 
588.D.  
Alternative Resolution by Agreement of Parties 
 
If the GCC determines that the price of a trade is inside the Non-Reviewable Range, no alternative 
action may be taken under this Rule by the parties to the trade. 
With the approval of the GCC, parties to a trade that is price adjusted may instead mutually agree to 
cancel the trade.  With the approval of the GCC, parties to a trade that is cancelled may instead 
mutually agree to price adjust the trade to a price consistent with the adjustment provisions of Section 
C.   
Parties to a trade that is cancelled or price adjusted may mutually agree to a cash adjustment 
provided that such adjustments are reported to the GCC and the parties maintain a record of the 
adjustment.   
A trade that is not cancelled may not be reversed via a prearranged offsetting transaction unless 
such transactions are permitted and effected in accordance with Rule 539.C. 
588.E. 
 
Liability for Losses Resulting from Price Adjustments or Cancellations and 
 
Prohibition on Claims for Losses Arising From Error Trades Executed 
 
Within the Non-Reviewable Range 
 
A party entering an order that results in a price adjustment or trade cancellation shall be responsible 
for demonstrated claims of realized losses incurred by persons whose trade prices were adjusted or 
cancelled provided, however, that a claimant shall not be entitled to compensation for losses incurred 
as a result of the claimant’s failure to take reasonable actions to mitigate the loss.  
A claim for a loss pursuant to this section must be submitted to the Exchange on an Exchange claim 
form within five business days of the event giving rise to the claim.  The Exchange shall reject any 
claim that is not filed in a timely manner or is not permitted by this section and such decisions shall 
be final.  Eligible claims shall be forwarded by the Exchange to the party responsible for the order(s) 
that resulted in a trade cancellation or a price adjustment and to the clearing member through which 
the trade was placed.  Such party, or the clearing member on behalf of the party, shall, within ten 
business days of receipt of the claim, admit or deny responsibility in whole or in part.  Failure to 
respond to the claim within ten business days shall be considered a denial of liability. 
To the extent that liability is admitted, payment shall be made within ten business days. Unless 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 45 of 51 
otherwise agreed upon in writing by the parties, failure to make the payment within ten business days 
shall be considered a denial of liability for purposes of this rule.  A copy of any such written agreement 
must be provided to the Exchange.   
To the extent that liability is denied, the party making the claim may submit the claim to arbitration in 
accordance with Rule 622.  Such claims must be submitted to the Market Regulation Department 
within ten business days of the date the party was issued notification that liability was denied.  
Claims for losses incurred as a result of trades executed in error at prices within the non-reviewable 
range may not be submitted for arbitration pursuant to the provisions of Chapter 6.   
588.F. 
 
Permissible Responses to Phantom Orders 
If the GCC has reason to believe that Phantom Orders as defined in Rule 578 have been or are being 
entered into any Exchange system, service or facility, the GCC shall be empowered to take 
appropriate action to protect the integrity of the market, including, without limitation, suspending 
trading and/or canceling unfilled orders.  The GCC shall also be empowered, in its sole discretion, to 
cancel transactions, or adjust the trade prices of transactions that were directly or indirectly caused 
by Phantom Orders, whether or not such transactions were executed at prices outside of the non-
reviewable range specified in this Rule. 
If Phantom Orders directly cause transactions to be executed on any Exchange system, service or 
facility and such transactions are not canceled, the GCC shall promptly direct the clearing member 
carrying positions resulting from such transactions to liquidate the positions in a commercially 
reasonable manner.  Such positions shall be liquidated within 30 minutes of such notification or within 
30 minutes of the time the clearing firm knew or should have known that it had been assigned 
transactions resulting from Phantom Orders, whichever is sooner.  The GCC, in its sole discretion, 
may waive the 30 minute liquidation requirement if it determines that such requirement may have a 
material, adverse impact on the integrity of the market. 
The GCC shall provide notification to the marketplace regarding any action taken or to be taken with 
respect to the entry of Phantom Orders or execution of a transaction as a result of Phantom Orders, 
and, in the event transactions are not otherwise canceled or price adjusted by the GCC, any actions 
required to be taken by clearing members.  Such notification(s) shall be made as soon as practicable, 
but in no event more than 30 minutes after the time that the GCC has accurate information regarding 
the Phantom Orders that is sufficient to support the necessary notification(s). 
Any Exchange, CBOT or NYMEX liability for losses resulting from Phantom Orders shall be subject 
to the limitations of Rule 578. 
588.G.  
Schedule of Administrative Fees 
When GCC cancels or price adjusts a trade, the party responsible for entering the order into the 
electronic trading system that gave rise to the trade cancellation or price adjustment shall pay an 
administrative fee to the Exchange in the amount of $1,000 for each such occurrence.  If the party is 
not deemed a Member as defined in Rule 400 and fails to pay the fee, the clearing member through 
which the trade was placed shall be responsible for payment of the fee.  Administrative fees for this 
Rule are set forth in the Rule 588.H. table.  
588.H.  
Globex Non-Reviewable Trading Ranges 
 
 
 
View table here (XLS) 
 
 
Partner Exchanges 
 
 
Please access below links for Non-Reviewable Ranges for our Partner Exchange contracts. 
MGEX - http://www.mgex.com/nrr.html 
 
BMD - http://www.bursamalaysia.com/market/derivatives/trading/trading-parameters/ 
 
DME - http://www.dubaimerc.com/no-bust-ranges 
76B 
 
 
589. 
SPECIAL PRICE FLUCTUATION LIMITS  
The special price fluctuation limits, including dynamic price fluctuation limits, applicable to those 
contracts with such limits are set forth in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits 
Table (“Table”) in the Interpretations Section at the end of Chapter 5.  
589.A.   
Initial Price Fluctuation Limits for All Contract Months  
At the commencement of each trading day, there shall be initial price fluctuation limits in effect for 
each futures contract month of the primary futures contract (as identified in the Table) above or below 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 46 of 51 
the previous day’s settlement price for such contract month set at the first special price fluctuation limit 
level as provided in the Table.  
589.B.  
Triggering Events and Temporary Trading Halts  
1.  First Triggering Event and Temporary Trading Halt 
If the lead contract month (as identified by the Exchange) of the primary futures contract is bid or 
offered via Globex at the upper or lower price fluctuation limit at the first special price fluctuation limit 
level, as applicable, it will be considered a triggering event that will begin a two (2) minute monitoring 
period in the lead contract month. If, at the end of the two (2) minute monitoring period, the lead 
contract month of the primary futures contract is not bid or offered at the applicable special price 
fluctuation limit, the special price fluctuation limits shall be expanded an additional increment above 
and below the previous day's settlement price for all contract months of the primary futures contract 
and all contract months of associated products of the primary futures contract as provided in the Table. 
If, however, at the end of the two (2) minute monitoring period, the lead contract month of the primary 
futures contract is bid or offered at the applicable special price fluctuation limit, a two (2) minute 
temporary trading halt will commence in all contract months of the primary futures contract and in all 
contract months of associated products of the primary futures contract as provided in the Table. In 
addition, trading in any associated product that is an option related to the primary futures contract or 
in an option contract related to any other associated product of the primary futures contract that may 
be available for trading on Globex or on the trading floor shall be subject to a coordinated temporary 
trading halt.   
2.  Expansion of Limits Following Temporary Trading Halt 
Following the end of a temporary trading halt, the affected markets shall re-open simultaneously in all 
contract months of the primary futures contract and in all contract months of associated products of 
the primary futures contract. When trading resumes, the special price fluctuation limits shall be 
expanded an additional increment above and below the previous day's settlement price for all contract 
months of the primary futures contract and all contract months of associated products of the primary 
futures contract as provided in the Table.  
In each instance in which a triggering event occurs, a two (2) minute monitoring period will commence 
as provided in Section B.1. of this Rule. In each instance, the special price fluctuation limits shall be 
expanded by an additional increment above and below the previous day's settlement price for all 
contract months of the primary futures contract and all contract months of associated products of the 
primary futures contract as provided in the Table. Following the fourth triggering event on a trading 
day, there shall be no further special price fluctuation limits.  
589.C.  
Price Fluctuation Limits on Trading Floor (Floor Trading)  
The special price fluctuation limits cited in Section A. of this Rule shall be applicable to all products in 
the Table that are traded via open outcry on the trading floor. Trades occurring via open outcry on the 
trading floor shall not constitute a triggering event for purposes of a temporary trading halt.  
In all instances in which a temporary trading halt in the lead contract month of the primary futures 
contract occurs on Globex, floor trading in all contract months in any option related to the primary 
futures contract or in an option contract related to any associated product of the primary futures 
contract shall be subject to a coordinated temporary trading halt.  
Whenever Globex markets are re-opened with expanded price limits pursuant to the provisions of 
Section B. of this Rule, the affected markets on the trading floor shall simultaneously re-open with 
expanded price limits. 
589.D.  
Dynamic Price Fluctuation Limits  
 
At the commencement of each trading day, the subject contracts, as designated in the Table, shall 
be assigned a price limit variant which shall equal a percentage of the prior trading day’s Exchange-
determined settlement price, or a price deemed appropriate by the GCC, (“dynamic variant”). During 
the trading day, the dynamic variant shall be applied in rolling 60-minute look-back periods to 
establish dynamic lower and upper price fluctuation limits as follows: 
(a) the dynamic variant shall be subtracted from the highest trade and/or bid price during a look-
back period to establish the lower price fluctuation limit, i.e., trade and/or offer, and  
 
(b) the dynamic variant shall be added to the lowest trade and/or offer price during a look-back 
period to establish the upper price fluctuation limit, i.e., trade and/or bid. 
1. Triggering Events 
and Temporary Trading Halts 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 47 of 51 
 
If the lead contract month (as identified by the Exchange) of the primary futures contract is traded, 
bid or offered on Globex at a price below the lower or above the upper dynamic price fluctuation limit, 
it shall be considered a triggering event which shall begin a two (2) minute temporary trading halt in 
all contract months of the primary futures contract and in all contract months of associated products 
of the primary futures contract as provided in the Table. If a non-lead contract month of the primary 
futures contract is traded, bid or offered on Globex at a price below the lower or above the upper 
dynamic price fluctuation limit, it shall be considered a triggering event which shall begin a two (2) 
minute temporary trading halt in that non-lead contract month of the primary futures contract.  
 
2. Limits Following Temporary Trading Halt  
 
Following the end of a temporary trading halt triggered by the lead contract month, the affected 
markets shall re-open simultaneously at the indicative opening price as determined by the Exchange 
in all contract months of the primary futures contract and in all contract months of the associated 
contracts of the primary futures contract as provided in the Table. When trading resumes, the 
dynamic lower and upper price fluctuation limits shall be recalculated as described above. Following 
the end of a temporary trading halt triggered by a non-lead contract month, the affected market shall 
re-open at the indicative opening price as determined by the Exchange and the dynamic lower and 
upper price fluctuation limits shall be recalculated as described above.  
 
3. Additional Characteristics 
 
On each trading day, should there be a triggering event in the lead contract month of the primary 
futures contract during such contract’s settlement determination period, there shall be a (5) five 
second temporary trading halt in all contract months of the primary futures contract and in all contract 
months of associated products of the primary futures contract as provided in the Table. If a non-lead 
contract month of the primary futures contract, or any contract month of an associated product of the 
primary futures contract, experiences a triggering event during the primary futures contract’s 
settlement determination period, there shall be a (5) five second temporary trading halt for that non-
lead contract month or that contract month of an associated product of the primary contract.  
Should there be a triggering event during the final settlement determination period in an expiring 
futures contract, there shall be a (5) five second temporary trading halt in that contract month. 
 
 
On each trading day, should there be a triggering event in the lead contract month of the primary 
futures contract during the (2) two-minute period preceding the close of trading, there shall be a (5) 
five second temporary trading halt in all contract months of the primary futures contract and in all 
contract months of associated products of the primary futures contract as provided in the Table. If a 
non-lead contract month of the primary futures contract, or any contract month of an associated 
product of the primary futures contract, experiences a triggering event during the (2) two-minute 
period preceding the close of trading of the primary futures contract, there shall be a (5) five second 
temporary trading halt for that non-lead contract month or that contract month of an associated 
product of the primary contract.  
 
POSITION LIMIT, POSITION ACCOUNTABILITY AND REPORTABLE LEVEL TABLE 
 
 
View table here (XLS) 
 
SPECIAL PRICE FLUCTUATION LIMITS AND DAILY PRICE LIMITS TABLE 
 
View table here (XLS) 
 
TRADING AT SETTLEMENT (“TAS”), BASIS TRADE AT INDEX CLOSE (“BTIC”), BASIS TRADE AT CASH 
OPEN (“TACO”) AND TRADE MARKER AT CLOSE (“TMAC”) TABLE 
 
View table here (XLS) 
 
RULE 539.C. CROSSING PROTOCOLS TABLE 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 48 of 51 
  
 
View table here (XLS) 
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES 
RELATING TO CHAPTER 5 
 
ACCESS, CONDUCT AND APPEARANCE CODE 
It is imperative that persons who utilize the Exchange Trading Floors (“trading floor”) maintain a proper and 
businesslike atmosphere on the trading floor.  This is not only for the benefit of the thousands of visitors (ranging 
from U.S. government officials to foreign dignitaries to the general public) who come to the Exchange each year, 
but also to maintain and enhance the reputation and dignity of the Exchange as an international marketplace. 
Accordingly, the Exchange has established rules governing access to and conduct on the trading floor as well as 
standards of appearance.  These rules and standards apply to members and their employees, member firm 
employees, Exchange employees and visitors. 
I. 
Access 
 
 
A. To gain access to the trading floor, every member, member's employee, member firm employee, and 
Exchange employee must use only his own personal access card to gain access to the trading floor.  
Exchange trading floor employees, other Exchange employees routinely on the trading floor and members 
must display their personal access card or their Exchange issued identification badge.  Non-member 
employees of members and member firms must display their personal access cards on the upper front of 
their jackets with the picture side facing outward.  Broker assistants must also wear a badge provided by 
the Exchange that identifies them as broker assistants. 
 
 
B. Members are required to register and accompany their visitors and are responsible for their actions 
while they are on the trading floor.  Visitors must wear appropriate attire that is clean and presentable and 
are not allowed in any pit during trading hours.  Visitors' overcoats, packages, umbrellas or briefcases 
are not permitted on the trading floor. 
 
C. All visits by public figures to CME Group trading floors, offices and common areas must be approved 
and coordinated, in advance, by CME Group’s Public Affairs or Government Relations Department.  
Public figures include government officials and representatives, domestic and foreign dignitaries, 
politicians, celebrities, business leaders and all other high-profile individuals. 
 
D. Members may not request trading floor access privileges for the same visitor on more than three 
days of the same calendar month without the permission of designated Exchange staff of the Security 
Department. 
 
E. Visitors are prohibited from soliciting employment or from acting as employees of members, member 
firms or the Exchange on the trading floor. 
 
 
F. No one under the age of 16 will be admitted to the trading floor during trading hours. 
II. 
Conduct 
Commonly accepted standards of propriety and decorum apply to everyone on the trading floor.  The 
following behavior, speech or actions are expressly prohibited on the trading floor. 
A. Possessing any weapon (including, but not limited to, firearms, knives, stun guns or pepper spray); 
B. Carrying or consuming food or drink.  Individually-wrapped (non-chocolate) hard candy and gum, 
however, are permissible.   
 
 
C. Reckless throwing of trading cards or any other material; 
D. Excessive speed in moving around the trading floor; 
E. Use of emergency exits without proper justification; 
F. 
Smoking or use of tobacco products, including chewing tobacco; 
G. Use of members-only facilities by non-members; 
H. Failure to give member priority to quotation machines, news tickers, monitors and other facilities 
where such member priority is so designated; 
I. 
Engaging in any activity that is disruptive to trading; 
J. 
The sale or solicitation of goods or services without consent of the Exchange; 
K. Having outer coats or umbrellas on the trading floor;  


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 49 of 51 
L. 
Use of cameras or video equipment, unless authorized by the Exchange.  Flash photography, 
however, is never permitted. 
 
In addition, the following activities are prohibited anywhere on Exchange premises: 
M. Any behavior, speech or actions that are detrimental to the interests and good name of the Exchange 
(this includes any conduct which is a violation of any local, state or federal law); 
N. Profanity, vulgarity (including wearing buttons with crude or offensive slogans or pictures) or any 
speech or action that tends to intimidate, degrade or endanger others; 
O. Defacing or otherwise damaging: 1) an Exchange-issued badge or jacket; 2) Exchange facilities or 
property; or 3) any facility or property regardless of ownership; 
P. Possessing a firearm or other weapon; 
Q. Discarding refuse on escalators or in elevators or in hallways or lobbies; and 
R. Harassment related to race/color, sex/gender, sexual orientation, age, religion, veteran status, 
national origin and disability/medical condition is  expressly prohibited. 
III. 
Appearance 
A. All apparel should be neat, clean, presentable and in keeping with the businesslike atmosphere of 
the trading floor. 
B. Jackets: Where required, every member, member's employee, member firm employee and 
Exchange trading floor employee must wear a jacket provided by the Exchange or their employer, 
or, in the case of members, a jacket of their own choosing.  All jackets must conform to Exchange 
standards.  Guests may not wear trading jackets on the trading floor during trading hours. 
C. Shirts: All men must wear shirts with a collar suitable for a necktie or bow tie.  Shirts must be buttoned 
to at least the second button from the collar.  Golf-type shirts are permitted.  Shirttails must be tucked 
in.  Turtleneck sweaters are not allowed for men.  Crewneck sweaters are allowed if a conventional 
collar suitable for a necktie or bow tie is visible.  Sweatshirts, tie-dye shirts and T-shirts are prohibited. 
D. Shoes: Shoes must be clean, safe and not torn or frayed.  The following footwear is specifically 
prohibited: all shoes without backs, canvas slippers, moccasins, rubber boots, rubber overshoes, 
clogs, bedroom slippers, and shoes with platforms over 2 inches.  All shoes must be tied with laces 
or appropriately fastened.   
E. Pants: The following pants are specifically prohibited: blue jeans, shorts and sweat pants.  Tight-
fitting stretch pants are allowed only when worn with blouse or shirt at mid-thigh or lower. 
F. 
Skirts and dresses: Skirts and dresses must reach mid-thigh or lower. 
G. Headwear: All headgear or head coverings are prohibited, except for religious or medical reasons. 
H. Miscellaneous: The following are specifically prohibited: sunglasses, ornaments, pendants or similar 
items that are distracting or unbusinesslike.  Clothing or accessories that draw unusual attention will 
be deemed unbusinesslike and not permitted on the trading floor. 
IV. 
Drug and Alcohol Abuse 
In order to maintain a safe, healthful, and productive working environment, the Exchange has established 
the following policy prohibiting drug and alcohol use on Exchange premises. 
The following activities are prohibited and may result in disciplinary action, including immediate and 
permanent bar of access to Exchange premises: 
 
A. Possession of open containers or use of alcohol, except as expressly authorized by the 
Exchange. 
 
B. Being under the influence of alcohol on Exchange premises. 
 
C. Use, sale, purchase, transfer, or possession of any illegal drug on Exchange premises. 
 
D. Failure on the part of non-members to submit to a reasonable search by authorized Exchange 
personnel of lunch boxes, bags, parcels, packages, purses, briefcases, pockets or coats, etc. 
Members and Member Firms are responsible for their employees’ strict adherence to these requirements.  
QUOTATION CHANGES 
I. 
GENERAL PROCEDURES  
 
 
A. Corrections requested up to 15 minutes from the time the bid, offer or trade occurred or reportedly 
occurred:  Changes must be authorized by a member of the Pit Committee or an Exchange Official. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 50 of 51 
 
 
B. Corrections requested more than 15 minutes from the time the bid, offer or trade occurred or 
reportedly occurred:  Changes must be authorized by: 
1. 
15-30 Minutes:  A member of the Pit Committee and one Exchange Official. 
 
2. 
Over 30 Minutes:  A member of the Pit Committee, a member of the Floor Conduct Committee 
and a Senior Exchange Official. 
 
 
C. Unanimous Approval Required:  Unanimous approval among the individuals participating in the quote 
change consideration is required to effectuate the requested change.   In the absence of unanimity, 
the proposed quote adjustment shall not be made. 
 
 
D. A request for a quote change which results in a new high or low for the day must be made within 5 
minutes (futures) or 10 minutes (options) of the time the bid, offer or trade occurred or reportedly 
occurred.   
A request for a quote change which affects an established opening range must be made within 15 
minutes after the posting of the range, or, in the case of a request for a quote change which affects 
an established closing range, within 10 minutes of the posting of the closing range.  Such requests 
shall be considered by a member of the Pit Committee, a Floor Conduct Committee member and a 
Senior Exchange Official.  Failure to make such a timely request will bar consideration of the quote 
change. The time limitations described in this Section D will not apply in the case of options strikes 
or futures contracts deemed by a Senior Exchange Official to be inactive or illiquid or in the case of 
a fast market designation. These requests may be considered by a member of the Pit Committee, a 
Floor Conduct Committee member and a Senior Exchange Official at any time during the same day’s 
trading session. 
 
 
E 
A decision to adjust a quote must be made within 15 minutes after a quote change request has been 
made.  However, in the event a fast market has been declared while the quote adjustment is under 
consideration, the period for consideration may continue for 15 minutes after the end of the fast 
market. To the extent practicable, quote change adjustments shall be announced to the pit. 
 
 
F. 
Reconsideration:  Once a request for a particular quote change has been resolved, or if no decision 
is reached within the allotted time pursuant to paragraph 5 above, a subsequent request for 
reconsideration involving the original quote or adjustment may be considered if a Senior Exchange 
Official deems that new relevant information pertaining to the original request is now available.  Such 
request for reconsideration must be considered by the same individuals who ruled on, or failed to 
reach a timely resolution of, the original request.  In the event one or more of the individuals who 
participated in the consideration of the original quote change request is unavailable to consider the 
request for reconsideration, a Senior Exchange Official shall designate a substitute.  However, this 
reconsideration process may not be utilized for a correction involving a quote change which results 
in a new high or low for the day, with the exception of option strikes or futures contracts deemed by 
a Senior Exchange Official to be inactive or illiquid, or in declared fast markets. 
 
 
G. Requests for Next Day Corrections 
If an outright options or options spread or combination quote has been inadvertently omitted from the 
price reporting system and such omission is not discovered until after the trading session, trades may 
be allowed to clear at the omitted price at any time prior to the opening of the affected market the 
next day, provided that all of the following requirements are satisfied: 
1. 
The parties to the trade can reasonably show that they properly reported the trade price and had 
a reasonable basis for believing that the trade price would be posted; 
2. 
The parties to the trade produce documentation of:  a) the contemporaneous recordation of the 
trade; b) the confirmation of the trade to the customer of the member firm representing the order; 
and c) the submission of the trade to the Exchange Clearing House and its failure to clear the 
trade due to a price edit; 
3. 
The change is authorized by a Senior Exchange Official; and 
4. 
The change is documented pursuant to Section II.B below. 
 
II. 
DOCUMENTATION NEEDED FOR QUOTATION CHANGES 
 
 
A. In the case of quote changes requested pursuant to Section I.A., a record shall be made of all 
committee members or Exchange employees approving the quote change and the change will be 
recorded on Time and Sales. 
 
 
B. In the case of quote changes requested pursuant to Section I.B.1., a hard copy record of the quote 
change shall be made by Exchange staff.  The individuals approving the change shall promptly sign 
the record.  The record shall be time-stamped upon request and again upon approval and shall 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 51 of 51 
include the reason for the change, and, in the case of a quote change requested pursuant to Section 
I.B.2., the reason for the delay.  For all approved quotation changes other than next day corrections 
pursuant to Section I.G above, the quotation change will be recorded on Time and Sales. 
III. 
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
No individual may authorize any quotation change, insertion or cancellation if such individual has a 
personal or financial interest in such change, insertion or cancellation. 
IV.  
AUTHORITY OF SENIOR EXCHANGE OFFICIALS WITH RESPECT TO QUOTATION CHANGES 
Senior Exchange Officials may review and authorize any request for a quotation change in circumstances 
where the individuals specified in Sections I and II are otherwise not available or where the change is not 
encompassed by Section I or II.  Notwithstanding the procedures set forth in Sections I and II, Senior 
Exchange Officials are empowered to authorize or deny any requested change only in circumstances 
where such action is necessary to ensure the integrity or promote the orderly functioning of the market.  
Such decisions by Senior Exchange Officials shall be documented and signed by the Senior Exchange 
Official and except for next day corrections pursuant to Section I.G above, the quotation change will be 
recorded on Time and Sales. 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 14 
 
CHAPTER 6 
ARBITRATION 
 
JURISDICTION 
600. 
 
DISPUTES SUBJECT TO CME ARBITRATION 
 
 
600.A. Disputes Among Members 
 
 
600.B. Disputes Between Members and Certain Non-Member Employees 
 
 
600.C. Claims Against the Exchange 
 
 
600.D. Permissive Arbitrations 
 
 
600.E. Waiver of Any Objection to Jurisdiction 
 
 
600.F. Hearing Panel 
601. 
 
CUSTOMER CLAIMS AGAINST MEMBERS 
 
 
601.A. Definitions 
 
 
601.B. Refusal to Hear Certain Disputes 
 
 
601.C. Initiation of Arbitration 
 
 
601.D. Referral to Arbitration Panel or Mixed Panel 
FILING PROCEDURES 
602. 
 
INITIATING AN ARBITRATION CLAIM 
603. 
 
ANSWERING AN ARBITRATION CLAIM 
604. 
 
FAILURE TO ANSWER 
605. 
 
COUNTERCLAIMS, CROSS-CLAIMS AND THIRD-PARTY CLAIMS 
606. 
 
REVIEW OF ARBITRABILITY 
607. 
 
CONSOLIDATION OF ARBITRATION DISPUTES 
608. 
 
WITHDRAWAL OF CLAIMS 
609. 
 
PERIOD OF ELIGIBILITY FOR ARBITRATION 
610. 
 
PARALLEL PROCEEDINGS 
PRE-HEARING PROCEDURES 
611. 
 
REQUESTS FOR DOCUMENTS, INFORMATION OR TESTIMONY 
612. 
 
DOCUMENTS AND WITNESSES TO BE PRESENTED AT HEARING 
613. 
 
ADDITIONAL PROCEDURES 
HEARINGS 
614. 
 
ARBITRATION PANEL 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 14 
 
 
 
614.A. Appointment of Arbitration Panel 
 
 
614.B. Requests to Remove an Arbitrator 
615. 
 
HEARING PROCEDURES 
 
 
615.A. Chairman 
 
 
615.B. Arbitrators 
 
 
615.C. Parties and their Representatives 
 
 
615.D. Witnesses 
 
 
615.E. Hearing Record 
DECISIONS 
616. 
 
AWARDS 
 
 
616.A. Decision by Panel 
 
 
616.B. Decision by the Chairman 
 
 
616.C. Limitations on Monetary Awards 
617. 
 
CORRECTION OF AWARD 
618. 
 
SATISFACTION OF AWARD 
APPEALS 
619. 
 
APPEALS 
620. 
 
STANDARDS AND PROCEDURES FOR REVIEW UPON APPEAL 
ADDITIONAL CLAIMS 
621. 
CERTAIN CLAIMS AGAINST THE EXCHANGE INVOLVING TRADING 
SYSTEMS OR SERVICES 
 
621.A. General 
 
621.B. Initial Liability Claim and Demand for Arbitration 
 
621.C. Selection of Arbitration Panel 
 
621.D. Related Claims 
 
621.E. Award 
 
621.F. Satisfaction of Award by Exchange 
622. 
CLAIMS RELATING TO TRADE CANCELLATIONS OR PRICE 
ADJUSTMENTS 
 
622.A. General 
 
622.B. Initiation of Claim 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 3 of 14 
 
 
622.C. Related Claims 
 
622.D. Award 
MISCELLANEOUS 
623. 
RIGHT TO COUNSEL 
624. 
COMPUTATION OF TIME 
625. 
SUBMISSIONS TO OR COMMUNICATIONS WITH THE PANEL 
626. 
ARBITRATION FEES 
ARBITRATION COMMITTEE 
627. 
ARBITRATION COMMITTEE 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 4 of 14 
 
Chapter 6 
Arbitration 
 
JURISDICTION 
600. 
DISPUTES SUBJECT TO CME ARBITRATION 
600.A. Disputes Among Members 
It is contrary to the objectives and policy of the Exchange for members to litigate certain 
Exchange-related disputes.  Disputes between and among members that are described below 
and that are based upon facts and circumstances that occurred at a time when the parties 
were members shall be subject to mandatory arbitration in accordance with the rules of this 
Chapter: 
1. 
claims between members that relate to or arise out of any transaction on or subject to the 
rules of the Exchange; 
2. 
claims between or among members relating to ownership of, or interests in, trading rights 
on the Exchange; and 
3. 
claims between members relating to the enforceability of: 
a. 
non-compete clauses to the extent they relate to the Exchange, 
b. 
terms of employment on the trading floor, and 
c. 
financial arrangements relating to the resolution of error trades in Exchange products 
that are included in any employment agreement. 
Nothing in this rule, however, shall require a member employee to submit to arbitration any 
claim that includes allegations of a violation of federal, state or local employment 
discrimination, wage payment or benefits laws. 
600.B. Disputes Between Members and Certain Non-Member Employees 
The enforceability of the following provisions of an employment agreement entered into on or 
after August 1, 1998, between a member and a non-member employee registered pursuant to 
Rule 501 shall be subject to mandatory arbitration in accordance with the rules of this Chapter: 
1. 
non-compete clauses to the extent that they relate to the Exchange;  and 
2. 
terms of employment on the trading floor. 
Nothing in this rule, however, shall require a non-member employee to submit to arbitration 
any claim that includes allegations of a violation of federal, state or local employment 
discrimination, wage payment or benefits laws.  A non-member employee shall mean a 
member's bona fide employee who has been registered by the Exchange to work on the 
trading floor.  
600.C. Claims Against the Exchange 
Claims against the Exchange pursuant to the provisions of Rule 578.C., Rule 578.D., Rule 
578.F., and/or Rule 579.C. shall be subject to mandatory arbitration in accordance with the 
rules of this Chapter, provided the claimant has complied with all pre-filing requirements under 
the applicable rule(s). 
600.D. Permissive Arbitrations 
The following may be submitted for arbitration at the Exchange and, in the event such a claim 
is submitted against a member, that member is required to arbitrate the dispute under these 
rules, unless otherwise provided: 
1. 
claims of a customer against a member that relate to or arise out of any transaction on or 
subject to the rules of the Exchange; 
2. 
claims against an Exchange clearing member and its Globex user pursuant to Rule 
588.E., provided that any non-member Globex user has consented to arbitration of the 
dispute at the Exchange within 21 days of receipt of a claim; 
3. 
claims of a customer against a clearing member responsible for the spot-call delivery 
performance of a transaction on or subject to the rules of the Exchange and/or against a 
member in connection with such a transaction; 
4. 
claims of an SGX member against a member that relate to or arise out of transactions 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 5 of 14 
 
subject to or relating to the Mutual Offset System; 
5. 
claims of a non-member (other than those claims required to be arbitrated under Rule 
600.B) against a member that relate to or arise out of employment on the trading floor; 
6. 
claims by or against an entity whose majority ownership is held by Exchange members 
and whose principal business relates to activity on or at the Exchange, where the dispute 
has a material connection to the business or purpose of the Exchange, provided such 
entity has consented to arbitration of the dispute at the Exchange within 20 days of receipt 
of a claim; and 
7. 
at the discretion of the Chief Regulatory Officer, any claim involving the interests of the 
Exchange, its members, their business relations or commodity futures trading in general 
not otherwise arbitrable under these rules, provided the parties have consented to such 
arbitration. 
600.E. 
Waiver of Any Objection to Jurisdiction  
Any member or non-member who submits a claim or grievance to arbitration or any member 
who appeals to a hearing committee of the Board from any panel decision, or who takes any 
steps therein, shall be conclusively presumed to have voluntarily recognized and agreed to the 
jurisdiction of the panel or hearing committee of the Board to hear and determine the claim or 
appeal. 
600.F. 
Hearing Panel 
Any claim involving only members shall be heard by a Member panel and its decision shall be 
rendered in accordance with the rules of this Chapter.  A Member panel shall mean an 
arbitration panel consisting of a co-chairman of the Arbitration Committee and five Members as 
defined in Rule 400. 
601. 
CUSTOMER CLAIMS AGAINST MEMBERS 
601.A. Definitions 
1. 
Customer.  Customer shall mean any person, not a member of the Exchange, who places 
an order or for whose account an order is placed for execution on the Exchange or who 
otherwise executes a transaction on or subject to the rules of the Exchange. 
2. 
Claim.  Claim shall mean any dispute arising out of any transaction on or subject to the 
rules of the Exchange, including mutual offset rules.  
3. 
Mixed Panel.  Mixed Panel shall mean an arbitration panel consisting of a co-chairman of 
the Arbitration Committee and five Arbitration Committee members, three of whom shall 
be persons who are non-members and who are not associated with any member of a 
contract market, or employee thereof, and are not otherwise associated with a contract 
market. 
4. 
Member.  Member as used in this Chapter shall mean 1) members and clearing members 
of the Exchange, including retired members with floor access privileges and individuals 
and entities described in Rule 106; 2) associated persons (“APs”) and affiliates of clearing 
members and member firms of the Exchange; 3) guaranteed introducing brokers of 
clearing members and member firms of the Exchange and their APs; 4) Exchange permit 
holders; 5) regular firms; and 6) individuals and entities that have agreed in writing to 
comply with the rules of the Exchange. 
5. 
Punitive Damages.  Punitive damages shall mean an award in excess of actual damages 
suffered.  Punitive damages shall be limited to twice the amount of actual damages and 
may be awarded only to a customer after a determination that there has been willful and 
wanton misconduct in the execution or handling of an order by a member or an employee 
acting on behalf of a member. 
601.B. Refusal to Hear Certain Disputes 
A chairman may, but shall not be required to, order that a dispute that is otherwise arbitrable 
under these rules not be arbitrated hereunder if the dispute requires for adjudication the 
presence of essential witnesses or third parties over whom the Exchange has no jurisdiction or 
who are not otherwise available, or if the dispute requires the application of the rules of 
another exchange.  
601.C. Initiation of Arbitration 
In the event that a complaint is received by the Exchange from a customer, it shall be referred 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 6 of 14 
 
to the Market Regulation Department, which shall inform the customer of alternative dispute 
settlement forums and, when appropriate, forward to the customer a Consent Form for 
arbitration at the Exchange.  Such form shall inform the customer, by attachment of all 
pertinent rules, of the customer's rights and liabilities, including costs associated with 
arbitration, and the option of selecting an arbitration panel consisting of Exchange members or 
a Mixed Panel to decide the claim and any counterclaims, cross-claims or third-party claims.   
A customer who submits a claim for arbitration in accordance with these rules consents 
thereby to the jurisdiction of the arbitrators and agrees to the arbitration of any counterclaims, 
cross-claims or third-party claims by any respondent which arise out of the transaction that is 
the subject of the customer's claim.  The claim shall comply with the requirements of Rule 602, 
and in the case of a request for punitive damages, the claim shall set forth the facts the 
customer intends to present in support of the claim that the misconduct was willful and wanton. 
The customer shall file a completed Consent Form and deposit the arbitration fee with the 
Market Regulation Department.  Notice shall then be given to the member against whom the 
claim is asserted, who shall respond to the claim in accordance with Rule 603. 
601.D. Referral to Arbitration Panel or Mixed Panel 
A Customer claim against a member shall be heard by the type of panel selected by the 
customer and its decision shall be rendered in accordance with the rules of this Chapter.  
Customer claims (and any counterclaims, cross-claims or third-party claims applicable thereto) 
that do not exceed $5,000 and do not include any claim for punitive damages may, in the 
interests of efficiency and economy, be resolved without hearing.  The panel shall render its 
decision based upon the parties’ written submissions and any other relevant information 
obtained and provided to the panel and the parties at the direction of the chairman and/or the 
panel.   
 
FILING PROCEDURES 
602. 
INITIATING AN ARBITRATION CLAIM 
A claimant may initiate a claim by submitting a written description of the dispute, a completed 
Arbitration Cover Sheet and depositing the appropriate arbitration fee with the Market 
Regulation Department within the period of eligibility for arbitration claims.  The written claim 
shall include a clear description of the facts and circumstances involved in the dispute, 
including the transaction(s) or agreement(s) complained of, the names of the persons and 
firms alleged to be responsible for any loss to the claimant, the dates of all acts or omissions 
relevant to the claim, a detailed calculation of the amount claimed and any other information 
necessary to fully describe the dispute. 
The Market Regulation Department shall reject for filing any claim that does not fully describe 
the dispute, is clearly filed after the period of eligibility has expired or is clearly not arbitrable at 
the Exchange.  Such a claim will be promptly returned to the filing party with a notice 
describing the deficiency.  A claimant seeking to correct the deficiency and file an amended 
claim may do so within 30 days of receiving notice describing the deficiency despite any 
expiration of the period of eligibility prescribed by Rule 609 during that 30-day period.  The 
acceptance for filing by the Market Regulation Department shall not preclude a challenge to 
the arbitrability of the claim nor create a presumption that the claim is arbitrable. 
603. 
ANSWERING AN ARBITRATION CLAIM 
Each respondent shall file a written response within 21 days after receipt of the written claim.  
However, if a party has timely filed a challenge to the arbitrability of the dispute, its response 
shall be due 21 days after receipt of the written decision confirming the arbitrability of the 
dispute. 
The written answer must admit the claim or describe the respondent’s basis for denying liability 
to the claimant(s).  The answer may include an admission or denial of each specific allegation 
contained in the claim and/or the respondent’s narrative description of the facts and 
circumstances involved in the dispute.  A respondent may assert in an answer any defense 
that would be available in a court of law or equity, including any affirmative defense. 
604. 
FAILURE TO ANSWER 
A respondent’s unexcused failure to file a timely answer shall constitute an admission of the 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 7 of 14 
 
facts alleged in a claim. 
605. 
COUNTERCLAIMS, CROSS-CLAIMS AND THIRD-PARTY CLAIMS  
A respondent may assert any counterclaim, cross-claim and/or third-party claim to the extent 
such claim would be allowable as an original claim under these rules and, in response to 
claims by a customer against a member, the member may assert any counterclaim, cross-
claim and/or third-party claim arising out of the same transaction or incident that is the subject 
of the customer’s claim.  Each respondent must file any counterclaim, cross-claim or third-
party claim at the same time an answer to a claim is due.  Initiating counterclaims, cross-
claims, third-party claims and answers thereto shall conform to the requirements for initiating 
and answering original claims. 
A respondent who believes that another member may have a claim to any money or property 
which is the subject of a dispute in arbitration and that the failure of that other member to 
assert a claim in the pending arbitration could prejudice the interests of the respondent may 
submit a request to the chairman to compel the participation of the other member.  If a member 
fails to file such claim after being ordered to assert that claim in the pending arbitration, then 
notwithstanding any other rule, that member shall be barred from asserting in the future any 
claim against the respondent that is based on the same transaction, occurrence or subject. 
606. 
REVIEW OF ARBITRABILITY 
Any party may file a challenge to the arbitrability of a dispute submitted for arbitration at the 
Exchange.  A party’s failure to file a timely challenge to arbitrability shall waive any right to 
object thereafter to the arbitrability of the dispute. 
A challenge to arbitrability by a claimant must be filed no later than 5 days after the claim is 
submitted for arbitration.  A challenge to arbitrability by a respondent must be filed no later 
than 10 days after the respondent has received notice of the claim.  The request must be in 
writing and state the reasons why the dispute is not arbitrable at the Exchange.  Any other 
party may file a written response in support of or opposition to the challenge no later than 10 
days after receiving notice of the challenge to arbitrability. 
The chairman may decide the arbitrability of a dispute based on his consideration of the written 
submissions of the parties.  The chairman’s decision shall be final and is not appealable. 
607. 
CONSOLIDATION OF ARBITRATION DISPUTES 
If a chairman receives notice that two or more arbitration disputes pending at the Exchange 
are related, the chairman may order that any or all of the disputes be consolidated for 
purposes of conducting a hearing on the disputes.  In determining whether to consolidate the 
disputes the chairman may consider the efficiencies of consolidation as well as the burdens 
and benefits to the parties in consolidating the disputes. 
608. 
WITHDRAWAL OF CLAIMS 
A. A party may voluntarily withdraw its claim, counterclaim, cross-claim or third-party claim 
without prejudice at any time before an answer thereto has been filed by notifying the 
Market Regulation Department in writing of such withdrawal.   
B. After an answer to any claim, counterclaim, cross-claim or third-party claim has been filed, 
the claimant seeking to withdraw the claim, counterclaim, cross-claim or third-party claim 
must submit to the chairman a written request to withdraw with prejudice or upon such 
terms and conditions as may be imposed by the chairman. 
C. A withdrawal with prejudice under this rule shall bar the claimant from re-filing any claim 
based on the same acts, transactions or omissions as the dismissed claim. 
609. 
PERIOD OF ELIGIBILITY FOR ARBITRATION 
An arbitration must be initiated within two years of the date the claimant knew or should have 
known of the dispute on which the claim is based, except that claims filed pursuant to Rule 
600.C. must be submitted within 10 days of receiving notice that the Exchange has refused to 
compensate the claimant for the claimed loss.   
Counterclaims, cross-claims and third-party claims must be submitted no later than the date on 
which the answer is due. 
610. 
PARALLEL PROCEEDINGS 
No claim will be accepted for arbitration at the Exchange if the Market Regulation Department 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 8 of 14 
 
receives notice that another arbitration, reparations action or civil court proceeding based on 
the same act, transaction or omission as the arbitration claim is pending at the time of filing. 
No claim, counterclaim, cross-claim or third party-claim will be accepted for arbitration against 
a respondent if the Market Regulation Department has received notice that a stay exists due to 
the pendency of any bankruptcy proceeding against that respondent.  If such a stay arises 
after a claim is accepted for arbitration or if the Market Regulation Department subsequently 
learns that such a stay is pending, the claim shall be dismissed without prejudice as to each 
respondent who is the subject of the stay.  Nothing in this rule shall prevent a claim in 
arbitration from proceeding against any remaining respondent. 
 
PRE-HEARING PROCEDURES 
611. 
REQUESTS FOR DOCUMENTS, INFORMATION OR TESTIMONY 
A. The initial schedule for document requests by parties and responses will be set by the 
Market Regulation Department.  The chairman may require any member, or any person 
employed by or associated with a member to produce relevant documents in his 
possession or control at any time after a claim has been filed. 
Upon the failure of a party or member to voluntarily produce relevant documents in its 
possession or control upon request by a party, the party seeking the documents may 
submit a written request to the chairman for an order compelling the production of such 
documents. 
1. 
Any request for an order compelling production of documents must: 
a.  identify each document or type of document sought with as much specificity as 
possible;  
b. 
explain the relevance of each document or type of document sought; and 
c. 
include a representation that the requesting party has attempted to obtain the 
documents from the responding party before resorting to a request to the 
chairman. 
2. 
The party or member against whom an order compelling production is sought shall: 
a. 
produce copies of the requested documents to the requesting party and the 
Exchange; or 
b. 
represent in writing that the documents are not in his possession or control and 
explain the basis for such representation, and, if applicable, identify who is in 
possession or control of the requested documents; or 
c. 
object in writing to a request and provide the basis for each objection. 
B. In connection with any claim, counterclaim, cross-claim or third-party claim that seeks 
relief in excess of $50,000, any party may seek leave from the chairman to serve written 
requests for information on any other party.  The chairman shall have discretion to 
determine whether and under what circumstances such requests may be permitted. 
C. The chairman may require any member, or any person employed by or associated with a 
member, to appear and to testify at a hearing.   
D. Whenever such production or appearance results from the request of a party, all 
reasonable costs and expenses incurred shall be borne by the party making the request, 
unless directed otherwise by the panel.  A party who incurs costs and expenses 
recoverable under this rule may, no later than the close of the last hearing date in the 
matter, submit an application to the panel for such costs and expenses.  Such application 
shall contain a detailed explanation of amounts claimed.  The panel may grant or deny all 
or any portion of the application. 
E. Any member or employee thereof failing to appear, testify, produce documents or provide 
information in accordance with this rule may be charged with a violation of Rule 432.  
612. 
DOCUMENTS AND WITNESSES TO BE PRESENTED AT HEARING 
No later than 10 business days prior to the first scheduled hearing, each party must provide 
every other party and the Exchange with copies of all documents that the party intends to offer 
into evidence and a list of the names of all witnesses, including party-witnesses, who the party 
intends to call at the hearing in support of a claim or defense.  Parties are not required under 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 9 of 14 
 
this rule to provide copies of those documents that they may use, or to identify any witnesses 
whom they may call, only in cross-examination or rebuttal. 
613. 
ADDITIONAL PROCEDURES 
The chairman may establish any procedures not otherwise contemplated by these rules 
necessary to establish a just, equitable and efficient method of resolving a particular dispute, 
except that the chairman may not decide a motion to dismiss a claim, as motions to dismiss 
are not permitted under these rules. 
 
HEARINGS 
614. 
ARBITRATION PANEL 
614.A. Appointment of Arbitration Panel 
The Market Regulation Department shall select a panel of arbitrators from the Exchange’s 
Arbitration Committee to hear and decide a dispute.  The panel shall consist of five arbitrators 
and one chairman.   
614.B. Requests to Remove an Arbitrator 
1. 
Each party may request the removal of any arbitrator(s) from a panel for good cause 
shown.  Such request must be made no later than the start of testimony at the first 
scheduled hearing.  Failure of a party to timely request the removal of any arbitrator(s) will 
be deemed a waiver of that party’s right to any further objection to the arbitrator’s 
participation in the hearing and decision of the dispute. 
2. 
The chairman, after considering a request to remove an arbitrator, another party’s 
objections thereto and/or the statements of an arbitrator whose removal is sought, may 
deny the request or excuse the arbitrator.  The chairman’s decision shall be final and may 
not be appealed. 
3. 
If an arbitrator is excused prior to the date of the first scheduled hearing, the Market 
Regulation Department shall select another Arbitration Committee member to replace the 
excused arbitrator at the hearing.  Parties may make any appropriate request for the 
removal of the replacement arbitrator under this rule. 
4. 
If an arbitrator is excused on or after the date of the first scheduled hearing, the dispute 
may, at the election of the non-requesting party and with the consent of the chairman be 
heard and decided by the remaining arbitrators. 
615. 
HEARING PROCEDURES 
615.A. Chairman 
The panel chairman shall preside over the proceeding and shall make such determinations on 
relevancy and procedure as will promote a fair and expeditious adjudication of any claim.  The 
chairman may administer oaths or affirmations by witnesses.  Upon request of the panel 
chairman, the Market Regulation Department shall submit any documents to the panel and 
parties in the Exchange's possession that are relevant and readily available. 
615.B. Arbitrators 
The arbitration panel shall consider all relevant, probative testimony and documents submitted 
by the parties.  The panel shall be the sole judge of the law and the facts, but if the panel is in 
doubt as to any questions of law, it may refer the question to Exchange legal counsel for an 
opinion.  The panel shall not be bound by the formal rules of evidence. The final decision of the 
panel shall be by majority vote of the arbitrators, and the chairman shall vote only to resolve a 
tie.   
615.C. Parties and their Representatives 
Each party and his representative has the right to examine all relevant documents prior to and 
during the hearing, to present all relevant evidence in support of a claim or defense or as 
rebuttal to a claim or defense, and to question during the hearing witnesses presented in 
connection with a claim or defense.  An entity may have one corporate representative of the 
entity, in addition to any counsel of record, attend the arbitration hearing.  Such corporate 
representative will not be precluded from testifying in the matter. 
615.D. Witnesses 
All testimony offered to the panel will be under oath or affirmation.  Witnesses will be permitted 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 10 of 14 
 
in the hearing room only while providing testimony to the panel.  Witnesses shall testify in 
person at the hearing, except that for good cause shown and in the discretion of the chairman, 
a witness may be allowed to testify by telephone or other appropriate means.   
615.E. 
Hearing Record 
An audio recording of the proceeding shall be made by the Market Regulation Department. 
Unless otherwise ordered by a chairman of the Arbitration Committee, Business Conduct 
Committee or a duly  appointed Hearing Panel of the Board of Directors, a copy of the audio 
recording will be released to a party only for the purpose of perfecting an appeal of a decision 
rendered by a Panel or upon application to confirm, vacate, modify or correct an award in a 
court of law.  The requesting party shall bear the cost of copying the recording. 
 
 
DECISIONS 
616. 
AWARDS 
616.A. Decision by Panel 
After a hearing, or, on customer claims that do not exceed $5,000 upon consideration of the 
pleadings and other relevant information, the arbitration panel shall issue a written decision 
signed by the panel chairman and at least a majority of the panel.  The panel may decide any 
matter in controversy and issue any order the panel deems necessary to fully resolve the 
dispute.  The Market Regulation Department shall promptly serve copies on all parties.  A 
monetary award made by the panel may include the following:  
1. 
actual damages;  
2. 
interest thereon;  
3. 
punitive damages of no more than two times the amount of actual damages in accordance 
with Rule 601.A.5.;  
4. 
the arbitration fee incurred by a prevailing party, or a portion thereof; and  
5. 
all or any portion of the administrative costs of the proceeding and any other reasonable 
and necessary expenses, including, but not limited to, attorneys' fees (a) incurred by a 
party by reason of another party's frivolous or bad faith claim, defense, or conduct during 
the arbitration or (b) where a statutory or contractual basis exists for awarding such fees.  
Requests for attorneys' fees and costs incurred in the arbitration proceeding must be 
raised in the proceeding or they are waived. 
616.B. Decision by the Chairman 
The chairman may order a party who fails to prosecute or defend a claim to pay to the 
Exchange all or a portion of its administrative costs incurred in connection with the arbitration 
claim.  
616.C. Limitations on Monetary Awards  
Monetary awards in claims filed pursuant to Rule 621 shall be limited as set forth in Rule 578. 
617. 
CORRECTION OF AWARD 
Any party may, within three days after receipt of the notice of decision, request the arbitration 
panel to modify or correct its decision where there has been an obvious material miscalculation 
or misdescription or where the notice is imperfect in a matter of form not affecting the merits of 
the dispute or decision. 
618. 
SATISFACTION OF AWARD 
A party directed to pay an award shall submit payment of the amount due directly to the party 
receiving the award.  An arbitration award must be satisfied within 15 days of receipt of the 
notice of decision.  If a request is made to correct an award pursuant to Rule 617, the award 
must be satisfied within 15 days of receipt of the corrected notice of decision. 
A party making payment must submit proof of payment to the Market Regulation Department 
no later than the business day following payment.  An individual member who fails to provide 
proof of payment within the time prescribed will forfeit the following privileges until proof of 
payment has been provided: 1) access to all CME Group markets; 2) access to the Globex 
platform; and 3) access to any other electronic trading or clearing platform owned or controlled 
by CME Group.  An entity member that fails to provide proof of payment within the time 
prescribed will forfeit preferred fee treatment for its proprietary trading.  Any member that fails 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 11 of 14 
 
to pay an arbitration award within the time prescribed may be subject to sanctions pursuant to 
Rule 432.R and may be immediately removed from any trading floor or facility owned or 
controlled by CME Group. 
 
APPEALS 
619. 
APPEALS 
Any decision rendered in a dispute among members resulting in a non-cash award or involving 
a claim, counterclaim, cross-claim or third-party claim that sought a recovery over $10,000 
may be appealed to an appellate panel of the Board (“Appellate Panel”). All other decisions 
rendered by an arbitration panel are final and may not be appealed. In order to appeal a 
decision, a party must, within 10 days of receipt of the notice of decision, file with the Market 
Regulation Department a written request stating the grounds for the appeal and the specific 
error or impropriety of the original decision based upon the standards set forth in Rule 620 and 
deposit the applicable fee established by the Exchange. Within 15 days of receipt of the notice 
of decision, the appellant must deposit with the Market Regulation Department a cashier’s or 
certified check payable to CME Group in the amount of any monetary award against such 
appellant. 
Failure to timely comply with these requirements for appeal, when applicable, shall constitute a 
waiver of any right to appeal and render the arbitrators’ decision final and binding. 
Within 15 days after filing a request for an appeal, the appellant shall file with the Market 
Regulation Department any argument and any documents or information that the appellant 
intends to use in support of the appeal. The appellee shall have 15 days thereafter to file 
whatever documents or information he intends to rely upon in opposition to the appeal. An 
extension beyond the 15-day filing period may be granted by the Market Regulation 
Department upon a showing of good cause. In the case of a non-cash award, the filing of the 
notice of appeal shall not stay the decision appealed from unless the panel from which the 
appeal is taken or the Chief Regulatory Officer specifically directs that the decision be stayed. 
The appeal will be determined by an Appellate Panel consisting of three directors appointed by 
the Chairman of the Board, one of whom the Chairman of the Board shall designate as 
chairman of the Appellate Panel. No director may serve on an Appellate Panel if he has a 
personal or financial interest in the matter under consideration. A party may strike any member 
of the Appellate Panel for good cause shown as determined by the Chief Regulatory Officer, in 
which event that director shall be excused and the Chairman of the Board shall then select an 
alternate director from the Board. Any meeting of the Appellate Panel shall require the 
presence, either in person or by telephone, of each director appointed to the Appellate Panel 
and shall be conducted by the chairman of the Appellate Panel.  
The Appellate Panel may, by unanimous vote, determine that the appeal will be decided based 
solely upon the parties’ written submissions, the record from the arbitration proceeding and 
any other relevant information provided by the parties to the Appellate Panel.  Any information 
provided by one party must be provided to all parties to the appeal.  Additionally, the parties 
may, upon unanimous consent, request that the Appellate Panel consider the matter based 
solely on the parties’ written submissions, subject to the approval of the Appellate Panel. 
620. 
STANDARDS AND PROCEDURES FOR REVIEW UPON APPEAL 
In the following cases, the hearing committee may enter an order amending or vacating the 
award of the arbitration panel:  
A. Where the award was procured by corruption, fraud or undue means; 
B. Where there was evident partiality or corruption on the part of any of the arbitrators or the 
chairman; 
C. Where the arbitrators were guilty of misconduct in refusing to hear relevant evidence; or of 
any other behavior by which the rights of any party have been prejudiced; 
D. Where the arbitrators exceeded their powers, or so imperfectly executed them that a 
mutual, final, and definite award upon the dispute submitted was not made; or 
E. Where the arbitrators acted in manifest disregard of the applicable law, including 
Exchange rules. 
The hearing committee shall consider only the record made before the panel and any other 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 12 of 14 
 
evidence submitted by the parties relevant to A. through E. above.  In the event that the 
hearing committee determines to vacate the award, the matter shall be resubmitted to a new 
panel of arbitrators for a rehearing.  In the event that the hearing committee amends the award 
or denies the appeal, such decision of the hearing committee shall be final and binding. 
 
ADDITIONAL CLAIMS 
621. 
CERTAIN CLAIMS AGAINST THE EXCHANGE INVOLVING TRADING SYSTEMS 
OR SERVICES 
621.A. General 
All claims arising out of or relating to the following matters shall be arbitrated in accordance 
with the specific requirements of this Rule 621 and, to the extent not inconsistent with such 
requirements, the rules of this Chapter: 
1. 
receipt of an incorrect order status or the failure to have received an appropriate order 
status;  
2. 
the negligence of GCC personnel or any other Exchange staff; or 
3. 
Phantom Orders, as defined in Rule 578.F. 
Nothing in Rules 621 or 622 shall be construed to create a claim against the Exchange, to limit 
a defense available to the Exchange, or to obviate or modify any limitation of Exchange liability 
imposed by any other rule. 
621.B. Initial Liability Claim and Demand for Arbitration 
The initial claim of loss, including a detailed description of any loss suffered, must be made to 
the Exchange within ten business days of the date of the incident that caused the loss.  The 
Exchange shall have 30 business days to pay or deny the claim in whole or in part.  If the 
Exchange denies the claim in whole or in part, the claimant must file a written demand for 
arbitration with the Market Regulation Department within ten business days after the Exchange 
has notified the claimant of such denial.  A claimant’s failure to pursue its claim within these 
time limits shall bar any recovery on such claim.  
621.C. Selection of Arbitration Panel 
The arbitration panel shall consist of three non-member arbitrators from the Exchange’s 
Arbitration Committee.  The panel shall choose a chairman.  
621.D. Related Claims 
All claims arising out of the same system failure, event or alleged negligent act shall, to the 
extent practicable in the determination of the chairman, be consolidated for a single hearing.  
621.E. 
Award 
Within 30 days of completion of the hearing, the panel shall issue a written decision.  The 
award shall be limited to the lesser of the actual loss or the loss that would have been incurred 
if the claimant had used its best efforts to mitigate the loss.  Punitive damages, loss of profits, 
loss of use, and indirect, incidental or consequential damages shall not be awarded.  The 
decision of a majority of the panel shall be final and binding, and there shall be no appeal to a 
hearing committee of the Board of Directors.  A party may move, within three business days of 
the award, that the award be corrected to remedy any miscalculation or misdescription or 
where the award is otherwise imperfect in a matter of form not affecting the merits of the 
award.  
621.F. 
Satisfaction of Award by Exchange 
The Exchange shall satisfy any award against it subject to its limitation of liability rules and the 
rules respecting proration among claimants where damages allowed for a defined period of 
time exceed any limit imposed by Exchange rules.  The Exchange may delay paying any 
award until such time as any applicable proration or limitation can be finally calculated.   
622. 
CLAIMS RELATING TO TRADE CANCELLATIONS OR PRICE ADJUSTMENTS 
622.A. General 
All claims relating to price adjustments or trade cancellations pursuant to Rule 588 shall be 
arbitrated in accordance with the specific requirements of this Rule 622 and, to the extent not 
inconsistent with such requirements, the rules of this Chapter.   


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 13 of 14 
 
622.B. Initiation of Claim 
Any claim for loss under Rule 588 must first be submitted to the Exchange as described in 
Rule 588.E.  Following a denial of liability by a party responsible for a trade cancellation or 
price adjustment and by the clearing firm through which the trade was placed, the claimant 
may file an arbitration claim with the Market Regulation Department.  The Market Regulation 
Department shall administer the arbitration and provide notice to all parties.   
The party alleged to have made the trade that caused the trade cancellation or price 
adjustment and the clearing firm through which that trade was placed both may be 
respondents in the arbitration.  Any party responsible for a trade cancellation or price 
adjustment who is not otherwise subject to arbitration under these rules may voluntarily submit 
to such arbitration by filing a submission agreement with the Market Regulation Department 
within 21 days of that party’s receipt of notice of the referral to arbitration.  In the absence of 
the voluntary submission to arbitration by such party, the arbitration shall proceed solely 
against the clearing firm through which the trade was placed, and that firm shall be liable for 
any damages awarded by the panel.  
622.C. Related Claims 
All claims arbitrable under this rule that arise out of a trade cancellation or price adjustment 
that was caused by the same incident shall, to the extent practicable in the determination of 
the chairman, be consolidated for a single hearing.  
622.D. Award  
Within 30 days of completion of the hearing, the panel shall issue a written decision signed by 
a majority of the arbitrators.    Except as provided below, the claims shall be limited to realized 
losses.  Any award shall be made jointly and severally against the respondents.  In the event 
the panel finds the respondent(s) liable for the full amount of the claim, the panel shall also 
award the claimants their costs and attorneys fees incurred in connection with arbitrating the 
claim.   
Punitive damages, loss of profits, loss of use, and indirect, incidental or consequential 
damages shall not be awarded.  The decision of a majority of the panel shall be final and may 
not be appealed.  A party may move, within three business days of the award, for an order 
correcting or modifying the award to remedy any miscalculation or misdescription or where the 
award is otherwise imperfect in a matter of form not affecting the merits of the award. 
  
MISCELLANEOUS 
623. 
RIGHT TO COUNSEL 
Every person is entitled to represent his own interests, be represented by an attorney at law of 
his choosing and at his own expense who is admitted to practice before the highest court in 
any State, or be represented by any other non-compensated representative at any stage of an 
arbitration proceeding at the Exchange.  An entity must be represented by an officer or owner 
of the entity or by an attorney at law. Notwithstanding the above, no person may be 
represented by a member of the Arbitration Committee, a member of the Board, an employee 
of CME Group or any person related to the arbitration.  
624. 
COMPUTATION OF TIME 
For the purposes of this Chapter, when a period of time is prescribed by a number of days, and 
not a specific date, the first day counted for the time prescribed is the day after notice is 
received or other event giving rise to the period of time occurs.  Any submission is due or the 
time to take action shall lapse by the close of business on the last day counted, unless the last 
day is a weekend or Exchange holiday, in which case the due date shall be the next following 
day the Exchange is open for business. 
For time periods of five days or less only days the Exchange is open for business will be 
counted.  For all other time periods calendar days will be counted. 
625. 
SUBMISSIONS TO OR COMMUNICATIONS WITH THE PANEL 
Any submission for consideration by a chairman or panel must be submitted to the Market 
Regulation Department with copies simultaneously served on each other party or designated 
representative of a party. 
After a dispute has been submitted for arbitration, a person filing the claim or required to 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 14 of 14 
 
respond to the claim and any person asked to provide documents, information or testimony in 
connection with such claim shall not contact any member of a panel appointed to hear the 
claim for any purpose related to the dispute described by the claim.   
626. 
ARBITRATION FEES 
Any person submitting an arbitration claim or appealing a decision of an arbitration panel shall 
remit the applicable fees as may be determined by the Exchange at the time of submission or 
appeal, in order for such action to be effective.  
 
ARBITRATION COMMITTEE 
627. 
ARBITRATION COMMITTEE 
Each member of the Arbitration Committee shall: 
A. be appointed by the Board Chairman on an annual basis; 
B. pledge to the Exchange that he will not publish, divulge, or make known in any manner 
any facts or information which may come to his attention while performing his duties as a 
member of the Arbitration Committee, except when reporting to the Board, or to a 
committee concerned with such information, or when called upon to respond in any 
judicial or administrative proceeding; 
C. comply with the standards of the American Bar Association-American Arbitration 
Association’s “Code of Ethics for Arbitrators in Commercial Disputes” which the Exchange 
hereby adopts as its own code of ethics for arbitrators; 
D. pledge to immediately disclose any matter, relationship or interest with any party or the 
subject of a dispute which may affect the arbitrator’s ability to be, or create the 
appearance that the arbitrator is not, impartial in deliberating and deciding a dispute; and 
E. promptly give notice to the Market Regulation Department of any ex parte communication 
directed to such Arbitration Committee member which is prohibited by Rule 625. 
(End of Chapter 6) 
 
 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 15 
 
CHAPTER 7 
DELIVERY FACILITIES AND PROCEDURES 
 
 
GENERAL 
700. 
 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
701. 
 
DECLARATIONS OF FORCE MAJEURE 
702. 
 
CLEARING MEMBER DUTIES TO THE CLEARING HOUSE 
 
DELIVERY FACILITIES AND PROCEDURES FOR AGRICULTURAL COMMODITIES 
703. 
 
APPROVED LIVESTOCK YARDS AND SLAUGHTER PLANTS FOR LIVE CATTLE 
 
 
703.A. Conditions for Approval 
 
 
703.B. Delivery Location 
704. 
 
REVOCATION, EXPIRATION OR WITHDRAWAL OF REGULARITY 
705. 
 
[RESERVED] 
706. 
 
APPLICATION FOR GRADING 
707.-709. 
[RESERVED] 
710. 
 
LIABILITY FOR NEGLIGENCE OF GRADERS 
711. 
 
FINALITY OF USDA OR OTHER REQUIRED GRADING CERTIFICATE 
712. 
 
[RESERVED] 
713. 
 
DELIVERY PROCEDURES 
 
 
713.A. Notice of Intent to Deliver 
 
 
713.B. Delivery Notice 
 
 
713.C. Possession of Product and Relevant Documents 
 
 
713.D. Notice to Buyers 
 
 
713.E. Payment 
714. 
 
FAILURE TO DELIVER 
715. 
 
FAILURE TO ACCEPT DELIVERY OR REMIT FULL PAYMENT 
716. 
 
DUTIES OF CLEARING MEMBERS 
717. 
 
[RESERVED] 
718. 
CUSTOMER SUBSTITUTION IN THE EVENT OF CLEARING MEMBER 
BANKRUPTCY 
719. 
INITIAL REGULARITY FOR DELIVERY AGAINST A NEW FUTURES CONTRACT 
720-729. 
[RESERVED] 
 
 
CLS CURRENCY DELIVERIES 
730. 
DELIVERY THROUGH CLS BANK  


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 15 
 
731. 
FOREIGN CURRENCY BUYER’S DUTIES FOR CLS DELIVERIES 
732. 
FOREIGN CURRENCY SELLER’S DUTIES FOR CLS DELIVERIES 
733. 
DELIVERY DATE 
734.-735. 
[RESERVED] 
NON-CLS (LEGACY) CURRENCY DELIVERIES 
736. 
REGISTERED BANKS AND OTHER FACILITIES 
737. 
FOREIGN CURRENCY BUYER’S DUTIES 
 
737.A. Currency Contracts 
 
737.B. Physical Delivery Currency Cross-Rate and Israeli Shekel Contracts 
737.C. Physical Delivery Euro versus Polish Zloty, Hungarian Forint and Czech 
Koruna Cross-Rate Contracts 
737.D. [RESERVED] 
737.E. [RESERVED] 
737.F. Restrictions 
738. 
 
FOREIGN CURRENCY SELLER’S DUTIES 
738.A. U.S. Dollar-Based Currency Contracts, Euro versus Polish Zloty, Hungarian 
Forint, Czech Koruna Cross-Rate Contracts 
738.B. Physical Delivery Currency Cross-Rate and Israeli Shekel Contracts 
738.C. [RESERVED] 
738.D. [RESERVED] 
738.E. Restrictions 
739. 
 
DELIVERY DATE 
740. 
 
PAYMENTS 
741. 
 
COSTS OF DELIVERY 
742. 
 
DELIVERY NETTING 
 
 
742.A. CLS Delivered Currency Futures Contracts 
 
 
742.B. Non-CLS Delivered Currency Futures Contracts 
743. 
 
DELIVERY INFRACTIONS 
 
 
743.A. Late or Inaccurate Delivery 
 
 
743.B. Delivery Obligation Failure 
 
 
743.C. Final Settlement in Delivery Obligation Failure 
744.-759. 
[RESERVED] 
OTHER COMMODITIES 
760. 
 
DELIVERY PROCEDURES IN OTHER COMMODITIES 
761.-769. 
[RESERVED] 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 3 of 15 
 
ALTERNATIVE DELIVERY PROCEDURES 
770. 
 
DELIVERY OBLIGATION TRANSFER PROCEDURES 
771. 
 
ALTERNATIVE NOTICE OF INTENTION TO DELIVER 
772.-779. 
[RESERVED] 
 
SECURITY FUTURES PRODUCTS 
780. 
 
SECURITY FUTURES PRODUCTS 
781. 
 
DELIVERY OF UNDERLYING SECURITIES 
782. 
 
DESIGNATION OF DELIVERY FACILITIES 
783. 
 
[RESERVED] 
784. 
 
FAILURE TO PERFORM 
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES RELATING TO CHAPTER 7 
 
FACILITIES RELATED TO CME PRODUCTS TABLE 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 4 of 15 
 
Chapter 7 
Delivery Facilities and Procedures 
 
GENERAL 
700. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
Deliveries and delivery facilities shall be governed by this chapter and, where applicable, the chapter 
which includes the contract specifications for the commodities being delivered and such other 
requirements as the Exchange may prescribe. 
For purposes of these Rules, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
701. 
DECLARATIONS OF FORCE MAJEURE 
If a determination is made by the Chief Executive Officer, Chairman, Chief Operating Officer, or Chief 
Regulatory Officer, or their delegate, that delivery or final settlement of any contract cannot be 
completed as a result of Force Majeure, he shall take such action as he deems necessary under the 
circumstances, and his decision shall be binding upon all parties to the contract. The Exchange shall 
notify the CFTC of the implementation, modification or termination of any action taken pursuant to this 
Rule as soon as possible after taking the action.  
It shall be the duty of clearing members, members and regular facilities to notify the Exchange of any 
circumstances that may give rise to a declaration of Force Majeure. 
Nothing in this Rule shall in any way limit the authority of the Board of Directors to act in a Force 
Majeure situation pursuant to Rule 230.k.  
702. 
CLEARING MEMBER DUTIES TO THE CLEARING HOUSE 
Every clearing member carrying open long or short positions shall present to the Clearing House each 
business day an accurate inventory of such open positions.  The inventory of open long and short 
positions shall be reported to the Clearing House in such manner and at such times as the Clearing 
House may prescribe. 
A clearing member, carrying an account that is required to make or accept delivery, agrees to 
guarantee and assume complete responsibility for the performance of all delivery requirements set forth 
in the Rules, including the requirement that delivery margin must be deposited with the Clearing House 
in such amounts and in such form as required by the Exchange.   
In the event a clearing member fails to perform its delivery obligations to the Clearing House, such 
failure may be deemed a default pursuant to Rule 802.  In a delivery failure, the Clearing House shall 
ensure the financial performance to the clearing member whose actions or omissions did not cause or 
contribute to the delivery failure (the “Affected Clearing Member”).  In this regard, the Clearing House 
powers will include, but will not be limited to, the right to sell or liquidate the commodity subject to 
delivery and to distribute the proceeds as appropriate.  “Financial performance” means payment of the 
commercially reasonable costs of the Affected Clearing Member related to replacement of the failed 
delivery and includes any related fines, penalties and fees incurred by the Affected Clearing Member 
and does not include physical performance or legal fees.   
An Affected Clearing Member seeking financial performance from the Clearing House shall provide 
prompt notice to the Clearing House of the delivery failure and a good faith estimate of any financial 
performance being sought no later than 1 hour after the delivery deadline for the respective product, 
which may be extended upon request by the Affected Clearing Member by the Global Head of Clearing 
& Post-Trade Services or their designee due to extenuating circumstances.  As soon as reasonably 
practicable thereafter, the Affected Clearing Member seeking financial performance shall provide to the 
Clearing House a detailed statement, with supporting documentation, of all amounts sought. 
 
 
DELIVERY FACILITIES AND PROCEDURES FOR  
AGRICULTURAL COMMODITIES 
 
703.  
APPROVED LIVESTOCK YARDS AND SLAUGHTER PLANTS FOR LIVE CATTLE 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 5 of 15 
 
703.A.  
Conditions for Approval 
Deliveries on Exchange contracts of live beef cattle can be made only at slaughter plants or public 
livestock yards designated and approved for delivery by the Exchange. 
Livestock yards and slaughter plants (hereafter “facilities”) may be declared regular for delivery with the 
approval of the Exchange. Persons operating facilities who desire to have such facilities made regular 
for delivery under the Rules of the Exchange shall make application for initial Declaration of Regularity 
on a form prescribed by the Exchange prior to January 1 for a one-year term beginning February 1, and 
at any time during a current term for the balance of that term. 
Applications for renewal of regularity shall be made prior to January 1 for the respective year beginning 
February 1, and shall be on the same form as prescribed by the Exchange. 
The Exchange, in its sole discretion, may determine and publish maximum daily live delivery limits 
(maximum grading capacity) for futures contracts at approved livestock yards (see Interpretations & 
Special Notices Relating to Chapter 7 for the current limits). These limits are subject to change based 
on changes such as livestock yard infrastructure (e.g., scales, holding pens, etc.) and availability of 
USDA grading personnel. 
Regular facilities that desire to increase their regular daily limits during a current term shall make 
application for the desired amount of total regular daily limit on the same form as prescribed by the 
Exchange.  
Initial regularity and increases in regularity for delivery against a listed futures contract shall be effective 
either thirty days after the Exchange posts a notice that a bona fide application has been received or the 
day after the application is approved by the Exchange, whichever is later. 
Regular facilities that wish to have their regular daily limit decreased shall file with the Exchange a 
written request for such decrease and such decrease shall become effective once a notice has been 
posted by the Exchange.  
The Exchange may establish such requirements and conditions for approval of regularity as it deems 
necessary. The application for regularity prescribed by the Exchange shall set forth conditions of 
regularity as well as other agreements with which the operator of the regular facility shall comply. In 
addition to any conditions and agreements contained in such application or in the relevant product 
chapter, the following shall constitute conditions for regularity and requirements with which the operator 
of a regular facility shall comply:  
(1) The facility making application shall be subject to inspection by the Exchange, the United States 
Department of Agriculture, or other government agency, as applicable. 
(2) A public livestock yard shall be a stockyard within the definition of the Packers and Stockyards 
Act, 1921 as amended, and shall have received notice to that effect from the Secretary of 
Agriculture. 
(3) The slaughter plant shall slaughter primarily fed cattle in the normal course of business, have a 
fed cattle slaughter capacity of at least 500 head per day, and have proper facilities for weighing 
and grading. 
(4) The facility must be registered and bonded with the Grain Inspection, Packers & Stockyards 
Administration (“GIPSA”) of the U.S. Department of Agriculture. 
(5) The facility shall be provided with modern improvements and appliances for the convenient and 
expeditious receiving, handling and shipping of product. 
(6) The operator of the facility shall promptly notify the Registrar of any damage to the facility that 
prevents the facility from performing its delivery obligations under Exchange Rules. 
(7) The operator of the facility shall permit the Exchange, at any time, to examine the books and 
records of the facility in connection with deliveries against the contract. 
(8) The operator of the facility shall be required to keep such records, make such reports and be 
subject to inspection and regulation by the Secretary of Agriculture, as provided in said Packers 
and Stockyards Act. 
(9) The operator of the facility shall make such reports, keep such records and permit such facility 
visitation as the Exchange, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission or any other applicable 
government agency may require. 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 6 of 15 
 
(10) The facility must have scale(s) installed, maintained and operated in accordance with GIPSA 
requirements.  
(11) The operator of the facility shall not engage in unethical or inequitable practices, and shall 
comply with all applicable governmental laws, federal or state statutes, rules or regulations. 
(12) The facility shall immediately notify the Exchange of any changes in ownership or management 
of the facility. 
(13) The facility has secure holding pens with access to feed and water. 
(14) The facility must have the ability to segregate into secure holding areas cattle without access to 
feed or water. 
(15) The operator of the facility must provide the Exchange, on an annual basis, with its black-out 
dates, routine shutdown dates and must immediately notify the Exchange with any changes to 
those dates or any other unscheduled blackout or shutdown dates or events that will prevent the 
facility from performing its delivery obligations under Exchange Rules. 
(16) Persons operating regular facilities shall be subject to the Rules of the Exchange, the 
disciplinary procedures set forth in Chapter 4, and the arbitration procedures set forth in 
Chapter 6, and shall abide by and comply with the terms of any disciplinary decision imposed or 
any arbitration award issued against it pursuant to the Rules of the Exchange. 
(17) Persons operating regular facilities shall consent to the disciplinary jurisdiction of the Exchange 
for five years after such regularity lapses, for conduct which occurred while the facility was 
regular. 
The Exchange, in its sole discretion, may determine not to approve facilities for regularity, or for 
increases in regular daily limits of existing regular facilities, regardless of whether such facilities meet 
the preceding requirements and conditions. Some factors that the Exchange may, but is not required to, 
consider in exercising its discretion include, among others, whether deliveries at such facilities, if 
tendered in satisfaction of futures contracts, might be expected to adversely affect the price discovery 
function of futures contracts or impair the efficacy of futures trading in the relevant market, or whether 
the currently approved regular daily limits provide for an adequate deliverable supply. 
703.B.  
Delivery Location 
Livestock yards must be located in any of the following territories:  
(1) Colorado;  
(2) Iowa, Minnesota, South Dakota;  
(3) Kansas;  
(4) Nebraska;  
(5) Texas, Oklahoma, New Mexico. 
Slaughter plants must be located within a 225-road mile radius of one or more approved livestock yards. 
704. 
REVOCATION, EXPIRATION OR WITHDRAWAL OF REGULARITY 
The Business Conduct Committee may revoke a declaration of regularity whenever a regular facility 
fails to comply with the conditions specified in this Chapter, any other conditions to which it has agreed 
in its application for regularity, or any other Rules of the Exchange.  
Unless a shorter notification period is otherwise authorized by the Exchange, a facility shall give six (6) 
months prior written notice to the Exchange prior to withdrawing from regularity. 
If the designation of a facility as regular is withdrawn or revoked, a notice shall be posted announcing 
such withdrawal or revocation and the period of time, if any, during which deliveries can be made 
through such facility in satisfaction of futures contracts under the Rules of the Exchange. 
705. 
[RESERVED] 
706. 
APPLICATION FOR GRADING 
Application for live beef cattle gradings to be used for delivery on Exchange transactions must be filed 
by clearing members with the Clearing House.  Requests for gradings will be forwarded to the 
appropriate government office in the order in which applications are received. 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 7 of 15 
 
707.-709. 
[RESERVED] 
710. 
LIABILITY FOR NEGLIGENCE OF GRADERS 
The Exchange shall not be liable for any error or negligence of any grader. In all delivery matters, the 
determination of the USDA grader, for live-graded deliveries, or the USDA Meat Grader, for carcass-
graded deliveries, shall be final and binding on all parties. 
711. 
FINALITY OF USDA OR OTHER REQUIRED GRADING CERTIFICATE 
The Exchange assumes no responsibility and disclaims all liability on account of the grade, quantity or 
specifications of any commodity delivered on the basis of a USDA or other required grading certificate.  
712. 
[RESERVED] 
713. 
DELIVERY PROCEDURES 
713.A. 
Notice of Intent to Deliver 
Where delivery requires a Notice of Intent to Deliver, the buyer and seller shall comply with the 
requirements of the relevant Rules and such requirements as are prescribed by the Exchange and the 
Clearing House.  
713.B. 
Delivery Notice 
Upon determining the buyers obligated to accept deliveries tendered by issuers of delivery notices, the 
Clearing House shall promptly furnish to each issuer the names of the buyers obligated to accept 
delivery for each commodity for which a notice was tendered and shall also inform the issuer of the 
number of contracts for which each buyer is obligated.  
713.C. 
Possession of Product and Relevant Documents 
The seller shall by such time as is prescribed in the relevant contract specification chapter on the day of 
tender have possession of the product and all relevant documents. 
713.D. 
Notice to Buyers 
The Clearing House promptly shall pass the Delivery Notices in the order in which they are received to 
the clearing members obligated by the oldest open long contracts to take delivery of the same amounts 
of the same commodities for the same delivery month.  When a member of the Clearing House who has 
open purchases is suspended from the Clearing House for default or insolvency, he shall be deemed 
out of line for delivery and tender shall be made to the clearing member obligated upon the next oldest 
long contract.  Also, if tender is made to a clearing member who is thereafter suspended for default or 
insolvency before delivery is accepted, then, subject to the provisions of Rule 718, the Delivery Notice 
shall be withdrawn and another immediately served upon the clearing member obligated upon the next 
oldest long contract. 
713.E. 
Payment 
Unless otherwise specifically provided in the relevant contract specification chapter, a buyer receiving a 
Delivery Notice from the Clearing House shall make payment in same day funds, for the net invoicing 
price.  The buyer shall then be entitled to all required documents in proper form and with such 
endorsements as may be necessary to convey title and possession and as are necessary to expedite 
shipment.  The buyer shall also be entitled to all other documents as are otherwise required by the 
provisions of the relevant contract specification chapter. 
714. 
FAILURE TO DELIVER 
In the event a clearing member fails to fulfill its specific delivery obligations pursuant to Exchange rules, 
the sole obligation of the Clearing House is to pay reasonable damages proximately caused by such 
delivery obligation failure, in an amount which shall not exceed the difference between the delivery price 
of the specific commodity and the reasonable market price of such commodity at the time delivery is 
required according to the rules of the Exchange. The Clearing House shall not be obligated to: (1) make 
or accept delivery of the actual commodity; or (2) pay any damages relating to the accuracy, 
genuineness, completeness, or acceptableness of certificates, instruments, warehouse receipts, 
shipping certificates, or other similar documents; or (3) pay any damages relating to the failure or 
insolvency of banks, depositories, warehouses, shipping stations, or similar organizations or entities 
that may be involved with a delivery.  


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Notwithstanding any provision of the rules, the Clearing House has no obligation or liability to any 
clearing member or any other person relating to a failure to fulfill a delivery obligation unless it is notified 
by the clearing member that did perform, or was in a position to perform its delivery obligations, that a 
failure occurred, as soon as possible, but in no event later than 1 hour after the delivery deadline for the 
respective product, which may be extended by the Global Head of Clearing & Post-Trade Services or 
their designee pursuant to the provisions of Rule 702.  
If a clearing member does not fulfill its delivery obligations to another clearing member, it shall be 
responsible to the Clearing House for any damages incurred by the Clearing House as a result of such 
delivery obligation failure.  
A failure by a clearing member carrying a short futures position to tender a Delivery Notice on or before 
the time specified by the Clearing House on the last day on which such notice is permitted shall be 
deemed a violation of this rule, except that the Global Head of Clearing & Post-Trade Services may, for 
good cause, extend the time to present such notice.  
Unexcused failure to make delivery shall be deemed an act detrimental to the interest or welfare of the 
Exchange. In addition to any penalties imposed as provided in Chapter 4, the Clearing House Risk 
Committee shall determine and assess the damages incurred by the buyer.  
715. 
FAILURE TO ACCEPT DELIVERY OR REMIT FULL PAYMENT 
Where a buyer to whom a delivery has been assigned by the Clearing House fails to take such delivery 
and make payment when payment is due, the seller tendering such delivery shall immediately notify the 
Clearing House. If a clearing member obligated to receive delivery fails to make full payment to the 
seller, the Clearing House shall debit the account of said clearing member an amount sufficient to 
complete the delivery. 
Failure to accept delivery or to remit full payment shall be deemed an act detrimental to the interest or 
welfare of the Exchange. 
716. 
DUTIES OF CLEARING MEMBERS 
Prior to the last day of trading in a physically delivered contract, each clearing member shall be 
responsible for assessing the account owner’s ability to make or take delivery for each account on its 
books with open positions in the expiring contract.  Absent satisfactory information from the account 
owner, the clearing member is responsible for ensuring that the open positions are liquidated in an 
orderly manner prior to the expiration of trading.  
717. 
[RESERVED] 
718. 
CUSTOMER SUBSTITUTION IN THE EVENT OF CLEARING MEMBER BANKRUPTCY 
In the event that an "order for relief" as defined at CFTC Reg. 190.01(ee) has been entered in respect 
to a clearing member whose customer holds a futures contract or options contract that may only be 
liquidated by physical delivery and, as to such contract:  
(i) 
trading has ceased on the date of the entry of the "order for relief;" 
(ii) notice of delivery has been tendered on or before the date of the entry of the "order for relief;" or 
(iii) trading ceases before the trustee can liquidate the contract;  
then, notwithstanding Rule 713.D., the Clearing House shall allow the customer (if his identify can be 
readily ascertained and verified) to be directly substituted for the debtor clearing member to the extent 
necessary to complete delivery.  None of the requirements for delivery, including notices, instructions, 
payment, etc., shall be waived hereby.  Moreover, substitution shall in no way relieve the debtor 
clearing member of its obligations to the Clearing House and the opposite clearing member in regard to 
any claims arising out of that delivery.  
719. 
INITIAL REGULARITY FOR DELIVERY AGAINST A NEW FUTURES CONTRACT 
Initial regularity for delivery against a new futures contract concurrent with the listing of such new 
futures contract shall be effective either fifteen days after the Exchange posts a notice that a bona fide 
application has been received or the day after the application is approved by the Exchange, whichever 
is later. 
720. - 729. [RESERVED] 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 9 of 15 
 
CLS CURRENCY DELIVERIES 
730. 
DELIVERY THROUGH CLS BANK  
Consistent with procedures prescribed by the CME Clearing House, CME deliverable currency 
contracts are required to be physically delivered through the CLS (Continuous Linked Settlement) Bank 
System where both the trading unit currency and the price increment (minimum fluctuation) currency are 
supported by CLS delivery procedures.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, a clearing firm shall not be 
required to make physical delivery through the CLS Bank System (i) for any currency contract where the 
delivery exposure of the clearing firm is reasonably expected not to exceed $25 million for any one 
currency contract or (ii) for any currency contract delivery obligations below $50 million, measured 
across all the clearing member’s CLS-eligible currency contracts in the aggregate, where more than one 
currency is required to be delivered.  Clearing firms delivering CME currency contracts must use an 
approved CLS agent bank for deliveries through CLS Bank, which may be any approved CLS agent 
bank.  If practicable, in those situations where clearing firms delivering CME currency contracts use the 
same CLS Agent Bank for delivery, then physical delivery may occur by book entry at the same CLS 
Agent Bank and not be settled through the CLS Bank.   
When buyers and sellers elect to do currency deliveries through the CLS System, they agree to abide 
by the deadlines and compensation conventions established by the CLS agent bank it uses and the 
CLS Bank.  The CME Clearing House’s obligation to the delivery transaction ends when payment is 
made through the CLS System.  The CME Clearing House’s sole obligation with respect to the delivery 
transaction shall be its obligation to ensure financial performance pursuant to Rule 702.   
731. 
FOREIGN CURRENCY BUYER'S DUTIES FOR CLS DELIVERIES 
A clearing member that intends to accept delivery of a foreign currency through the CLS System to 
liquidate a net long position in that foreign currency shall, no later than 11:00 a.m. Chicago time on the 
last day of trading, present to the Clearing House a Buyer's CLS Delivery Commitment, which identifies 
the CLS agent bank used by the buyer and the number of contracts and the component delivery values.  
Also, the clearing member/customer shall arrange with its CLS agent bank to input the relevant 
instructions into the CLS System no later than 1:00 p.m. Chicago time on the business day proceeding 
the delivery day.   
A match of delivery information must occur in order for a delivery transaction to be finalized.  In the 
event that clearing member/customer instructions are not entered into the CLS System by 1:00 p.m. 
Chicago time on the business day preceding the delivery day, then the unmatched transaction may not 
be completed and paid on the delivery date through the CLS System.  In such event, delivery 
instructions may be resubmitted to the CLS agent bank for delivery on the subsequent business day.  
Also in such event, the Clearing House may assess fines for the delayed delivery.  Further, if the 
delivery instructions remain unmatched by 1:00 p.m. Chicago time on the business day preceding the 
delivery day, the Clearing House may require the buyer of the foreign currency to post an Order to Pay 
to the appropriate Agent Bank by no later than the close of business that day, in addition to complying 
with other procedures as outlined in the Clearing House Manual. 
If the Buyer's CLS Delivery Commitment is received later than 11:00 a.m. Chicago time on the last day 
of trading, but not later than 8:00 a.m. Chicago time on the following day, the buyer's clearing member 
shall be assessed a fine on a per contract basis, the amount to be determined by Exchange staff.  Any 
deliveries memoranda or instructions received subsequent to 8:00 a.m. Chicago time on the day 
following the last day of trading shall be deemed a delivery obligation failure and acted upon in 
accordance with Rule 743.B.  The buyer shall have made all provisions necessary to receive delivery 
within the country of issuance. 
732. 
FOREIGN CURRENCY SELLER'S DUTIES FOR CLS DELIVERIES 
A clearing member representing a customer delivering foreign currency through the CLS System to 
liquidate a net short position in that foreign currency shall, no later than 11:00 a.m. Chicago time on the 
last day of trading, present to the Clearing House a Seller's CLS Delivery Commitment, which identifies 
the CLS agent bank used by the seller and the number of contracts and the component delivery values.  
Also, the clearing member/customer shall arrange with its CLS agent bank to input the relevant 
instructions into the CLS System no later than 1:00 p.m. Chicago time on the business day proceeding 
the delivery day.   
A match of delivery information must occur in order for a delivery transaction to be finalized.  In the 
event that clearing member/customer instructions are not entered into the CLS System by 1:00 p.m. 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Chicago time on the business day preceding the delivery day, then the unmatched transaction may not 
be completed and paid on the delivery date through the CLS System.  In such event, delivery 
instructions may be resubmitted to the CLS agent bank for delivery on the subsequent business day.  
Also, in such event, the Clearing House may assess fines for the delayed delivery.  Further, if the 
delivery instructions remain unmatched by 1:00 p.m. Chicago time on the business day preceding the 
delivery day, the Clearing House may require the seller of the foreign currency to comply with other 
procedures as outlined in the Clearing House Manual. 
If the Seller's CLS Delivery Commitment is received later than 11:00 a.m. Chicago time on the last day 
of trading, but not later than 8:00 a.m. Chicago time on the following day, the seller's clearing member 
shall be assessed a fine on a per contract basis, the amount to be determined by Exchange staff.  Any 
deliveries memoranda or instructions received subsequent to 8:00 a.m. Chicago time on the day 
following the last day of trading shall be deemed a delivery obligation failure and acted upon in 
accordance with Rule 743.B. 
733. 
DELIVERY DATE 
Delivery shall be completed in accordance with the specifications of the separate contracts. 
734.-735. 
[RESERVED] 
736. 
REGISTERED BANKS AND OTHER FACILITIES 
Exchange staff shall establish such requirements and preconditions for registration as a facility for the 
delivery of currencies as it deems necessary. 
NON-CLS (LEGACY) CURRENCY DELIVERIES 
737. 
FOREIGN CURRENCY BUYER’S DUTIES 
737.A. 
Currency Contracts 
A clearing member representing a customer that intends to accept delivery of a foreign currency in 
liquidation of his net long position in that foreign currency shall, no later than 11:00 a.m. on the last day 
of trading, except for Turkish Lira/ U.S. Dollar present to the Clearing House a Buyer's Non-CLS 
Delivery Commitment. Turkish Lira/ U.S. Dollar commitments shall be submitted to the Clearing House 
within one hour following termination of trading on the last day of trading. In addition, the clearing 
member shall either deposit, or present a bank Order to Pay, an amount equal to the net U.S. dollar 
value of such customer's positions.  Values for positions in contracts with minimum fluctuations 
denominated in U.S. dollars shall be the contract value based on the settlement price on the last day of 
trading.  Values for positions in contracts with minimum fluctuations in foreign currency shall be the 
contract size.  If the buyer elects to pay by deposit, the deposit shall be made by 1:00 p.m. on the first 
day preceding the delivery day that is a business day common to the Exchange, Chicago banks and 
New York City banks for all other currencies.  Such deposit shall be in the form of a wire transfer of 
same-day funds to an account at a bank designated by the Clearing House.  If the buyer elects to pay 
by bank Order to Pay, an Order to Pay from an Exchange-approved bank shall be presented to a bank 
designated by the Clearing House by 1:00 p.m. on the first day preceding the delivery day that is a 
business day common to the Exchange, Chicago banks and New York City banks for all other 
currencies.  The Bank Order to Pay shall be in a form approved by the Clearing House and shall 
promise to pay same-day funds on the delivery day.  
737.B. 
Physical Delivery Currency Cross-Rate and Israeli Shekel Contracts 
A clearing member representing a customer that intends to accept delivery of a Physical Delivery 
Currency Cross-Rate or Israeli Shekel Contract in liquidation of his position shall, no later than 11:00 
a.m. on the last day of trading, present to the Clearing House a Buyer's Non-CLS Delivery Commitment.  
In addition by 1:00 p.m. on the first day preceding the delivery day that is a business day common to the 
Exchange, Chicago banks and New York City banks, the clearing member shall either deposit, or 
present a Bank Order to Pay, an amount in the minimum-fluctuation currency equal to the contract 
value based on the settlement price on the last day of trading.  Such deposit shall be in the form of 
same-day funds to an account at a bank designated by the Clearing House.  The bank Order to Pay 
shall be in a form approved by the Clearing House, and shall promise to pay same-day funds on the 
delivery day.  
737.C. 
Physical Delivery Euro versus Polish Zloty, Hungarian Forint and Czech Koruna 
Cross-Rate Contracts 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 11 of 15 
 
A clearing member representing a customer that intends to accept delivery of Polish zloty, Hungarian 
forint or Czech koruna in liquidation of his net long position in that foreign currency shall, no later than 
11:00 a.m. on the last day of trading, present to the Clearing House a Buyer's Non-CLS Delivery 
Commitment.  In addition, the clearing member shall either deposit, or present a bank Order to Pay, an 
amount equal to the net Euro value of such customer's positions.  Values for positions in contracts with 
minimum fluctuations denominated in Euros shall be the contract value based on the settlement price 
on the last day of trading multiplied by the trading unit.  If the buyer elects to pay by deposit, the deposit 
shall be made by 9:00 a.m. on the first business day preceding the delivery day that is a business day 
common to the Exchange, Chicago banks, New York City banks and banks for the Euro (“Target 
system banks”).  Such deposit shall be in the form of a wire transfer of same-day funds to an account at 
a bank designated by the Clearing House.  If the buyer elects to pay by bank Order to Pay, an Order to 
Pay from an Exchange-approved bank shall be presented to a bank designated by the Clearing House 
by 1:00 p.m. on the first business day preceding the delivery day that is a business day common to the 
Exchange, Chicago banks, New York City banks and banks for the Euro (“Target system banks”).  The 
Bank Order to Pay shall be in a form approved by the Clearing House, and shall promise to pay same-
day funds on the delivery day.  
Subject to the preceding three paragraphs, if the Buyer's Non-CLS Delivery Commitment is received 
later than 11:00 a.m. on the last day of trading, but not later than 8:00 a.m. on the following day, the 
buyer's clearing member shall be assessed a fine on a per contract basis, the amount to be determined 
by Exchange staff.  Any deliveries memoranda or instructions received subsequent to 8:00 a.m. on the 
day following the last day of trading shall be deemed a delivery obligation failure and acted upon in 
accordance with Rule 743.B.  The buyer shall have made all provisions necessary to receive delivery 
within the country of issuance.  
737.D. 
Reserved 
737.E. 
Reserved 
737.F. 
Restrictions 
From time to time, and frequently without warning, countries change the requirements and the 
restrictions on non-resident bank accounts.  These take various forms including, but not limited to, non-
interest-bearing deposit requirements, negative interest rates, prohibitions against investment in the 
country, ceilings on the amount of deposit and restrictions on the period of time such deposits may be 
maintained.  It is the buyer's responsibility to be familiar with and in conformance with all regulations 
pertaining to the holding of non-resident bank accounts in the country in which he desired to accept 
delivery.  
738. 
FOREIGN CURRENCY SELLER’S DUTIES 
738.A. 
U.S. Dollar-Based Currency Contracts, Euro versus Polish Zloty, Hungarian Forint, 
Czech Koruna Cross-Rate Contracts 
The clearing member representing a customer delivering foreign currency in liquidation of his net short 
position shall, no later than 11:00 a.m. on the last day of trading, present to the Clearing House a 
Seller's Non-CLS Delivery Commitment except Turkish Lira/ U.S. Dollar. Turkish Lira/ U.S. Dollar 
commitments shall be submitted to the Clearing House within one hour following termination of trading 
on the last day of trading. 
738.B. 
Physical Delivery Currency Cross-Rate 
The clearing member representing a customer making delivery of a Physical Delivery Currency Cross-
Rate Contract, except for cross-rate contracts referenced in Rule 738.A., in liquidation of his position 
shall, no later than 11:00 a.m. on the last day of trading, present to the Clearing House a Seller's Non-
CLS Delivery Commitment.  In addition, by 1:00 p.m. on the first day preceding the delivery day that is a 
business day common to the Exchange, Chicago banks and New York City banks, the clearing member 
shall either deposit, or present a Bank Order to Pay, an amount equal to the trading unit.  Such deposit 
shall be in the form of same-day funds to an account at a bank designated by the Clearing House.  The 
Bank Order to Pay shall be in a form approved by the Clearing House, and shall promise to pay same-
day funds on the delivery day.  The Seller shall have made all provisions necessary to receive delivery 
of the minimum-fluctuation currency within the country of issuance.  The Seller’s clearing member shall 
be responsible for delivering the foreign currency on the delivery date to a bank designated by the 
Clearing House.  The Exchange reserves the right to eliminate the requirement for sellers to post a 
Bank Order to Pay in the event that a given country’s payments systems, which previously required a 
prior Bank Order to Pay posting, implements same-day finality of payment. 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Subject to the preceding two paragraphs, if the Seller's Non-CLS Delivery Commitment is received later 
than 11:00 a.m. on the last day of trading, but not later than 8:00 a.m. on the day following the last day 
of trading, the seller's clearing member shall be assessed a fine on a per-contract basis, the amount to 
be determined by Exchange staff.  Any deliveries memoranda or instructions received subsequent to 
8:00 a.m. on the day following the last day of trading, shall be deemed a delivery obligation failure and 
acted upon in accordance with Rule 743.B. 
738.C. 
Reserved 
738.D. 
Reserved 
738.E. 
Restrictions 
From time to time, and frequently without warning, countries change the requirements and the 
restrictions on non-resident bank accounts.  These take various forms including, but not limited to, non-
interest-bearing deposit requirements, negative interest rates, prohibitions against investment in the 
country, ceilings on the amount of deposit and restrictions on the period of time such deposits may be 
maintained.  It is the seller’s responsibility to be familiar with and in conformance with all regulations 
pertaining to the holding of non-resident bank accounts in the country in which he desired to make 
delivery. 
739. 
DELIVERY DATE 
Delivery shall be completed in accordance with the specifications of the separate contracts. 
740. 
PAYMENTS 
The Clearing House shall designate a bank in each foreign country into which foreign currency shall be 
delivered.  These banks shall notify the Clearing House when foreign currency funds have been 
received.  In the case of Currency Contracts, the foreign currency delivery for each customer shall equal 
the net short value of positions in that foreign currency.  Values for positions in contracts with minimum 
fluctuations denominated in U.S. dollars shall be the contract size.  Values for positions in contracts with 
minimum fluctuations in foreign currency shall be the contract value based on the settlement price on 
the last day of trading.  In the case of Currency Contracts, the Clearing House shall, promptly after 
receipt of notification that foreign currency funds have been received, transfer the U.S. dollar funds 
previously deposited by the foreign currency buyer's clearing member to the account of the foreign 
currency seller's clearing member.  
741. 
COSTS OF DELIVERY 
The deliverer of a foreign currency shall bear the costs of transferring the foreign currency into a bank 
designated by the Clearing House.  The receiver of a foreign currency shall bear the costs of 
transferring the foreign currency out of the bank designated by the Clearing House.  Such costs may 
include, but are not limited to, wire transfer charges, negative interest charges and transaction fees. 
742. 
DELIVERY NETTING 
742.A. 
CLS Delivered Currency Futures Contracts 
Exchange currency futures contracts delivered through the CLS Bank shall be netted according to 
procedures specified by the Clearing House from time to time. 
742.B. 
Non-CLS Delivered Currency Futures Contracts 
To facilitate spread trading between currency products where positions held to termination create 
offsetting currency payment obligations, the Clearing House may net to the extent possible physical 
delivery payment obligations by clearing member customer by currency, in accordance with the 
procedures outlined in the Clearing House Manual of Operations. Clearing members desiring netting of 
obligations may only net payment obligations that arise from positions belonging to the same beneficial 
account owner, and shall be required to submit a Delivery Netting Request form, which identifies the 
final positions and net currency payments of a customer requesting delivery netting, to the Clearing 
House by 11:00 a.m. on the last day of trading. For U.S. Dollar/ Canadian Dollar or E-micro U.S. 
Dollar/Canadian Dollar Contracts only, such Delivery Netting Request form shall be submitted to the 
Clearing House by 10:00 a.m. on the last day of trading. For Turkish Lira / U.S. Dollar Contracts such 
Delivery Netting Request form shall be submitted to the Clearing House no later than one hour following 
the termination of trading on the last day of trading.  
Clearing members may also net delivery obligations within a given currency following the last day of 
trading in such eligible currency product, except for U.S. Dollar/ Canadian Dollar, E-micro U.S. Dollar/ 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Canadian Dollar or Turkish Lira / U.S. Dollar Contracts. Clearing members may net delivery obligations 
across all accounts belonging to the same beneficial account owner.  
Clearing members are prohibited from netting open positions across customer accounts while a 
currency contract remains eligible for trading on the Exchange.  
Clearing members shall be required to submit a Delivery Netting Request, which identifies the final 
positions and net currency delivery obligations to the Clearing House by 11:00 a.m. (10:00 a.m. for U.S. 
Dollar/ Canadian Dollar or E-micro U.S. Dollar/ Canadian Dollar Contracts and no later than one hour 
following the termination of trading for the Turkish Lira / U.S. Dollar Contracts), on the last day of 
trading, in accordance with the procedures outlined in the Clearing House Manual of Operations.   
743. 
DELIVERY INFRACTIONS 
743.A. 
Late or Inaccurate Delivery 
1. 
If a clearing member with a Delivery Commitment to pay funds pursuant to Rules 731, 732, 737 or 
738 fails to deposit such funds in order to make timely payment on the date required in those rules, 
the Clearing House may impose a fine upon the clearing member pursuant to the schedule of fines 
maintained by the Clearing House or any other compensation due to the late or inaccurate delivery. 
If by 9:30 a.m. Chicago time on the day following the date required in Rules 731, 732, 737 and 738, 
such deposit is not made, the failure shall be deemed a delivery obligation failure of the clearing 
member and the matter shall be acted upon pursuant to Section B of this Rule.  
Funds deposited pursuant to Rules 731, 732, 737 and 738 earlier than the required date of deposit 
shall not earn interest for the early time period.  
2. 
If the information contained in either the Buyer's CLS on Non-CLS Delivery Commitment or the 
Seller's CLS or Non-CLS Delivery Commitment is inaccurate so that delivery cannot be 
accomplished in a timely manner, fines or damages may be assessed as in Section B below.  
743.B. 
Delivery Obligation Failure 
A clearing member with a CLS or Non-CLS Delivery Commitment who fails to perform all acts required 
by this chapter, or whose actions or inactions have been deemed a delivery obligation failure shall be 
liable for any loss sustained, which loss shall be computed, without duplication, as follows: 
1. 
The Global Head of Clearing & Post-Trade Services or their designee shall determine the change, 
if any, from the final settlement price on the last day of trading to the spot rate on the first day on 
which the transaction could be consummated on the spot market at the earliest time it is 
determined that such a transaction could be completed. 
2. 
The related charges suffered by the other party at any of its designated banks, the related charges 
suffered by the Clearing House and any financial performance paid by the Clearing House pursuant 
to Rule 702. 
3. 
A sum not to exceed 1% of the U.S. dollar value of the contract.  Such amount shall be set by the 
Global Head of Clearing & Post-Trade Services or their designee, acting in their sole discretion, 
and shall be binding upon both parties to the contract, except no such sum shall be assessed 
where a delivery obligation failure is occasioned by the circumstances delineated in Rule 701. 
743.C. 
Final Settlement in Delivery Obligation Failure 
Upon notification to the Clearing House of a paired foreign currency delivery obligation failure in 
accordance with Rule 702, in order to better ensure settlement finality, automatically and without any 
further action the following shall occur simultaneously with respect to each such failure: 
1. 
The defaulting clearing member and Affected Clearing member shall be released from their original 
paired currency delivery obligations to each other; 
2. 
The Clearing House shall be deemed to have entered into a contract with the Affected Clearing 
Member on terms consistent with the failed contract the Affected Clearing Member had with the 
defaulting clearing member (“Temporary Contract”); 
3. 
The Clearing House and Affected Clearing Member shall be deemed to have entered into a 
contract with obligations that are opposite to those of the Temporary Contract (“Termination 
Swap”); and 
4. 
The Clearing House’s and Affected Clearing Member’s obligations under the Temporary Contract 
and the Termination Swap will completely offset and net such that the parties shall have no 
obligation to deliver currencies to each other. 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Notwithstanding the provisions above, a clearing member that fails to fully perform its paired foreign 
currency delivery obligation remains liable for losses and damages as provided in Rules 714 and 743.B. 
744.-759. 
[RESERVED] 
OTHER COMMODITIES 
760. 
DELIVERY PROCEDURES IN OTHER COMMODITIES 
All other commodities which do not have delivery provisions specified in this chapter shall be governed 
by the requirements of the relevant contract specification chapter. 
761.-769. 
[RESERVED] 
ALTERNATIVE DELIVERY PROCEDURES 
770. 
DELIVERY OBLIGATION TRANSFER PROCEDURES 
A clearing member that carries a futures position in a physically delivered contract that has expired as 
the result of any party’s error, omission or outtrade discovered on or after the last day of trading may, 
with the consent of the account owner(s) or controller(s), transfer such position to an account with 
different beneficial ownership; provided, however, that the parties to an error or outtrade must exercise 
the utmost diligence to resolve the error or outtrade.  
 Notice of delivery obligation transfers must be made to the Clearing House. Such transfers require that 
the Clearing House receive acceptance from an account(s) with different beneficial ownership and 
confirmation of the agreed upon transfer by the initiating party.  Such confirmation must be submitted in 
writing on the form specified by the Clearing House. All positions transferred pursuant to this Rule shall 
take place at the final settlement price of the contract; however this requirement does not prohibit cash 
adjustments between the parties to the transfer. 
Clearing member firms representing accounts that have transferred a trade pursuant to this Rule must 
correctly report the change in open interest to the Clearing House pursuant to the schedule established 
by the Exchange.  
In the event a delivery obligation transfer notification does not result in a trade transfer, delivery shall 
take place as required under Exchange rules.  
Nothing in this Rule relieves a clearing member of its responsibilities with respect to open positions in 
an expiring contract month in a physically delivered contract as set forth in Rule 716. 
771. 
ALTERNATIVE NOTICE OF INTENTION TO DELIVER 
A seller and buyer matched by the Exchange may agree to make and take delivery under terms or 
conditions which differ from the terms and conditions prescribed by this Chapter, and the applicable 
chapter which contains the contract specifications for the products being delivered, and such other 
requirements as the Exchange may prescribe. 
In such instances, matched clearing members shall execute an Alternative Notice of Intention to Deliver 
(“ANID”) in the form and manner prescribed by the Exchange and shall deliver a completed and 
executed copy of such notice to the Exchange. The delivery of an executed ANID to the Exchange shall 
release the clearing members and the Exchange from their respective obligations under the rules of this 
Chapter and any other Exchange rules and requirements regarding physical delivery. 
In executing such notice, clearing members shall indemnify the Exchange against any liability, cost, or 
expense the Exchange may incur, for any reason, as a result of the execution, delivery or performance 
of such contract or such agreement, or any breach thereof or default thereunder. Upon receipt of an 
executed ANID, the Exchange will return to the clearing members all margin monies held for the 
account of each with respect to the contracts involved. 
772.-779. 
[RESERVED] 
SECURITY FUTURES PRODUCTS 
780. 
SECURITY FUTURES PRODUCTS 
Deliveries of Security Futures Products effected on a Marketplace apart from the Chicago Mercantile 
Exchange and cleared by the Clearing House per the provisions of Chapter 8-B shall be governed as 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 15 of 15 
 
set forth herein. 
781. 
DELIVERY OF UNDERLYING SECURITIES 
At maturity of a physically-settled stock future, in addition to the final variation payment (if any), the 
Clearing Member that is, or that represents, the seller shall be obligated to deliver, and the Clearing 
Member that is, or that represents, the buyer shall be obligated to receive and pay for, a quantity of the 
underlying security equal to the unit of trading at the aggregate purchase price. 
782. 
DESIGNATION OF DELIVERY FACILITIES 
Clearing Members shall be required to designate a clearing member of the Options Clearing 
Corporation (OCC) who is also a member of the Depository Trust Clearing Corporation (DTCC) to 
facilitate deliveries of physically-settled stock futures.  Such designations shall be made through the 
execution of such agreements and per such procedures as the Clearing House may designate from 
time to time.   Settlement of the obligations to deliver and pay for such underlying securities shall be 
effected in accordance with the provisions of the OCC and DTCC.  The parties to such delivery shall 
bear the costs associated with such delivery per the provisions of the OCC and DTCC. 
783. 
[RESERVED] 
784. 
FAILURE TO PERFORM 
A failure by a clearing member with a delivery commitment to perform all acts required herein and all 
acts per the provisions of the OCC and DTCC shall be deemed a delivery obligation failure and may be 
deemed an act detrimental to the interest or welfare of the Exchange.  The Board shall determine and 
assess losses sustained, taking into account the settlement price, interest earnings foregone, and such 
other factors as it deems appropriate.  The Board may also assess such penalties as deemed 
appropriate in addition to damages.  Further, such clearing member shall be subject to such penalties 
and remedies as may be prescribed by the provisions of the OCC and DTCC. 
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES RELATING TO CHAPTER 7 
 
FACILITIES RELATED TO CME PRODUCTS 
 
View table here (XLS) 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 38 
 
CHAPTER 8 
CLEARING HOUSE AND PERFORMANCE BONDS 
 
GENERAL 
800. 
 
CLEARING HOUSE 
801. 
 
MANAGEMENT 
802. 
 
PROTECTION OF CLEARING HOUSE 
 
 
802.A. Default by Clearing Member or Other Participating Exchanges 
 
 
802.B. Satisfaction of Clearing House Obligations 
 
 
802.C. Application of Funds to Avoid Clearing House Insolvency 
 
 
802.D. Utilization of Remaining Base Collateral of Defaulted Clearing  
 
 
      Member; Restoration of Funds Following Final Determination of Losses 
 
 
802.E. Rights of Exchange for Recovery of Loss 
 
 
802.F. Guaranty Fund Contributions to be Restored 
 
 
802.G. Default Management Across Account Classes 
 
 
802.H. Base Cooling Off Period and Multiple Defaults 
803. 
 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 
804. 
 
SUBSTITUTION 
805. 
 
OPEN POSITIONS 
806. 
 
OFFSET PROCESS 
807. 
 
OPEN LONG POSITIONS DURING DELIVERY MONTH 
808. 
 
PROCEDURES FOR TRADE SUBMISSION ON CME CLEARPORT 
809. 
 
TRADE DATA PROCESSING SYSTEM 
 
 
809.A. Trade Data 
 
 
809.B. Matched and Unmatched Trades 
 
 
809.C. Trade Register and Clearing Reports 
 
 
809.D. Reconciliation of Outtrades 
810. 
 
FALSE ENTRIES ON CLEARING MEMORANDA 
811. 
 
POSITION CHANGE DATA 
812. 
 
FINAL SETTLEMENT PRICE 
813. 
 
DAILY SETTLEMENT PRICE 
814. 
SETTLEMENTS, SETTLEMENT VARIATION PAYMENTS, AND OPTION 
VALUE 
815. 
 
THIRD PARTY EXECUTION PLATFORMS FOR SWAPS 
816. 
 
GUARANTY FUND DEPOSIT 
817. 
 
LIQUIDITY FACILITY 
818. 
 
CLOSE-OUT NETTING 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 38 
 
819. 
 
LIEN ON COLLATERAL 
820. 
 
PERFORMANCE BONDS 
821. 
 
EXCESS PERFORMANCE BOND OF CLEARED SWAPS CUSTOMERS 
822. 
 
LIQUIDITY RISK MANAGEMENT 
823. 
 
[RESERVED] 
824. 
 
ADDITIONAL PERFORMANCE BOND 
825. 
 
SEGREGATION OF PERFORMANCE BOND 
826. 
 
PROPRIETARY ACCOUNT MINIMUM LIQUIDATION PERIOD 
827. 
 
SECURITIES LENDING PROGRAM 
828. 
 
BASE FINANCIAL RESOURCES 
829. 
 
MEASURES TO MITIGATE PROCYCLICALITY 
830. 
 
CROSS-MARGINING 
 
 
830.A. Definitions 
 
 
830.B. Cross-Margining Programs 
 
 
830.C. [RESERVED] 
 
 
830.D. Performance Bonds for Cross-Margining Program 
 
 
830.E. Close-Out of Cross-Margin Positions 
831. 
 
COMMINGLING OF ELIGIBLE BASE FUTURES AND SWAPS POSITIONS 
832. 
 
FOREIGN CURRENCY MARKET DISRUPTION 
833.-849. 
[RESERVED] 
 
MISCELLANEOUS 
850. 
 
FEES  
 
851. 
 
[RESERVED] 
852. 
 
SURCHARGES FOR ERRORS, DELAYS AND OMISSIONS 
853. 
 
TRANSFERS OF TRADES AND CUSTOMER ACCOUNTS 
854. 
 
CONCURRENT LONG AND SHORT POSITIONS 
855. 
OFFSETTING POSITIONS FOR DIFFERENT-SIZED CONTRACTS 
856. 
 
NORMALIZATION OF OTC FX SPOT, FORWARD, SWAP AND OPTIONS  
 
 
TRANSACTIONS FOR CLEARING 
 
857. 
 
POST-TRADE MULTILATERAL COMPRESSION 
 
 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 3 of 38 
 
Chapter 8 
Clearing House and Performance Bonds 
0BGENERAL 
2B800. 
CLEARING HOUSE 
The Exchange shall maintain and operate a Clearing House in order to protect market 
participants and to maintain the integrity of the contracts traded on or processed through the 
Exchange.  Membership in the Clearing House shall be a right and privilege granted by the 
Board of Directors which may, from time to time, establish such classes of membership in the 
Clearing House, together with the duties, rights and privileges thereof, as it deems necessary.  
Whenever these rules create a right in favor of the Clearing House, or impose a liability on the 
Clearing House, it shall be construed as the right or liability of the Exchange, and shall be 
enforced by or against the Exchange.   
For purposes of these Chapter 8 rules and except as otherwise noted within a particular rule, 
all references to requirements, conditions or procedures of the Clearing House, shall be 
deemed to apply to contracts traded on or subject to the rules of an FBOT identified in Rule 
8C04; the term “foreign futures” refers to futures and options on futures traded on or subject to 
the rules of such FBOT; and such FBOT is not a Participating Exchange. 
For purposes of these Chapter 8 rules, each of the following constitutes a separate account 
class:  (i) futures positions executed on or subject to the rules of an exchange that is registered 
with the CFTC as a designated contract market and performance bond amounts or other 
collateral held in an account consistent with section 4d(a) of the CEA and CFTC Regulations 
thereunder, along with any swaps or foreign futures positions and performance bond amounts 
or other collateral for such positions held in such account (“futures account class”); (ii) foreign 
futures positions and performance bond amounts or other collateral held in an account 
consistent with the CFTC Part 30 Regulations (“foreign futures account class”); and (iii) swap 
positions held in an account consistent with the CFTC Part 22 Regulations, along with any 
futures positions or foreign futures positions and performance bond amounts or other collateral 
for such positions held in such account (“cleared swaps account class”).  
Each account class is further divided into a customer class and a proprietary class.  The 
Clearing House will hold customer positions of an FCM Clearing Member (i) in the futures 
account class, in segregated accounts protected under CFTC Regulation 1.20; (ii) in the 
foreign futures account class, in accounts protected under CFTC Regulation 30.7 (“secured 
accounts”); and (iii) in the cleared swaps account class, in cleared swaps customer accounts 
protected under the CFTC Part 22 Regulations. 
 
3B801. 
MANAGEMENT 
The Board has governance and oversight responsibility of the safety and efficiency of the 
Clearing House. With respect to the governance and oversight of the Clearing House, the 
responsibilities of the Board include approving the appointments of the Global Head of 
Clearing & Post-Trade Services and Chief Risk Officer of the Clearing House.  The Board also 
has created the Clearing House Oversight Committee, which also has governance and 
oversight responsibility relating to the Clearing House as set forth in its written Charter.  The 
Global Head of Clearing & Post-Trade Services shall be responsible for the daily operation of 
the Clearing House and the implementation of the rules applicable to the Clearing House.  The 
Chief Risk Officer shall be responsible for implementing the risk management framework and 
its procedures, policies and controls and for making appropriate recommendations to the 
Board, the Clearing House Oversight Committee or relevant risk committees, as applicable, 
regarding the Clearing House's risk management functions.  The Global Head of Clearing & 
Post-Trade Services and the Chief Risk Officer of the Clearing House may also delegate 
authority for certain aspects of their responsibilities to staff of the Clearing House. Clearing 
House staff shall adopt, establish, publish and amend from time to time a Clearing House 
Manual of Operations ("Manual"). This Manual shall contain, among other things, information 
and directions for preparing trade data, completing prescribed memoranda and meeting other 
Clearing House requirements. The Manual and amendments thereto shall constitute part of the 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 4 of 38 
 
rules of the Exchange.  
4B802. 
PROTECTION OF CLEARING HOUSE 
802.A. 
Default by Clearing Member or Other Participating Exchanges 
The Clearing House shall establish a guaranty fund (the “Base Guaranty Fund”) for products 
other than IRS Products and any positions commingled with IRS Contracts pursuant to Rule 
8G831 (such products, the “Base Guaranty Fund Products” and each product, a “Base 
Guaranty Fund Product Class”). Each clearing member shall contribute to the Base Guaranty 
Fund in accordance with the requirements of Rule 816. A clearing member’s Base Guaranty 
Fund contribution may be applied by the Clearing House in accordance with this Rule 802 to 
mitigate a Loss (as defined below) to the Clearing House attributable to any cleared Base 
Guaranty Fund Product Class regardless of the Base Guaranty Fund Product Classes a 
clearing member clears. However, in order to accommodate differences in time frames and 
processes associated with the liquidation of certain Base Guaranty Fund Product Classes, 
Losses will be allocated among a set of Base Guaranty Fund tranches established to reflect 
the relative contributions of different product classes to the total Base Guaranty Fund. 
Notwithstanding this prioritization of the Clearing House’s recourse, ultimately the entire Base 
Guaranty Fund will be available if necessary to satisfy all losses regardless of Base Guaranty 
Fund Product Class. 
1. 
Default by Clearing Member 
If a clearing member of CME, CBOT, NYMEX, COMEX, or an OTC Clearing Member (i) fails 
promptly to discharge any obligation to the Clearing House or (ii) becomes subject to any 
bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency, moratorium, or liquidation proceedings, 
or other similar proceedings under U.S. federal or state bankruptcy laws, any comparable non-
U.S. laws, or other applicable law, the Clearing House may declare such clearing member to 
be in default. The Clearing House will post notice of a default declaration on CME Group Inc.’s 
public website. For purposes of this Rule 802, each default by a clearing member will be 
considered a separate default event, provided that if a clearing member has been declared in 
default, subsequent failures to pay by such defaulting clearing member shall not be considered 
separate default events unless and until the original default has been fully resolved and such 
clearing member has been restored to good standing. 
2. 
Defaulting Clearing Member’s Collateral 
Upon the default of a Base Clearing Member, Base Collateral shall be applied by the Clearing 
House to discharge any loss to the Clearing House associated with such default (a “Loss”). A 
Loss shall include, but shall not be limited to, costs associated with the liquidation, transfer and 
managing of Base Contracts of the defaulted clearing member, hedging costs and other costs 
incurred by the Clearing House related to managing the risk surrounding the default of the 
clearing member. The defaulting clearing member shall take no action, including but not limited 
to, attempting to obtain a court order that would interfere with the ability of the Clearing House 
to so apply such assets and proceeds. 
If the Base Guaranty Fund contribution, performance bond relating to Base Guaranty Fund 
Products and other assets of a defaulted clearing member available to the Clearing House are 
insufficient to satisfy all of its obligations to the Clearing House, including all claims against the 
Clearing House by reason of its substitution for that clearing member pursuant to Rule 804 or 
Rule 8F05, the Clearing House shall nonetheless pay all such claims, which payments by the 
Clearing House shall be deemed a Loss to it (hereinafter “Loss”) and which shall be a liability 
of the defaulting clearing member to the Clearing House, which the Clearing House may 
collect from any other assets of such clearing member or by process of law. 
A Loss arising in the defaulted Base Clearing Member’s proprietary account class shall be 
satisfied from the Base Collateral.  A Loss resulting from any cleared swaps customer’s 
cleared swap position in a Base Product held in a cleared swaps account shall be satisfied by 
application of performance bond, excess performance bond, other collateral and settlement 
variation gains held for the respective cleared swaps customer consistent with Part 22 of the 
CFTC’s regulations (collectively, “Base Swap Customer Collateral”).  A Loss resulting from any 
customer’s position in any futures held in a futures segregated account, or any swap position 
in a Base Product or foreign futures position that is commingled with such futures positions in 
such segregated account, shall be satisfied by application of performance bond, excess 
performance bond, other collateral and settlement variation gains held in the Base Clearing 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 5 of 38 
 
Member’s customer account in a manner consistent with section 4d(a) of the CEA and CFTC 
Regulation 1.20 (collectively, “Base Futures Customer Collateral”). 
A Loss resulting from any customer’s position in any foreign futures held in a secured account 
shall be satisfied by application of performance bond, excess performance bond, other 
collateral and settlement variation gains held in the Base Clearing Member’s customer account 
in a manner consistent with Commission Regulation 30.7 (collectively, “Base Futures 30.7 
Customer Collateral”).  
For purposes of this Rule, the positions in the cross-margin account of a Participating Clearing 
Member or its Cross-Margining Affiliate at a Cross-Margining Clearing Organization, and the 
performance bond thereon, shall be considered assets of the Participating Clearing Member 
available to the Clearing House to the extent provided in the Cross-Margining Agreement 
between the Clearing House and such Cross-Margining Clearing Organization. A clearing 
member in default shall immediately make up any deficiencies in its Base Guaranty Fund 
contribution resulting from such default and in any event no later than the close of business on 
the banking day following demand by the Clearing House. 
3. 
Default by Other Participating Exchanges or Partner Clearinghouses 
If a Participating Exchange or Partner Clearinghouse fails to promptly discharge any obligation 
to the Clearing House arising out of its obligations to the Exchange, such Participating 
Exchange's or Partner Clearinghouse’s letters of credit, performance bonds and other assets 
available to the Clearing House shall be applied by the Clearing House to discharge the 
obligation, pursuant to the procedures set forth below in Rule 802.A.5 with respect to a 
defaulting clearing member.  If such resources are insufficient to satisfy the Participating 
Exchange’s or Partner Clearinghouse’s obligations to the Clearing House, the deficiency shall 
be considered a Loss that is subject to satisfaction pursuant to Rule 802.B. 
4. 
Allocation of Base Guaranty Fund into Tranches 
The Base Guaranty Fund shall be composed of the required Base Guaranty Fund 
contributions of clearing members pursuant to Rule 816, or any comparable security deposit 
contributions from a Participating Exchange or Partner Clearinghouse. The Clearing House 
shall allocate the Base Guaranty Fund into tranches as follows:  
i. 
Base Tranche. Base Guaranty Fund Product Classes that are not associated with an 
Alternate Tranche as described below shall comprise the Base Product Class. The first 80% of 
Base Guaranty Fund amounts contributed with respect to the Base Product Class shall be the 
“Base Tranche”. 
ii. 
[Reserved] 
iii. Alternate Product Class Tranches. Any other product class approved by the Clearing 
House Risk Committee to support a product-specific Base Guaranty Fund tranche hereunder 
shall comprise an Alternate Product Class. The first 80% of Base Guaranty Fund amounts 
contributed with respect to each such an Alternate Product Class shall be an “Alternate 
Tranche”. 
iv. Commingled Tranche. The remaining 20% of Base Guaranty Fund amounts contributed 
with respect to all of the foregoing Product Classes shall be the “Commingled Tranche”. 
As set forth below in 802.B, if the collateral of the defaulting clearing member, as described in 
Rule 802.A.2, Participating Exchange or Partner Clearinghouse is insufficient to satisfy its 
obligation to the Clearing House, the Tranche associated with a particular Base Guaranty Fund 
Product Class will be the Tranche first applied to reimburse the Clearing House for Losses 
attributable to that Base Guaranty Fund Product Class, as determined in accordance with Rule 
802.A.5, (i.e., the Base Tranche will first be applied to Losses attributed to the Base Product 
Class, and the Alternate Tranche will first be applied to Losses attributed to an Alternate 
Product Class).  The Base Guaranty Fund requirements of clearing members for purposes of 
allocation of such amounts into the Tranches shall be the required amounts in effect for each 
clearing member at the time of the default. 
5. Apportionment Among Base Guaranty Fund Product Classes; Application of Defaulting 
Clearing Member’s Collateral 
Upon a default, the Clearing House shall apply the defaulting clearing member’s collateral to 
the deficiency in accordance with the following procedures: 
i. 
 Initial Allocation of Assets to Base Guaranty Fund Product Classes.  Subject to the 
provisions of 802.G, as of the cycle in which the default occurs, the Clearing House shall 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 6 of 38 
 
allocate assets of the defaulting clearing member to the different Base Guaranty Fund Product 
Classes in which the clearing member has open positions as follows: (a) the defaulting clearing 
member’s Base Guaranty Fund requirement associated with each Base Guaranty Fund 
Product Class shall be attributed to such Class, (b) the defaulting clearing member’s required 
performance bond amounts for each Base Guaranty Fund Product Class as of the prior 
clearing cycle shall be allocated to such Class, (c) any CME shares (whether common shares 
or class B shares) or any cash posted in lieu of such shares, and (d) any of the defaulting 
clearing member’s other assets held by, pledged to or otherwise available to the Clearing 
House shall be divided among the Base Guaranty Fund Product Classes in proportion to the 
defaulting clearing member’s Base Guaranty Fund requirement. 
ii. 
Management of Obligations for Cycle of Default. As of the cycle in which the default 
occurs, the Clearing House shall aggregate the following assets: any excess Base Guaranty 
Funds, any excess performance bond from the prior clearing cycle for Base Guaranty Fund 
Product Classes, any partial payment by the clearing member for the default cycle, and any 
other available assets of the clearing member that are not specific to a Base Guaranty Fund 
Product Class.  Such unassigned assets shall be allocated first to any net settlement variation 
payment obligation of the defaulting clearing member to the Clearing House relating to Base 
Guaranty Fund Product Classes, pro rata across the customer and proprietary classes relative 
to the net settlement variation payment obligation for each account class.  If the unassigned 
funds so allocated are sufficient to satisfy the clearing member’s immediate settlement 
variation payment obligations for Base Guaranty Fund Product Classes, any remaining 
unassigned funds shall be divided among the Base Guaranty Fund Product Classes, pro rata 
in proportion to the size of the performance bond requirements for each Base Guaranty Fund 
Product Class for the clearing cycle immediately prior to the default. If the unassigned funds 
are not sufficient to satisfy the clearing member’s settlement variation payment obligations for 
Base Guaranty Fund Product Classes for the default cycle, then (i) the Clearing House shall 
apply the unassigned funds to such obligations, pro rata relative to the size of such obligations 
on a per-Base Guaranty Fund Product Class basis, and within each Base Guaranty Fund 
Product Class, pro rata across the customer and proprietary classes, and (ii) the remaining 
settlement variation payment obligations for such clearing cycle shall be satisfied on a per-
Base Guaranty Fund Product Class basis only from the assets allocated to the relevant Base 
Guaranty Fund Product Class pursuant to 802.A.5.i.  If the Clearing House is unable to satisfy 
a settlement variation payment obligation attributable to any Base Guaranty Fund Product 
Class from such assets, the deficiency shall be a Loss that the Clearing House shall satisfy 
pursuant to the procedures in Rule 802.B.  For the avoidance of doubt, as set forth in 802.G, 
the Clearing House shall not use performance bond amounts or other collateral in any 
customer account class of the defaulting clearing member to satisfy a payment obligation to 
the Clearing House in respect of the defaulting clearing member’s proprietary account. 
iii. Payment Obligations as Losses are Finalized.  During any subsequent clearing cycles in 
which the Clearing House is managing and/or liquidating open positions in respect of the 
defaulting clearing member, the Clearing House shall satisfy any settlement variation payment 
obligations owed by the defaulting Clearing member to the Clearing House, or other realized 
losses of or expenses to the Clearing House with respect to the default, on a per-Base 
Guaranty Fund Product Class basis, only from the assets allocated to the relevant Base 
Guaranty Fund Product Class pursuant to 802.A.5.i.  Any settlement variation gain to the 
defaulting clearing member in any Base Guaranty Fund Product Class during such subsequent 
clearing cycles shall be added to collateral allocated to such Product Class pursuant to 
802.A.5.i. Any additional assets of the defaulting clearing member obtained by the Clearing 
House during subsequent clearing cycles (including amounts from IRS Products made 
available to Base Guaranty Fund Product Classes) shall be divided among the Base Guaranty 
Fund Product Classes pro rata in proportion to the size of the performance bond requirements 
for each Base Guaranty Fund Product Class for the clearing cycle immediately prior to the 
default.  The Clearing House shall apply such collateral to such payment obligations for all 
account classes, giving priority to customer account classes (i.e., customer accounts over 
proprietary accounts).  If the Clearing House is unable to satisfy a settlement variation 
payment obligation to the Clearing House, or other realized loss or expense to the Clearing 
House, from the defaulting clearing member’s collateral as set forth in this paragraph, the 
deficiency shall be a Loss that the Clearing House shall satisfy pursuant to the procedures in 
Rule 802.B.  For the avoidance of doubt, as set forth in 802.G, the Clearing House shall not 
use performance bond amounts or other collateral in any customer account class of the 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 7 of 38 
 
defaulting clearing member to satisfy a payment obligation to the Clearing House in respect of 
the defaulting clearing member’s proprietary account, and shall not use performance bond 
amounts or other collateral held in one account class for customers of the defaulting clearing 
member to satisfy a payment obligation to the Clearing House in respect of another account 
class for customers of the defaulting clearing member. 
iv. Final determination of gain or deficiency for each Product Class. When the Clearing 
House determines the final net deficiency for a Base Guaranty Fund Product Class, it shall 
apply any remaining collateral of the defaulting clearing member with respect to such Base 
Guaranty Fund Product Class to satisfy the deficiency.  If the Clearing House achieves a final 
gain, or if any excess collateral remains following satisfaction of a deficiency, the Clearing 
House shall allocate such excess funds to the defaulting clearing member’s collateral for Base 
Guaranty Fund Product Classes within the same account class as to which a final gain or 
deficiency is yet to be determined, pro rata in proportion to the size of the performance bond 
requirements for such Base Guaranty Fund Product Classes for the clearing cycle immediately 
prior to the default.  For the avoidance of doubt, as set forth in 802.G, the Clearing House shall 
not use performance bond amounts or other collateral in any customer account class of the 
defaulting clearing member to satisfy a payment obligation to the Clearing House in respect of 
the defaulting clearing member’s proprietary account.  Any gains or excess collateral within a 
segregated customer account class following final determination of the defaulting clearing 
member’s losses shall remain segregated to the relevant customer account class, where it 
may be used to satisfy payment obligations arising from such account class in other Product 
Classes, but shall not be added to the clearing member’s collateral generally.  
Any remaining unsatisfied obligations of the defaulting clearing member shall become Losses 
to the Clearing House that shall be satisfied as set forth below. 
802.B.  
Satisfaction of Clearing House Obligations 
If the Clearing House is unable, using the defaulting clearing member’s collateral as set forth in 
Rule 802.A, to satisfy all of the clearing member’s obligations to the Clearing House then such 
obligations shall be met and made good promptly by the Clearing House pursuant to this Rule 
802.B. Such obligations include, but shall not be limited to, costs associated with the 
liquidation, transfer and managing of positions, arising out of: 1) its substitution (pursuant to 
Rule 804 or Rule 8F05) for a defaulting clearing member a defaulting Participating Exchange, 
or a defaulting Partner Clearinghouse; 2) a shortfall in a cross-margining program; 3) the 
failure of a depository, exchange or market apart from the Exchange but whose transactions 
are cleared pursuant to the provisions of Chapters 8B, 8C or 8F; or 4) any other cause. All of 
the foregoing shall be deemed Losses to the Clearing House, which shall be apportioned by 
the Clearing House to Loss categories associated with the Base Guaranty Fund Product Class 
producing the Loss. Losses that cannot readily be attributed to a specific Base Guaranty Fund 
Product Class shall be apportioned by the Clearing House across all Base Guaranty Fund 
Product Classes in proportion to relative size of the Tranches (excluding the Commingled 
Tranche). Losses shall be satisfied by the Clearing House in the order of priority hereafter 
listed.  Non-defaulting clearing members shall take no actions, including but not limited to 
attempting to obtain a court order, that would interfere with the ability of the Clearing House to 
collect and apply assets and proceeds in accordance with this Rule 802.B. For purposes of this 
Rule 802.B, a default by a Participating Exchange or a Partner Clearinghouse shall be 
managed in the same manner as a default by a clearing member. 
1. If Losses Are Limited to the Base Product Class 
i. The corporate contribution of CME, which shall equal $100,000,000 (the “CME 
Contribution”). 
ii. The Base Tranche. 
 
iii. The Commingled Tranche.  
iv. The Alternate Tranche. 
v. The balance of any Losses remaining after the application of the above funds shall be 
assessed against all clearing members (excluding any insolvent or defaulting clearing 
members).  Each clearing member (excluding any insolvent or defaulting clearing member) 
shall be subject to an assessment up to an amount that does not exceed (A) a total of 275 per 
cent of such clearing member’s Base Guaranty Fund requirements attributable to all Base 
Guaranty Fund Product Classes at the time of the default with respect to Losses attributed to a 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 8 of 38 
 
single defaulted clearing member and (B) a total of 550 per cent of such clearing member’s 
Base Guaranty Fund requirements attributable to all Base Guaranty Fund Product Classes at 
the time of the default with respect to Losses attributed to all defaulted clearing members 
during a Base Cooling Off Period. Assessed amounts shall be divided among clearing 
members pro rata in proportion to the size of the Clearing House’s assessment authority with 
respect to each clearing member. 
2. [Reserved]  
3. If Losses Are Limited to an Alternate Product Class: 
i. The CME Contribution. 
ii. The Alternate Tranche. 
iii. The Commingled Tranche. 
iv. The Base Tranche and any other Alternate Tranche, pro rata in accordance with the relative 
size of such Tranches. 
v. The balance of any Losses remaining after the application of the above funds shall be 
assessed against all clearing members (excluding any insolvent or defaulting clearing 
members). Each clearing member (excluding any insolvent or defaulting clearing member) 
shall be subject to an assessment up to an amount that does not exceed (A) a total of 275 per 
cent of such clearing member’s Base Guaranty Fund requirements attributable to all Base 
Guaranty Fund Product Classes at the time of the default with respect to Losses attributed to a 
single defaulted clearing member and (B) a total of 550 per cent of such clearing member’s 
Base Guaranty Fund requirements attributable to all Base Guaranty Fund Product Classes at 
the time of the default with respect to Losses attributed to all defaulted clearing members 
during a Base Cooling Off Period. Assessed amounts shall be divided among clearing 
members pro rata in proportion to the size of the Clearing House’s assessment authority with 
respect to each clearing member.  
4. If Losses Are Apportioned Among Multiple Product Classes: 
Because of differences in the timeframes and processes associated with the liquidation of 
certain product types, the Clearing House may finalize Loss amounts associated with different 
Base Guaranty Fund Product Classes at different points in time. Notwithstanding this, the 
Clearing House will act with all possible speed to satisfy the Losses as they are finalized, in the 
order of priority and per the schedule set forth below.  
i. The CME Contribution shall be applied. The CME Contribution shall be divided by the 
Clearing House into separate segments in proportion to the size of each Tranche except for 
the Commingled Tranche. Each segment of the CME Contribution shall be applied first to 
Losses associated with the applicable Base Guaranty Fund Product Class for such segment, 
and only at such time as one or more Losses associated with such Tranche are finalized. 
Subject to paragraph 802.C if any of the CME Contribution remains after such initial 
application, such funds shall be reserved to be later applied to Losses associated with other 
Product Classes as set forth in paragraph 802.B.4.v. 
ii. The Base Tranche shall be applied to Losses associated with the Base Product Class and 
any Alternate Tranche shall be applied to Losses associated with the applicable Alternate 
Product Class, in each case when one or more Losses associated with such Tranche are 
finalized.  Subject to paragraph 802.C, if the Tranche is not exhausted, any remaining funds 
shall be held in such Tranche and may later be applied to other Losses as set forth in 
paragraph 802.B.4.v. 
iii. The Commingled Tranche funds shall be applied to remaining Losses associated with any 
Base Guaranty Fund Product Class immediately as such Losses are finally determined by the 
Clearing House, in the order that the amounts of such Losses are finalized. Consequently, the 
application of Commingled Tranche funds to Losses associated with one Base Guaranty Fund 
Product Class may occur prior to the finalization of Losses associated with other Base 
Guaranty Fund Product Classes (i.e., prior to the completion of the processes set forth in 
paragraphs 802.B.4.i and 802.B.4.ii with respect to Losses associated with another Base 
Guaranty Fund Product Class).  If Losses associated with more than one Base Guaranty Fund 
Product Class are to be finalized pursuant to auction processes being conducted concurrently, 
then any remaining Commingled Tranche funds shall be divided and allocated to such auctions 
during the auction process, pro rata in proportion to the relative sizes of the mark-to-market 
losses for such Base Guaranty Fund Product Classes. 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 9 of 38 
 
iv. Any Losses remaining after the application of the processes set forth above shall be 
assessed against all clearing members (excluding any insolvent or defaulting clearing 
members) up to an amount that does not exceed (A) a total of 275 per cent of the aggregate 
guaranty fund requirements across all clearing members (excluding any insolvent or defaulting 
clearing members) at the time of the default with respect to the Base Guaranty Fund Product 
Class with which the Loss is associated with respect to Losses attributed to a single defaulted 
clearing member and (B) a total of 550 per cent of the aggregate guaranty fund requirements 
across all clearing members (excluding any insolvent or defaulting clearing members) at the 
time of the default with respect to the Base Guaranty Fund Product Class with which the Loss 
is associated and all defaulted clearing members during a Base Cooling Off Period.  Such 
assessments shall occur on a per- Base Guaranty Fund Product Class basis as Losses 
associated with each Base Guaranty Fund Product Class are finalized by the Clearing House. 
Consequently, the application of an assessment against clearing members with respect to 
Losses associated with one Base Guaranty Fund Product Class may occur prior to the 
finalization of Losses associated with other Base Guaranty Fund Product Classes.  Assessed 
amounts shall be divided among clearing members pro rata in proportion to the size of the 
Clearing House’s assessment authority with respect to each clearing member, without regard 
to the Base Guaranty Fund Product Classes cleared by such clearing member or the 
proportion to which such Base Guaranty Fund Product Classes contribute to such clearing 
member’s maximum assessment exposure.  (For example, a clearing member that clears only 
Alternate Tranche products and that is subject to a maximum $1 billion assessment because of 
that clearing activity will be subject to assessment of up to $500 million for a Loss associated 
with the Base Product Class if 50% of the Clearing House’s aggregate assessment powers are 
generated by Base Guaranty Fund requirements with respect to the Base Product Class.)  Any 
remaining unused assessment authority associated with Base Guaranty Fund Product Classes 
as to which Losses are fully satisfied shall be reserved and later may be applied to Losses 
associated with other Product Classes as set forth in paragraph 802.B.4.v below. 
v. (a) Collateral of the defaulting clearing member, (b) the CME Contribution, (c) Base Tranche 
funds or Alternate Tranche funds, and (d) assessment powers shall be applied to remaining 
Losses as they are finalized with respect to each Base Guaranty Fund Product Class and in 
such order, provided that if at the time of any such application, Losses associated with another 
Base Guaranty Fund Product Class remain to be finalized, the Clearing House shall continue 
to reserve a portion of such remaining funds or assessment powers, pro rata in proportion to 
the size of the Tranches originally supporting such Base Guaranty Fund Product Classes, until 
such remaining Losses are finalized. When all Losses have been finalized by the Clearing 
House, any remaining reserved funds and assessment powers of any kind may be applied to 
satisfy such Losses, pro rata relative to the size of the remaining losses for the Base Guaranty 
Fund Product Classes. 
5. Fedwire and Satisfaction of Assessment 
All amounts assessed by the Clearing House against a clearing member pursuant to this Rule, 
during the hours in which the Federal Reserve's wire transfer system (Fedwire) is in operation, 
shall be paid to the Exchange by such clearing member prior to the close of Fedwire on such 
day (regardless of any local business hours or local holidays in a jurisdiction where a clearing 
member is located); provided, however, that all amounts assessed within one (1) hour prior to 
the close of Fedwire shall be paid to the Exchange within one (1) hour after Fedwire next 
opens. 
Any clearing member that does not satisfy an assessment, made pursuant to this paragraph 
802.B.5 or paragraphs 802.B.1.v, 802.B.2.v, 802.B.3.v, 802.B.4.iv or 802.B.4.v above, shall be 
in default. Any Loss that occurs as a result of such default shall itself be assessed by the 
Clearing House to non-defaulting clearing members pursuant to the applicable paragraph. 
If a clearing member (i) has made payment of all amounts assessed against it pursuant to this 
Rule 802.B in connection with any single default and any related default by any other clearing 
member with respect to its own assessment, (ii) has replenished any deficiency in its Base 
Guaranty Fund contribution in accordance with Rule 802.D, and (iii) within five (5) business 
days after making such payments, has satisfied the other conditions for withdrawal set forth in 
Rule 913.A, it may provide written notice of its application to withdraw from clearing 
membership pursuant to Rule 913. Upon receipt of such notice, provided that the foregoing 
conditions have been satisfied, the withdrawing clearing member shall not be subject to any 
residual assessment to cover Losses for defaults occurring after the related Base Cooling Off 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 10 of 38 
 
Period. Further, the Base Guaranty Fund contribution that it has restored shall not be used or 
applied towards meeting any claim or obligation of the Clearing House pursuant to Rule 802.B 
that arises with respect to defaults occurring after the related Base Cooling Off Period, and the 
withdrawing clearing member’s Base Guaranty Fund contribution shall be released in 
accordance with Rule 913. 
After payment of an assessment pursuant to Rule 802.B, a clearing member shall charge other 
clearing members for whom it clears contracts or carries positions on its books to recover their 
proportional share of the assessment. Such other clearing members shall promptly pay the 
charge. 
6. Details of Implementation 
While adherence to the provisions of this Rule 802.B shall be mandatory, the detailed 
implementation of the process of finalizing Losses with respect to a default, including the 
liquidation, auction or sale of positions or assets of the defaulting clearing member, shall be 
conducted by the Clearing House in consultation with the Clearing House Risk Committee, 
with the approval of the Board, and/or such other committee as the Board may designate.  
In order to ensure that the process for liquidating open commodity contracts results in 
competitive pricing, to the extent feasible under market conditions at the time of liquidation, 
liquidation of open commodity contracts held for a house account or customer account of a 
defaulting clearing member may occur by one or more of the following methods: (a) book entry 
that offsets open commodity contracts on the books of the defaulting clearing member; (b) 
liquidation in the open market; and/or (c) one or more private auctions amongst qualified 
market participants invited by the Clearing House to submit confidential bids. The Clearing 
House shall have discretion to select the best bid submitted for any portfolio in an auction, 
based on the totality of the circumstances. All information received by a Clearing Member, its 
affiliate or customer in connection with the Clearing House’s liquidation and default 
management processes shall be treated as confidential. 
 
In the event that identical customer commodity contracts are liquidated in the open market on 
the same date but cannot be liquidated at the same price, unless the Clearing House 
determines that it would be inappropriate, a weighted average of the liquidation prices for such 
contracts shall be used in determining the value of the liquidated commodity contracts for each 
such customer. In the event that open commodity contracts of multiple customers are 
liquidated in a bulk auction, the net proceeds of such auction shall be allocated on a pro rata 
basis amongst the affected customers based upon their applicable performance bond 
requirements for the clearing cycle immediately prior to the default. 
7. Modifications of Clearing House’s Obligations for Base Contracts 
(a) If at any time following a default of a Base Clearing Member, the assets available to cover 
the default under the preceding sections of Rule 802 are insufficient to satisfy the Loss and 
obligations of the Clearing House to Base Clearing Members as a result of such default, then 
the Clearing House shall, in a manner that is consistent with the requirements of the 
Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations adopted thereunder, conduct its next settlement 
cycle as described in Rule 802.B.7(b). 
(b) The Clearing House shall issue a Clearing Advisory Notice and conduct a settlement cycle 
to determine settlement prices for all Base Contracts and the net portfolio gain or loss for each 
Base Clearing Member and its customers, in accordance with the following: 
(i) The net portfolio gain of a Base Clearing Member (a “collect”), or the net portfolio loss of a 
Base Clearing Member to the Clearing House (a “pay”) shall be determined separately: 
(A) For the Base Clearing Member’s proprietary positions in Base Contracts (the net portfolio 
gain or net portfolio loss for such positions, “Proprietary Base Collects” or “Proprietary Base 
Pays”), 
(B) For a Base Clearing Member that is an FCM, for (i) the futures positions of the Base 
Clearing Member’s customers in Base Contracts held in a futures segregated account and (ii) 
any swap positions or foreign futures positions of such customers that are commingled with 
such futures positions in such account (the net portfolio gain or net portfolio loss for such 
positions described in (i) and (ii) collectively, “Customer Futures Collects” or “Customer 
Futures Pays”. 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 11 of 38 
 
(C) For a Base Clearing Member that is an FCM, for (i) the swap positions in Base Contracts of 
each customer of the Base Clearing Member held in a cleared swaps customer account for 
such customer and (ii) any Commingled Futures Positions (as such term is defined in Rule 
8G831) for each customer (the net portfolio gain or net portfolio loss for such swap positions 
and Commingled Futures Positions described in (i) and (ii) collectively, “Individual Customer 
Swap Collects” or “Individual Customer Swap Pays”). 
(D) For a Base Clearing Member that is an FCM, for the foreign futures positions of the Base 
Clearing Member’s customers held in a secured account (the net portfolio gain or net portfolio 
loss for such positions, also the “Customer Futures Collects” or “Customer Futures Pays,” 
provided, however, that the Clearing House will determine the Customer Futures Collects and 
Customer Futures Pays separately for a Clearing Member’s futures account class and foreign 
futures account class. 
(ii) The Clearing House Oversight Committee (after considering any recommendation of the 
Emergency Financial Committee) may determine a maximum amount of position liquidation 
payments that may be included in the Aggregate Base Collects, based upon then existing facts 
and circumstances, that it deems appropriate to mitigate further disruptions to the markets. 
(iii) The Clearing House shall notify each Base Clearing Member of the amount of its remaining 
Base Assessments, Proprietary Base Pays, Customer Futures Pays and Individual Customer 
Swap Pays and each Base Clearing Member shall pay all such amounts no later than the time 
required for the relevant settlement cycle.  If a Base Clearing Member does not pay all such 
amounts to the Clearing House, the Clearing House shall determine such Base Clearing 
Member to be in default and may take any of the actions specified in Rule 802.A. with respect 
to such Base Clearing Member and its customers. 
(iv) If the amount of Aggregate Base Available Funds received by the Clearing House exceeds 
the Aggregate Base Collects, the Clearing House shall calculate reimbursements of, and 
distribute, the excess funds, in reverse order of the utilization of Base Priority of Payments. 
(v) If the amount of the Aggregate Base Collects exceeds the amount of Aggregate Base 
Available Funds received: 
(A) the Clearing House shall notify Base Clearing Members and provide an opportunity for 
Base Clearing Members and their customers to make voluntary contributions to the Clearing 
House. 
(B) If the amount of the Aggregate Base Collects continues to exceed the amount of Aggregate 
Base Available Funds after the Clearing House adds any voluntary contributions from Rule 
802.B.7(b)(v)(A) to the Aggregate Base Available Funds, then the Clearing House shall apply 
Base Gains Haircuts (as defined below) to the Proprietary Base Collects, Customer Futures 
Collects and Individual Customer Swap Collects for the current settlement cycle and each 
successor settlement cycle on the current Business Day and, unless a Bankruptcy Event has 
occurred, each of the next two Business Days, in accordance with the following: 
Proprietary Base Collects, Customer Futures Collects and Individual Customer Swap Collects 
each shall be reduced on a pro rata basis according to the amount of such collects, to equal 
the amount of Aggregate Base Available Funds received relative to Proprietary Base Collects, 
Customer Futures Collects, and Individual Customer Swap Collects (such process, a “Base 
Gains Haircut”). 
Customer Futures Collects shall be haircut by the Clearing House at the customer account 
class level of each Base Clearing Member.  Each Base Clearing Member shall allocate the 
haircut of its Customer Futures Collects pro rata among its customer with net portfolio gains for 
the relevant settlement cycle; 
(C) The Clearing House Oversight Committee may instruct the Clearing House to extend or 
reduce the number of days during which Base Gains Haircuts are applied by one or two 
Business Days, provided that in no circumstance may the Clearing House conduct settlement 
cycles in which Base Gains Haircuts are applied for longer than five Business Days.  Before 
providing such instruction, the Clearing House Oversight Committee must consider any 
recommendation of the Emergency Financial Committee.  Any recommendation of the 
Emergency Financial Committee and the decision of the Clearing House Oversight Committee, 
each regarding adjusting the duration of settlement cycles with Base Gains Haircuts, must be 
based upon then existing facts and circumstances, be in furtherance of the integrity of the 
Clearing House and the stability of the financial system, and take into consideration the 
legitimate interests of clearing members and market participants; 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 12 of 38 
 
(D) For each settlement cycle conducted in accordance with this subparagraph (v), absent a 
Bankruptcy Event, the Clearing House shall pay the haircut Proprietary Base Collects, 
Customer Futures Collects, and Individual Customer Swap Collects to Base Clearing Members 
as soon as practicable after receipt of the Aggregate Base Available Funds.  Subject to 
applicable law, the Clearing House will make arrangements to pay the customers of a 
defaulted Base Clearing Member; and 
(E) If a Bankruptcy Event occurs following a default of a Base Clearing Member on a day 
during which Base Gains Haircuts are applied to settlement cycles, on the day of the 
Bankruptcy Event, the Clearing House shall conduct a final settlement cycle which shall be 
subject to a Base Gains Haircut. The price determined in accordance with such settlement 
cycle shall be used as the price for a Base Contract when netting and closing out pursuant to 
Rule 818. 
8. Base Partial Tear-Ups and Base Full Tear-Ups 
(a) The Clearing House may, at any time following a default of a Base Clearing Member, notify 
Base Clearing Members and provide an opportunity for Base Clearing Members to voluntarily 
agree to have their proprietary positions or, with a customer’s consent, to agree to have each 
such customer’s positions, extinguished by the Clearing House. 
(b) If proprietary or customer positions in Base Contracts of a defaulted Base Clearing Member 
remain open (the “Remaining Open Base Positions”) following the last settlement cycle 
conducted pursuant to Rule 802.B.7(b)(v), the Clearing House shall extinguish the Remaining 
Open Base Positions through a partial tear-up process (“Base Partial Tear-Up”) or a full tear-
up process (“Base Full Tear-Up”) of proprietary and customer positions of non-defaulted Base 
Clearing Members and non-defaulted customers of the defaulted Base Clearing Member in 
accordance with the following: 
(i) The Clearing House Oversight Committee shall determine the appropriate scope of each 
Base Partial Tear-Up or shall determine that a Base Full Tear-Up is appropriate. Before 
making such determination, the Clearing House Oversight Committee must consider any 
recommendation of the Emergency Financial Committee.  Any recommendation of the 
Emergency Financial Committee and each determination of the Clearing House Oversight 
Committee made for purposes of this Rule 802.B.8 must: 
(A) be based upon then existing facts and circumstances; 
(B) be in furtherance of the integrity of the Clearing House and the stability of the financial 
system; 
(C) take into consideration the legitimate interests of clearing members and market 
participants; and 
(D) aim to extinguish Remaining Open Base Positions and any additional positions in Base 
Contracts deemed necessary to mitigate further disruptions to the markets affected by the 
Remaining Open Base Positions. 
(ii)  A Base Partial Tear-Up may include, but need not be limited to, the following methods: 
(A) Line-by-Line Tear-Up Against the Remaining Open Base Positions.  
Proportionately extinguish Base Contracts held by non-defaulted Base Clearing Members, 
their non-defaulted customers and the non-defaulted customers of the defaulted Base Clearing 
Member that are opposite to the Remaining Open Base Positions and relative to the size of the 
Remaining Open Base Positions; and 
(B) Tear-Up of All Positions in Base Contracts within a Product or Combination of Products. 
Extinguish all open positions in Base Contracts for a product or combination of products. 
(iii) A Base Full Tear-Up would involve the extinguishment of all open positions in Base 
Contracts. 
(c) In connection with any settlement cycle with Base Gains Haircuts, the Clearing House 
Oversight Committee may instruct the Clearing House to extinguish a portion of the Remaining 
Open Base Positions through a Base Partial Tear-Up of proprietary and customer positions of 
non-defaulted Base Clearing Members and non-defaulted customers of the defaulted Base 
Clearing Member. The Clearing House Oversight Committee would determine the appropriate 
scope of each such Base Partial Tear-Up in accordance with the procedures set forth in Rule 
802.B.8(b)(i) and (ii), except that each reference to “Remaining Open Base Positions” shall 
mean the relevant portion of Remaining Open Base Positions. 
9. Limited Recourse for Base Guaranty Fund Products 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 13 of 38 
 
If a default occurs, Base Collateral, Base Customer Collateral and the Base Priority of 
Payments shall be the sole source of payments to cover the Loss until the default is fully and 
finally resolved, as applicable. In the event the Base Collateral, Base Customer Collateral and 
the Base Priority of Payments are insufficient to cover the Loss, regardless of whether the 
CME is able to require a Base Clearing Member to cure a deficiency in the Base Guaranty 
Fund because of the occurrence of a Bankruptcy Event (as such term is defined in Rule 
818.A.), Base Clearing Members and the holders of Base Contracts shall have no recourse to 
any other funds or any other entity, including without limitation the guaranty funds that support 
clearing of other products, CME, CME Group Inc. or any of its affiliates, other than any 
amounts recovered as described in Rule 802.E. 
10. No Claims Against the Exchange or Clearing House 
(a) Base Clearing Members, their affiliates and their customers shall have no claim against the 
Exchange, CME Group Inc. or any affiliates of the Exchange or CME Group Inc., or any 
directors, officers or employees of any of the foregoing, including but not limited to claims 
against any other guaranty fund established by the Exchange, CME Group Inc. or any of its 
affiliates with respect to losses suffered as a result of the application of any provision in this 
Rule 802.B. No beneficial holder of a Base Contract shall have any claim against its non-
defaulted Base Clearing Member as a result of the application of this Rule 802.B. other than 
any amounts recovered as described in Rule 802.E. 
(b) Notwithstanding anything in subparagraph (a), Base Clearing Members, for both their 
proprietary positions in Base Contracts and their customers’ positions in Base Contracts, and 
non-defaulted customers of defaulted Base Clearing Members will have a claim on any 
recovery from the defaulted Base Clearing Member or the estate of the defaulted Base 
Clearing Member in the amount of the Base Gains Haircuts, in the aggregate, applied to such 
positions (such amount with respect to all non-defaulted Base Clearing Members and their 
customers and the non-defaulted customers of the defaulted Base Clearing Member, 
“Aggregate Base Gains Haircuts”), as set forth more fully in Rule 802.E. If the recovery from 
the defaulted Base Clearing Member is less than the Aggregate Base Gains Haircuts, non-
defaulted Base Clearing Members and their customers and the non-defaulted customers of 
defaulted Base Clearing Members will share pro rate in the recovery. 
11. Non-Petition 
No Clearing Member and no customer of a Clearing Member shall institute against, or join any 
other person in instituting against, the Exchange any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, 
insolvency, moratorium, liquidation or examinership proceedings, or other similar proceedings 
under U.S. federal or state bankruptcy laws or other applicable law arising out of any claimed 
default by the Clearing House on a Base Contract as a result of the extinguishment of such 
Base Contract and related payments in accordance with these Rules. 
802.C. 
Application of Funds to Avoid Clearing House Insolvency 
5BNotwithstanding any requirements to reserve funds set forth in Rule 802.A or Rule 802.B, if at 
any point following a default, the Clearing House will be unable to timely fulfill its obligations 
following application of the funds described above in the priority described above, such that the 
Clearing House is in imminent danger of defaulting on its obligations or being declared 
insolvent, then the Clearing House shall be entitled to apply to such obligation any available 
funds reserved from the defaulting clearing member’s collateral, the CME Contribution or any 
Tranche (other than the Commingled Tranche, which shall have been exhausted pursuant to 
paragraph 802.B.4.iii), in the foregoing order of priority, if necessary to avoid a default by the 
Clearing House or a declaration of its insolvency. Such use of reserved funds may only be 
made (i) if the Clearing House reasonably concludes that there is a reasonable expectation 
that (A) the use of such funds will satisfy the immediate obligation and avoid a default or 
insolvency and (B) that the remaining funds in the overall financial safeguards package 
(including assessment powers) will be sufficient to satisfy the finalized Losses with respect to 
all Base Guaranty Fund Product Classes, and (ii) the Clearing House reaches such conclusion 
in consultation with the Clearing House’s primary regulator as to the specific facts, 
circumstances and estimates of Losses supporting such conclusion.  In such case, the 
Clearing House shall restore the funds so employed to the reserved collateral segments, the 
CME Contribution segments or Tranches from which they were drawn promptly following 
receipt by the Clearing House of assessment payments or any other amounts that become 
available to it in respect of obligations arising out of the defaulted clearing member’s default. 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 14 of 38 
 
802.D.  
Utilization of Remaining Base Collateral of Defaulted Clearing Member; 
 
Restoration of Funds Following Final Determination of Losses 
1. 
After the default of a Base Clearing Member is finally resolved, excess Base Collateral of 
the clearing member may be used by the Clearing house for losses to the Clearing House of 
such clearing member for IRS Products on a pro rata basis based on the amount of any 
unresolved losses for such product classes. 
2. 
If after the default of a clearing member is finally resolved, the Clearing House determines 
that collateral of the defaulting clearing member, the CME Contribution, Tranche funds other 
than the Commingled Tranche, or assessment powers were employed in a manner different 
from what would have occurred had all assets been secured and liquidated immediately and all 
Losses finalized simultaneously, then the Clearing House shall make appropriate (i) 
distributions to the non-defaulting firms whose Base Guaranty Funds were applied or who 
were assessed and/or (ii) rebalancing allocations among Base Guaranty Fund tranches. 
802.E.  
Rights of Exchange for Recovery of Loss 
Losses caused by the default of a Base Clearing Member, Participating Exchange or Partner 
Clearinghouse are amounts due to the Clearing House from such Base Clearing Member, 
Participating Exchange or Partner Clearinghouse and shall remain legal obligations thereof 
notwithstanding the Clearing House’s recourse to the loss-mutualization provisions of this Rule 
802, and the Clearing House shall take commercially reasonable steps to recover (including 
claims submitted in an insolvency or resolution proceeding) such amounts. If any portion of 
these amounts is subsequently recovered by the Exchange, the net amount of such recovery 
shall be credited to non-defaulted Base Clearing Members (whether or not they are still 
clearing members at the time of recovery) in the following order on a pro rata basis based on 
(1) the amount of their (and their customers’, if applicable) voluntary contributions with respect 
to such default, (2) the amount of their (and their customers’, if applicable) Aggregate Base 
Gains Haircuts with respect to such default, (3) the amount of their Base Assessments utilized 
by the Clearing House with respect to such default, and (4) the amount of their guaranty fund 
contribution utilized by the Clearing House with respect to such default, each in the order 
listed, and then to the Exchange for the amount of the CME Contribution utilized by the 
Clearing House with respect to such default. 
802.F.  
Guaranty Fund Contributions to be Restored 
In the event it shall become necessary to apply all or part of the Base Guaranty Fund 
contributions to meet obligations to the Clearing House pursuant to this Rule 802, clearing 
members shall restore their contribution to the Base Guaranty Fund to previously required 
level prior to the close of business on the next banking day. 
802.G.  
Default Management Across Account Classes 
The procedures set forth in 802.A and 802.B shall be conducted separately by the Clearing 
House with respect to open positions and associated performance bond contributions for 
different account classes (futures, foreign futures and cleared swaps).  Upon a default, the 
Clearing House may, in accordance with applicable law,  act immediately to attempt to transfer 
to alternate clearing members part or all customer positions and associated collateral with 
respect to any customer account class in which there is no default on payment obligations or 
shortfall in required collateral, and in such cases the Clearing House shall not apply 
segregated customer collateral to any payment obligations or Losses arising from a default in 
any proprietary account or a different customer account class.  
1. If a default occurs in a customer futures account, the Clearing House has the right to 
liquidate and apply toward the default all open positions and customer performance bond 
deposits in the futures account class of the defaulting clearing member. Accordingly, positions 
and performance bonds deposited by customers not causing the default are at risk if there is a 
default in the futures account class of their clearing member. If the Clearing House liquidates 
positions and/or collateral in the futures account class, any collateral remaining after 
application to Losses in respect of such account class shall be reserved to the futures account 
class in order to satisfy the claims of non-defaulting customers in accordance with applicable 
law. If the Clearing House liquidates positions and/or collateral in the foreign futures account 
class, any collateral remaining after application to Losses in respect of such account class 
shall be reserved to the foreign futures account class in order to satisfy the claims of non-
defaulting customers in accordance with applicable law. 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 15 of 38 
 
2. In order to minimize disruptions and loss to its public customers if a clearing member 
defaults, each clearing member shall cause its cleared swaps customers to establish 
arrangements to directly make all required performance bond and settlement variation 
payments directly to the Clearing House and to keep current and on file with the Clearing 
House any direction to transfer its open positions and collateral to another clearing member. 
3. The Clearing House shall treat positions and collateral of the cleared swaps customers of a 
clearing member, which has been declared to be in default, in accordance with Part 22 of the 
CFTC’s regulations.  Immediately after the default of a clearing Member, the Clearing House 
shall cease netting settlement variation among the cleared swaps customers of the defaulted 
clearing member.  
4. If the Clearing House ceases to net settlement variation margin of the customers of a 
defaulted clearing member, the Clearing House will calculate the settlement variation margin 
obligation owed to each cleared swaps customer (“collects”), and also calculate the settlement 
variation margin obligation owed to the Clearing House by each cleared swaps customer 
(“pays”).  The Clearing House will establish a holding account for settlement variation margin 
collects owed to each cleared swaps customer or, subject to necessary approvals, pay such 
settlement variation margin collects directly to each cleared swaps customer.  The Clearing 
House will collect cleared swaps customer settlement variation margin pays from the following 
sources:  
(i) 
Directly from the obligated cleared swaps customer in accordance with the arrangements 
established pursuant to 802.G.2 or by attaching any excess collateral attributable to that 
customer; 
(ii) By means of liquidating the collateral supporting the cleared swaps customer’s position 
attributed to a cleared swaps customer that fails to make a required settlement variation 
payment when due.  The proceeds of such liquidation shall be used to meet the cleared swaps 
customer's settlement variation pay obligation to the clearing house. (If the collateral is 
liquidated, the positions supported by the collateral shall be promptly liquidated.);  
Any unmet cleared swaps customer obligation to the Clearing House will be a “Loss,” per 
802.A.2, and will be cured in accordance with the provisions of 802.B. 
5. The Clearing House shall rely on its own books and records to identify the portfolio of rights 
and obligations arising from the positions of each cleared swaps customer.  To the extent the 
Clearing House’s books and records are not available or the Clearing House determines that 
its books and records are not accurate, the Clearing House shall rely on the information 
provided by the defaulted clearing member to identify the portfolio of rights and obligations 
arising from the positions for each of its cleared swaps customers. 
6. Upon liquidating the defaulting clearing member’s proprietary account, any remaining 
collateral may be applied by the Clearing House to Losses remaining in the defaulting clearing 
member’s customer account classes, provided that such collateral shall be divided among the 
Product Classes as described above. If the defaulting clearing member has more than one 
customer account class that has been declared to have defaulted, proceeds from the 
defaulting clearing member’s proprietary account for each relevant Product Class shall be 
divided by the Clearing House pro rata among such customer account classes, based on their 
applicable performance bond requirements for the clearing cycle immediately prior to the 
default.  
802.H. 
Base Cooling Off Period and Multiple Defaults 
The provisions set forth in Rule 802.A and 802.B shall apply with respect to each default by a 
clearing member.  If more than one clearing member default occurs at a time or in close 
sequence, including a default that occurs by reason of a clearing member’s failure to satisfy an 
assessment demand, the Clearing House shall manage the defaults separately.  Upon any 
default, non-defaulted clearing members shall be subject to a maximum obligation during the 
relevant Base Cooling Off Period to contribute to the Base Guaranty Fund and to fund 
assessments as set forth in Rule 802.B.  This maximum shall apply from the date of the 
original default until the later of (i) the 5th Business Day thereafter and (ii) if another clearing 
member defaults during the 5 Business Days following the initial or any subsequent default, 
the 5th Business Day following the last such default (such period, the “Base Cooling Off 
Period”), regardless of the number of defaults that occur during such Base Cooling Off Period. 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 16 of 38 
 
 
The aggregate maximum contribution for the Base Cooling Off Period shall be based upon 
each clearing member’s Base Guaranty Fund requirement and assessment exposure in effect 
at the commencement of the Base Cooling Off Period.  The maximum does not limit clearing 
members’ obligations to restore their Guaranty Fund contributions as set forth in Rule 802.F, 
except that if the clearing member’s required Guaranty Fund contribution would exceed such 
maximum, the clearing member’s Base Guaranty Fund requirement shall be reduced 
accordingly for the remainder of the Base Cooling Off Period.  Following a Base Cooling Off 
Period, the Clearing House shall notify each clearing member of its Base Guaranty Fund 
deposit obligation and its assessment exposure.  
The CME Contribution to the Base Guaranty Fund shall be limited to an aggregate maximum 
of $100,000,000 during the Base Cooling Off Period. The Board may, at its discretion, 
authorize additional funds be added to the CME Contribution during the Base Cooling Off 
Period.    
803. 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 
The liability of the Clearing House shall be limited to losses resulting from the substitution of 
the Clearing House upon contracts between clearing members and to losses in connection 
with substitution of another Participating Exchange for clearing members (i.e., the Mutual 
Offset System), and to losses in connection with amounts due and owing from a Partner 
Clearing House.  The Clearing House shall not be liable for any other obligations, including but 
not limited to, obligations of a non-clearing member, obligations of a clearing member to a non-
member, obligations of a clearing member to another member of the Clearing House who is 
acting for him as broker, or obligations to a customer by a clearing member; nor shall the 
Clearing House become liable to make deliveries to or accept deliveries from a customer of its 
clearing members. 
6B804. 
SUBSTITUTIONF 
Except with respect to trades made pursuant to Rules 526, 538 and 853, the Clearing House 
shall, through the process of novation, be substituted as, and assume the position of, seller to 
the buyer and buyer to the seller of the relevant number of Exchange or Marketplace contracts 
upon the successful matching of trade data submitted to the Clearing House by the clearing 
members on the long and short sides of a trade.  With respect to contracts that are traded on 
and matched by another exchange or market, the Clearing House shall be substituted as, and 
assume the position of, seller to buyer and buyer to seller of the relevant number of such 
contracts upon matching of trade data submitted to and accepted by the Clearing House. 
Upon such substitution, each clearing member shall be deemed to have bought the contracts 
from or sold the contracts to the Clearing House, as the case may be, and the Clearing House 
shall have all the rights and be subject to all the liabilities of such member with respect to such 
transaction.  Such substitution shall be effective in law for all purposes. 
With regard to trades made pursuant to Rules 526, 538 and 853, the Clearing House shall be 
substituted at the time payment of the first settlement variation and performance bond due for 
such trades pursuant to Rule 814 is confirmed by the appropriate settlement bank for both 
members. 
7B805. 
OPEN POSITIONS 
All contracts for the purchase or sale of any product for future delivery shall remain open and 
in force, and shall continue to be binding upon the original parties until liquidated by offset as 
provided in Rule 806 or by delivery or failure to perform as provided in Chapter 7. 
8B806. 
OFFSET PROCESS 
When a member buys and sells the same commodity for the same delivery month or a put or 
call option with the same strike price and expiration month and such contracts are cleared 
through the Clearing House, the purchases and sales are not automatically offset one against 
the other.  Transactions can only be offset against one another by complying with Rule 811, 
and, once offset (closed-out), may not subsequently be re-opened at the Exchange.  
9B807. 
OPEN LONG POSITIONS DURING DELIVERY MONTH 
At such times and in such manner as shall be prescribed by the Manual, clearing members 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 17 of 38 
 
shall submit a complete and accurate record of dates of all open purchases for use in making 
deliveries.  Clearing members shall be fully responsible for inventories submitted to the 
Clearing House.   
This rule shall not apply to trading in options contracts. 
9B808. 
PROCEDURES FOR TRADE SUBMISSION ON CME CLEARPORT 
808.A. 
Scope of Rule 
This Rule governs transactions not competitively executed on the Exchange ("Transactions") 
that are submitted via CME ClearPort for clearing in connection with a contract that is listed on 
the Exchange for clearing only or listed for trading and clearing on the Exchange. For purposes 
of this Rule, the two parties to the Transaction shall be referenced as the "Parties to the 
Transaction."  
808.B. 
Compliance with Regulatory Exemptions and Exclusions 
Each of the Parties to the Transaction shall be responsible for ensuring that, where applicable, 
the Transaction complies with CFTC regulatory requirements or, in the case of foreign futures, 
with regulatory requirements in the jurisdiction in which the exchange listing the contracts is 
located. 
808.C. 
Block Trades or Exchange for Related Position Transactions 
The process of submission of a block trade or an exchange for related position Transaction 
(“EFRP”) executed pursuant to Rules 526 or 538, as applicable, shall not be deemed to have 
been completed unless and until the Parties to the Transaction have successfully concluded 
the submission of the Transaction to the Clearing House as a block trade or an Exchange of 
Futures for Physical ("EFP"), an Exchange of Futures for Risk ("EFR") or an Exchange of 
Options for Options ("EOO"), as applicable, pursuant to the provisions of this Rule and the 
requirements of Rule 804.  
808.D. 
OTC Derivatives Transactions Submitted for Clearing 
CME ClearPort allows for the submission of off-Exchange OTC derivatives Transactions that 
the Exchange has designated as eligible for clearing only.  Such Transactions are subject to 
the Rules of the Exchange applicable to such cleared-only products. 
808.E. 
Trade Submission Procedures 
All Transactions submitted to the Exchange pursuant to this Rule must be submitted in 
accordance with the procedures established by the Exchange and the Clearing House for this 
purpose, as amended from time to time.  The Parties to the Transaction and any Party 
authorized under Section F. of this Rule with brokering capability ("Broker" or "Brokers") to 
submit executed transactions on behalf of Parties to the Transaction to the Exchange shall be 
responsible, both individually and jointly, for accurately confirming the details of the 
Transaction to the Exchange.  Additionally, Brokers submitting Transactions on behalf of 
Parties to the Transaction remain responsible for ensuring that such Transactions are 
accurately and timely submitted in accordance with the requirements of applicable Exchange 
Rules and requirements of the Clearing House.  Once submitted, such transactions may not be 
modified except in accordance with Section H. of this Rule.  The Exchange has no 
responsibility with respect to the confirmation of trade terms for the Transactions, and the 
Clearing Members carrying the account of the Parties to the Transaction shall only be 
responsible for the confirmation required pursuant to Rule 957.  
808.F. 
CME ClearPort Registration Requirements 
Each Clearing Member must register with the Exchange in the manner required for any 
customer authorized by the Clearing Member to submit transactions to the Exchange pursuant 
to this Rule, and must also register with the Exchange the applicable account numbers for 
each such customer.  For each such account, the Clearing Member carrying that account must 
also submit to the Exchange the name of any Broker(s) who has registered with the Exchange 
for services provided by the Exchange, and who is authorized by the customer to act on its 
behalf in the submission of executed Transactions to the Exchange.  For any such Brokers 
authorized by the customer and submitted to the Exchange by the Clearing Member, such 
submission by the Clearing Member will not constitute an endorsement or ratification of the 
customer's authorization of the Broker. Moreover, submission of Brokers authorized by the 
customer will not mean that the Clearing Member is in privity with, has a relationship with 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 18 of 38 
 
and/or is otherwise standing behind any of the customer's authorized Brokers, and the 
Clearing Member will have no responsibility for any such Brokers selected by the customer 
and no duty or obligation to supervise the activities of any such Brokers.  
808.G. 
Establishment of Authorized Commodities and Account Risk Limit(s)  
With the exception of Interest Rate Swap (“IRS”) Transactions, for each account number that 
has been registered with the Exchange pursuant to Section F. of this Rule, a Clearing Member 
must also input into the CME Account Manager system an authorization identifying the specific 
commodities for which a Transaction may be submitted to the Exchange pursuant to this Rule 
and the account risk limit(s) assigned by the Clearing Member for Transactions for that 
account.   
808.H. 
Trade Deletion Procedures for Transactions Submitted via CME ClearPort  
Following submission of the trade details by Broker (or by Exchange staff as mutually agreed 
by the Parties to the Transaction), an e-mail will be transmitted to the Parties to the 
Transaction notifying them that they have been listed as counterparties in a Transaction that 
has been submitted to the Exchange.  Following such submission, a buyer or seller may not 
unilaterally reject the trade terms previously submitted to the Exchange.  However, in order to 
correct an error resulting from the good faith actions of the Broker or Exchange staff, as 
applicable, and upon mutual consent of the Parties to the Transaction, Broker or Exchange 
staff, as applicable, may void the transaction provided, however, that this void response is 
received by the Exchange within three Business Days of the time of the initial submission of 
the Transaction to the Exchange.  Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section, the Parties to 
the Transaction and any Broker authorized by the Parties to the Transaction pursuant to 
Section E. of this Rule may be subject to sanctions pursuant to Rule 512 for the inaccurate, 
incomplete or untimely submission of the Transactions to the Clearing House.  
808.I. 
Entry of Transactions  
For a Transaction submitted to the Exchange pursuant to this rule, such Transaction will first 
be routed to the Exchange's credit check system.  The time of entry of a Transaction into the 
Exchange's system will be recorded by the system and will be used by the Exchange as the 
time that a credit check was conducted pursuant to Section J. below.  
808.J. 
Use of Credit Check System  
The Exchange will conduct a credit check for each Transaction.  The credit check will confirm 
whether the Clearing Member carrying that account has authorized that account for 
Transactions submitted pursuant to this Rule in the commodity involved in the Transaction, 
and confirm whether the entry of the Transaction into clearing would fall within the account risk 
limit(s) established by the Clearing Member.  At all times until both sides (Buy and Sell) of the 
Transaction have successfully cleared the credit check and the Clearing House has been 
substituted as the counterparty to the Transaction pursuant to Rule 804, a Transaction 
submitted to the Exchange pursuant to this rule shall remain as an uncleared Transaction.  In 
the event that either side of the Transaction is rejected as a result of the credit check test, the 
Parties to the Transaction and their respective Clearing Members will be informed accordingly.  
Thereafter, any determination as to further action with respect to the Transaction will be the 
sole responsibility of the Parties to the Transaction.  
808.K. 
Trade Submission Deadlines  
With the exception of IRS and FX Spot, Forward and Swaps Transactions, all other 
Transactions that are submitted, confirmed and accepted for clearing, as further provided by 
Section L. of this rule, prior to 5:15 p.m. New York time on an Exchange Business Day will be 
included by the Exchange for clearing for that Business Day.  The Exchange reserves the right 
to modify these business hours without notice at any time. The CME ClearPort Facilitation 
Desk will generally be available to assist users 24 hours a day on all Exchange Business 
Days.   
808.L. 
Clearance by Both Sides of the Transactions of Credit Check  
Upon clearance by both sides of the Transaction of the credit check, the Transaction shall be 
deemed to have been accepted for clearing and will be routed automatically to the Exchange's 
clearing system.  Notwithstanding the above, a Clearing Member shall also be responsible for 
accepting and clearing a position for a Transaction entered into the Exchange's clearing 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 19 of 38 
 
system for clearing following any non-operation of the Exchange's credit check functionality for 
the applicable account carried by the Clearing Member. 
12B809. 
TRADE DATA PROCESSING SYSTEM 
39B809.A. 
Trade Data 
Every clearing member must submit accurate trade data for the day's business to the Clearing 
House no later than the time specified by the Clearing House. 
40B809.B. 
Matched and Unmatched Trades  
The Clearing House shall process all trade data submitted by clearing members but shall 
accept only those trade records (transactions) which are in agreement with the corresponding 
trade records submitted by the opposite clearing members.  
Trade records will be matched, to the extent the opposite trade information is consistent, 
through the tiered matching process. 
Resubmitted trade data will be processed by the Clearing House.  Trades with unmatched 
trade information remaining after the tiered matching process will be rejected and outtrade 
notices will be issued to clearing members. 
Trades unreconciled after the final reconciliation must be submitted on the following business 
day as "as-of-trades." 
41B809.C. 
Trade Register and Clearing Reports 
From the trade data cleared during each day's reconciliation, the Clearing House will produce 
a trade register for each clearing member which will itemize by commodity and contract: the 
opening long and short position, the contracts bought and/or sold during the day, the prices at 
which executed, and the settlement amounts. 
The Clearing House will also produce a recap ledger for each clearing member that will itemize 
various position and financial information that includes but is not limited to, commodity 
positions, settlement amounts and performance bond information. 
42B809.D. 
Reconciliation of Outtrades 
It shall be the primary responsibility of the clearing member to see that all trades are cleared 
prior to the opening of the following day's open outcry market. 
Each member, if applicable, and clearing member firm shall designate a person or persons 
who will be available and responsible for reconciling the member or clearing member firm's 
outtrades.  The person or persons shall be qualified to resolve outtrades as the member or 
clearing member firm's designated outtrade representative.  Failure to have a qualified 
representative available, with all materials necessary to reconcile outtrades, at the time 
specified above shall constitute negligence in the determination of responsibility for any 
outtrades.  If one firm cannot locate another firm's broker or representative for clearing 
purposes during these time periods, it shall report such fact to the Global Head of Clearing & 
Post-Trade Services.  If the Global Head of Clearing & Post-Trade Services or their designee 
cannot find the broker or representative of the firm, fines will be assessed in the amounts of 
$1,000, $2,000 or $3,000 sequentially, for violations occurring within a 30-day period. 
13B810. 
FALSE ENTRIES ON CLEARING MEMORANDA 
No member shall place any false or inaccurate entries on any clearing memoranda, including, 
with respect to a Participating Clearing Member, the clearing memoranda of a Cross-Margining 
Clearing Organization. 
14B811. 
POSITION CHANGE DATA 
Position change data must be submitted to the Clearing House each trading day not later than 
the time specified by the Clearing House.  Position change data will be in such form and 
contain such information as prescribed by the Clearing House.  When requested, the 
identification of accounts will be made available to the Financial and Regulatory Surveillance 
Department. 
15B812. 
FINAL SETTLEMENT PRICE 
Certain products, as described in the applicable product chapters, have procedures for 
establishing a final settlement price that are distinct from the procedures for establishing the 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 20 of 38 
 
daily settlement price for the product on the last day of trading. For such products, if a final 
settlement price is unable to be determined or if the applicable procedures result in a clearly 
aberrant final settlement price inconsistent with market value and alternative settlement 
procedures are not otherwise specified in the relevant product chapter, then the Chief 
Executive Officer or Chief Operating Officer, or their delegate, may establish a final settlement 
price that reflects the true market value at the time of final settlement.   
A payment in settlement of a delivery obligation (physical or cash settled) shall not be adjusted 
after ten business days for any reason, including, without limitation, a calculation error or 
erroneous and/or incomplete input. 
813. 
DAILY SETTLEMENT PRICE  
Daily settlement prices shall be determined each business day for each product pursuant to 
one or more of the procedures set forth below. The settlement price shall be a price consistent 
with the minimum tick increment for the product; if the calculated settlement price is not a 
standard tick increment, the calculated settlement price will be rounded either to the nearest 
tick or to the tick closer to the previous day’s settlement price. The procedure used to 
determine the settlement price of a product will depend on the product group, level of activity 
and liquidity during the defined settlement period, and the trading venue(s) used to derive the 
settlement. To the extent that any members participate in the creation of settlement prices, 
they agree to assign and transfer to the Exchange any and all right, title and interest in and to 
the settlement prices, including, but not limited to, all copyright in the settlement prices.  
1. [Reserved] 
2.  Volume-Weighted Average Price (VWAP) of the Settlement Period: In products that use 
this procedure, all outright trades that occur during the defined settlement period are utilized to 
calculate the VWAP for specified contract months and the VWAP will be the settlement price. If 
the open outcry venue is used to determine the settlement price, the VWAP may be estimated. 
The calculated or estimated VWAP of relevant spread trades that occur during the settlement 
period may be used to determine the settlement price of deferred or less actively traded 
contract months in products that use this procedure. 
3.  Bid/Ask Midpoint at the Settlement or during the Settlement Period: In products that use 
this procedure, the midpoint of the bid/ask at the defined settlement time or during the defined 
settlement period will be the settlement price. 
4.  Option Settlements: Option settlements are derived from available market information 
including, but not limited to, outright trades, bids or offers during the settlement period, relevant 
spread trades, bids or offers during the settlement period, the settlement price of the 
underlying future and relevant relationships based on option pricing theory using option pricing 
models employed by the Exchange. 
5.  For all contract months not determined by one of the methods set forth above or pursuant 
to Section 6 below, relevant spread relationships between contract months will be used to 
derive the settlement. 
6.  In the event the Exchange determines that the settlement price derived by one of the 
methods set forth above is not an accurate representation of the relevant market, the 
Exchange may determine the settlement price based on other market prices, including 
settlement prices for similar contracts trading on other exchanges. 
7.  For all products that are settled with the delivery of, or by reference to, the same 
underlying instrument but which are offered in alternative contract sizes (mini or micro), a 
single settlement price will be applicable to all such contracts, with necessary adjustments 
made to round to the nearest tradable price increment eligible in all such contracts.  
8.  For contracts cleared through ClearPort Clearing that are not otherwise settled by one of 
the methods set forth above, staff shall determine settlement prices for such contracts based 
upon a consideration of relevant market data, including, but not limited to, trading activity in 
relevant OTC products, pricing data obtained from OTC market participants, the settlement 
prices of related products and any other pricing data from sources deemed reliable by Staff.  
9.  Notwithstanding the above, if a settlement price in any product, as derived by the normal 
methodology used for that product, is inconsistent with trades, bids or offers in other 
months/strikes during the settlement period, or other relevant market information, or if there is 
no relevant market activity, an Exchange official may establish a settlement price that best 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 21 of 38 
 
reflects the true market valuation at the settlement time or during the defined settlement 
period. 
10.  For products cleared by the Clearing House on behalf of another entity, the settlement 
price shall be determined according to the rules of such entity. 
11.  Notwithstanding the above, in the case of inaccuracy or unavailability of a settlement 
price, or if a settlement price creates risk management concerns for the Clearing House, the 
Clearing House reserves the right to calculate settlement variation using an alternate price 
determined by the Clearing House. 
17B814. 
SETTLEMENTS, SETTLEMENT VARIATION PAYMENTS, AND OPTION VALUE 
When a clearing member or its customer is long or short any amount of any Commodity for a 
settlement cycle, as indicated by Clearing House records, settlement for any outstanding 
exposure shall be made with the Clearing House.  A settlement cycle shall be conducted at 
least once each Business Day at such times as the Clearing House shall determine.  The 
Clearing House may establish different settlement cycles for different contracts.  For purposes 
of this Rule 814, "outstanding exposure" shall mean the obligations to pay, as applicable, any 
settlement variation payment and any other payments due in respect of a Commodity 
(including price alignment amount, coupon payments, option premiums and upfront fees and, 
for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any posting of performance bond). 
Each clearing member for its proprietary and customer positions shall pay to, or collect from, 
the Clearing House any loss or profit for non-option Commodities as a settlement variation 
payment, as the case may be, represented by the difference between (x) the settlement price 
of the Commodity for such settlement cycle and (y) the settlement price of the Commodity for 
the prior settlement cycle (or, for the first settlement cycle after the purchase/sale of such 
Commodity, the price at which the Commodity was purchased or sold).   
Except as otherwise specifically provided for in the contract chapters, for Commodities that are 
options, the Clearing House will determine option value for each option and the net option 
value of each portfolio.  For a settlement cycle, (i) if the net option value of the portfolio is 
positive, such amount may be used to satisfy performance bond requirements for the portfolio, 
(ii) if the net option value of a portfolio is negative, such amount will increase the performance 
bond requirements for the portfolio.   
All payments in satisfaction of outstanding exposures must be paid in cash or any other form of 
payment approved by the Clearing House Risk Committee; shall be settlement (within the 
meaning of CFTC Rule 39.14); and shall be final, irrevocable and unconditional no later than 
when the correct Clearing House bank account at the relevant settlement bank is debited or 
credited with the payment.  Payments in satisfaction of outstanding exposures shall not 
constitute "property, cash, securities or collateral deposited with the Clearing House" for 
purposes of Rules 819 and 8F008 but, where such payments are retained by the Clearing 
House at the instruction of the Clearing Member, such payments shall be deemed to be 
property held by the Clearing House within the meaning of Section 761(10) of the US 
Bankruptcy Code. 
For each of the Clearing House's classes of clearing (i.e., Base Guaranty Fund Products and 
IRS Products), once all payments in satisfaction of outstanding exposure between a clearing 
member and the Clearing House for a settlement cycle are final for any of the clearing 
member's house account, its customer segregated account, its customer secured account or 
its cleared swaps customer account, the outstanding exposure between the clearing member 
and the Clearing House for all Commodities in such class of clearing in the respective account 
subject to that settlement cycle shall be settled, and the fair value of each such Commodity 
shall then be reset to zero. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Clearing House shall not be required to pay any profit to a 
Participating Clearing Member in the event that such member or its Cross-Margining Affiliate 
fails to make any required settlement for that settlement cycle with a Cross-Margining Clearing 
Organization.   
If the market conditions or price fluctuations are such that the Clearing House deems it 
necessary, it may call upon the clearing members, which in its opinion are affected, to pay 
funds to the Clearing House by such time and in such amount as specified by the Clearing 
House to meet such settlements as the Clearing House estimates may be necessary.  The 
Clearing House may pay out funds to those clearing members that, in the opinion of the 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 22 of 38 
 
Clearing House, will have credit balances as a result of those same market conditions or price 
fluctuations; except that in no instance may the Clearing House pay out funds to a clearing 
member, other than at the regular settlement, in excess of the total original performance bond 
deposits it holds for such clearing member.  All payments made under this Rule shall be 
subject to the procedures prescribed by the Clearing House and set forth in the Manual.  
18B815. 
THIRD PARTY EXECUTION PLATFORMS FOR SWAPS 
815.A. 
Exclusivity of Clearing House Rules 
The Clearing House Rules shall exclusively apply, and prevail to the extent there is any conflict 
with any third party rules, to all swap trades, and resulting positions, from the time that a swap 
trade, including a swap trade executed on a Swap Execution Facility (“SEF”) or other third 
party execution platform for swaps (collectively, “Third Party Execution Platforms”), is 
submitted for clearing.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Clearing House rejects a swap 
trade for clearing, the Clearing House Rules shall cease to apply to that swap trade until such 
swap trade is resubmitted for clearing. 
815.B. 
Clearing House Authority 
The Clearing House will have the sole authority to: 
1. 
determine whether any trade submitted for clearing will be accepted or rejected.  For the 
avoidance of doubt, Third Party Execution Platforms may not make a determination on clearing 
acceptance or rejection and may only communicate the Clearing House’s determination of 
whether a trade has been accepted or rejected for clearing. 
2. 
block or cancel any trades submitted for clearing by, or on behalf of, any Third Party 
Execution Platforms if it determines that such trades were executed or submitted to the 
Clearing House in error. 
3. 
deny or terminate the connection of Third Party Execution Platforms to the Clearing House 
due to technical, operational or risk management issues at the Third Party Execution 
Platforms. 
4. 
determine whether it will accept any trade transaction counterparty risk. 
5. 
determine whether contracts cleared by the Clearing House are economically equivalent 
and should be offset within the Clearing House pursuant to the Act. 
815.C. 
Voids and Price Adjustments 
 
A void or price adjustment for any swap trade that has been accepted for clearing is not valid 
without the consent of the Clearing House. 
815.D. 
Submission to Clearing House Rules and Access to Execution Platforms 
All Third Party Execution Platforms that submit, or have submitted on their behalf, swap trades 
for clearing to the Clearing House shall be bound by Clearing House Rules, including, but not 
necessarily limited to, the disciplinary Rules and the emergency Rules contained in Chapters 
2, 4, 8, and 8G and shall, at all times, provide the Clearing House with access to its execution 
platform for risk management purposes. 
815.E. 
Compliance with Regulatory Standards 
No Third Party Execution Platform may submit swap trades for clearing to the Clearing House 
unless it has complied with all applicable CFTC regulations, standards and requirements 
including, but not limited to, technological, operational and risk management standards. 
815.F. 
Transfer of Swap Positions 
No swap positions may be transferred, including those resulting from an execution on Third 
Party Execution Platforms, unless such transfer is made in accordance with the Clearing 
House Rules. 
815.G. 
Applicability to Security-Based Swaps 
Rule 815 does not apply to security-based swaps. 
19B816. 
GUARANTY FUND DEPOSIT 
Each clearing member shall make a Base Guaranty Fund deposit with the Exchange as 
security for its obligations to the Clearing House. The minimum Base Guaranty Fund deposit of 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 23 of 38 
 
a clearing member shall equal the greater of (a) $500,000 if clearing CME, CBOT, NYMEX or 
COMEX futures and options on futures only, (b) $2,500,000 if clearing OTC spot, forward or 
swaps contracts or (c) the clearing member's proportionate share of the "Aggregate Guaranty 
Fund Deposit." This requirement is separate and distinct from the guaranty fund deposit 
requirement for IRS Products as set forth in Chapter 8G of the CME Rulebook. The Aggregate 
Guaranty Fund Deposit shall be an amount determined by the Clearing House. 
Each clearing member's proportionate share of the Aggregate Guaranty Fund Deposit shall 
consist of: 
(i) a specified percentage of the Aggregate Guaranty Fund Deposit multiplied by the clearing 
member's proportionate share (including the total risk performance bond requirement in 
respect of positions in its cross-margin accounts and any applicable short option value) of the 
average aggregate risk performance bond requirement (including the risk performance bond 
requirement in respect of positions in all cross-margin accounts and any applicable short 
option value) for the preceding three months; plus 
(ii) a specified percentage of the Aggregate Guaranty Fund Deposit multiplied by the clearing 
member's proportionate share of the total number of contracts executed on the Exchange and 
any applicable exchange or market during the preceding three months; plus 
 (iii) a specified percentage of the Aggregate Guaranty Fund Deposit multiplied by the clearing 
member’s proportionate share of foreign currency settlements for the preceding three months. 
The percentages in (i) through (iii) above shall be determined and modified by the Clearing 
House Risk Committee as appropriate. Some contracts may be weighted more heavily than 
others in order to reflect the greater risk associated with those contracts. The average 
aggregate risk performance bond requirement, the total number of contracts executed, the 
gross notional amount of open interest cleared and each clearing member's proportionate 
share of each will be calculated by the Clearing House, and a report setting forth such 
information and the clearing member's required Base Guaranty Fund deposit will be given to 
the clearing member each month, and the Clearing House may provide such reports on an 
interim basis at any time during the month as the Clearing House staff shall determine. If at 
any time, such report indicates that the clearing member's current Base Guaranty Fund deposit 
with the Clearing House is smaller than the amount required, the clearing member shall 
increase its amount within two business days. If such report indicates that the clearing 
member's current Base Guaranty Fund deposit with the Exchange is larger than the amount 
required, the clearing member may withdraw the excess amount. If, prior to the issuance of the 
monthly report, the Clearing House determines that an increase in the Base Guaranty Fund 
deposit is necessary to protect the financial integrity of the Clearing House, the clearing 
member, upon demand of the Clearing House, shall increase its Base Guaranty Fund deposit 
amount within two business days. In the event that an interim report is issued within five 
business days prior to the regularly scheduled monthly report, the Clearing House may opt to 
forego the issuance of an additional month-end report, provided that the amount of resources 
required has not changed substantially during this period.  
A clearing member's Base Guaranty Fund deposit may be in a form as set forth in the Manual. 
Such Base Guaranty Fund deposit forms and amounts shall be subject to the terms and 
conditions as approved by Exchange staff.  
817. 
LIQUIDITY FACILITY 
The Exchange may enter into liquidity facilities (each a “Liquidity Facility”) to convert collateral 
to cash in any case where the Clearing House can use the collateral, pursuant to Chapters 8, 
8F, 8G, and 9 of the Rules of the Exchange, and use the cash proceeds to meet an obligation 
to the Clearing House. 
If a clearing member of CME, CBOT, NYMEX, COMEX or OTC Clearing Member (a) is unable 
to promptly discharge any obligation to the Clearing House or (b) is suspended or becomes 
subject to any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency, moratorium, liquidation or 
other similar proceedings under U.S. federal  or  state bankruptcy laws or other applicable law, 
collateral deposited by the clearing member in satisfaction of its performance bond and 
guaranty fund requirements may be used to obtain liquidity to satisfy the clearing member's 
obligations to the Clearing House as follows:  (1)  performance  bond  collateral  relating  to  a  
clearing  member’s proprietary account may be used to obtain liquidity to meet obligations 
relating to the clearing member’s proprietary account, customer segregated account, secured 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 24 of 38 
 
account or cleared swaps customer account; (2) performance bond collateral relating to a 
clearing member’s customer segregated account may only be used to obtain liquidity with 
respect to obligations of such account; (3) performance bond collateral relating to a clearing 
members secured account may only be used to obtain liquidity with respect to obligations of 
such account; (4) performance bond deposits relating to a clearing member’s cleared swaps 
customer account may only be used to obtain liquidity with respect to such account; and (5) 
guaranty fund collateral may be used in the order prescribed by Rules 802.B, and 8G802.B. 
In any case where the Rules of the Exchange permit the Clearing House to use guaranty fund 
collateral deposited by clearing members who have not failed to meet an obligation to the 
Clearing House, the Clearing House may convert collateral held in that Guaranty Fund to cash 
by means of a Liquidity Facility. 
By delivering assets to the Exchange in satisfaction of guaranty fund deposit and performance 
bond requirements, each clearing member is hereby deemed: (i) to agree that its assets (or its 
customers’ assets, as provided above) may be transferred by the Exchange to obtain liquidity 
from the Exchange's liquidity lenders and that its assets may become subject to a lien in favor of 
the Exchange's liquidity lenders or otherwise guarantee the Exchange's obligations and; (ii) to 
authorize the Exchange, and appoint the Exchange (such appointment being coupled) with an 
interest as such clearing member's attorney-in-fact, to enter into agreements on its behalf in 
connection with its assets (or its customers’ assets, as  provided above) being transferred to the 
Exchange's liquidity lenders: and (iii) to acknowledge that the obligations of the Exchange to  
the Exchange’s liquidity  lenders  may  be  greater,  and  extend  for  periods  of  time  longer,  
than  the obligations, if any, of such clearing member to the Exchange. 
The Exchange, as each clearing member's attorney-in-fact, will have authority to enter into 
agreements on behalf of each clearing member and in each clearing member's name for the 
purpose of causing the clearing member's assets (or its customers’ assets, as provided above) 
to be transferred to the Exchange's liquidity lenders. Any agreement entered into by the 
Exchange on behalf of clearing members pursuant to this Rule 817 shall bind each clearing 
member and will contain provisions, including representations, warranties and covenants, 
required by lenders under any liquidity facility. 
If there is a default under any such liquidity facility, the assets of clearing members transferred 
to the Exchange’s liquidity lenders may be foreclosed upon by such lenders and applied against 
the obligations of the Exchange under the related liquidity facility. Clearing members shall take 
no action, including but not limited to attempting to obtain a court order, that would interfere with 
the ability of such liquidity lenders to receive the benefit of their contractual remedies in 
connection with any such foreclosure or that would controvert or assert the invalidity of any 
provision of these rules. Each clearing member agrees to sign any document or agreement 
requested by the Exchange to further document the power of attorney set forth and established 
by these rules. 
The foregoing provisions shall apply without regard to whether a clearing member has been 
declared to be in default under the Rules. 
818. 
CLOSE-OUT NETTINGF 
818.A. 
Bankruptcy of the Exchange 
If at any time the Exchange: (i) institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a 
judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency 
law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding up or 
liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition presented against it, such 
proceeding or petition results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order 
for relief or the making of an order for the Exchange’s winding-up or liquidation, or (ii) approves 
resolutions authorizing any proceeding or petition described in clause (i) above (collectively, a 
“Bankruptcy Event”), all open positions in the Clearing House shall be closed promptly.   
818.B. 
Default of the Exchange 
If at any time the Exchange fails to comply with an undisputed obligation to pay money or 
deliver property to a Clearing Member that is due and owing in connection with a transaction 
on the Exchange or cleared by the Exchange, for a period of five Business Days from the date 
that the Exchange receives notice from the Clearing Member of the past due obligation, the 
Clearing Member’s open proprietary and customer (including, for this rule, CFTC Regulation 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 25 of 38 
 
Section 30.7 customers and cleared swaps customers) positions at the Clearing House shall, 
at the election of that Clearing Member, be closed promptly. For the avoidance of doubt, any 
modification to any Base Contract under Rule 802.B.7. or any IRS Contract under 8G802.B.3. 
shall not be considered a failure by the Exchange to comply with an obligation to pay money or 
deliver property. 
818.C. 
Netting and Offset 
1.  At such time as a Clearing Member's positions are closed:  
(i) the obligations of the Clearing House to such Clearing Member in respect of the Clearing 
Member's proprietary positions, accounts, collateral and guaranty fund deposits shall be netted 
against the obligations of such Clearing Member to the Clearing House and to the Exchange in 
respect of its proprietary positions, accounts, collateral, guarantees of the performance of its 
customers and any obligations to guarantee funds without respect to product category 
("Proprietary Netting");  
(ii) the obligations of the Clearing House to the Clearing Member in respect of such Clearing 
Member's customers' futures positions, including foreign futures positions carried in the futures 
account class, futures accounts, and futures collateral shall be netted against the obligations of 
the Clearing Member to the Clearing House in respect of the futures positions, futures 
accounts and futures collateral of such customers ("Futures Customer Netting"); and  
(iii) the obligations of the Clearing House to the Clearing Member in respect of such Clearing 
Member's individual customers' swap positions, swap accounts, and swap collateral shall be 
netted against the obligations of the Clearing Member to the Clearing House in respect of the 
swap positions, swap accounts and swap collateral of each individual customer, on an 
individual customer by customer basis ("Swap Customer Netting"); and  
(iv) the obligations of the Clearing House to the Clearing Member in respect of such Clearing 
Member's customers' foreign futures positions carried in the foreign futures account class, 
foreign futures accounts, and foreign futures collateral shall be netted against the obligations of 
the Clearing Member to the Clearing House in respect of the futures positions, futures 
accounts and futures collateral of such customers ("30.7 Futures Customer Netting"). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the amount of any proprietary or customer claim extinguished 
as a result of the application of the terminating and netting procedures set forth in either Rule 
802.B. (with respect to Base Products) or Rule 8G802.B (with respect to IRS Products), shall 
not be available for netting in Proprietary Netting, Futures Customer Netting, Swap Customer 
Netting or 30.7 Futures Customer Netting, as applicable.  Proprietary Netting, Futures 
Customer Netting, Swap Customer Netting and 30.7 Futures Customer Netting shall be 
performed in accordance with the Bankruptcy Code, the Commodity Exchange Act and the 
regulations promulgated thereunder. Rule 818 shall be deemed to be (i) a master netting 
agreement for Proprietary Netting; (ii) a master netting agreement for Futures Customer 
Netting, (iii) a master netting agreement for Swap Customer Netting, and (iv) a master netting 
agreement for 30.7 Futures Customer Netting. 
2.  After a Bankruptcy Event takes place, the authority of the Clearing House, pursuant to 
Rule 802, to make new assessments and/or require a Clearing Member to cure a deficiency in 
its guaranty fund deposit arising after the Bankruptcy Event, shall terminate.  
3.  All positions open immediately before being closed in accordance with this Rule shall be 
valued in accordance with the procedures of Paragraph D of this Rule. 
818.D. 
Valuation 
As promptly as reasonably practicable, but in any event within thirty days of the: (i) Bankruptcy 
Event, or (ii) if a Clearing Member elects to have its open positions closed in a default as 
described in Paragraph B of this Rule, the date of the election, the Exchange shall, in a 
manner that is consistent with the requirements of the Commodity Exchange Act and the 
regulations adopted thereunder (including, without limitation) Part 190 of the Regulations,  fix a 
U.S. dollar amount (the “Close-out Value”) to be paid to or received from the Exchange by 
each Clearing Member, after taking into account all applicable netting and offsetting pursuant 
to paragraph C of this Rule.   
The Exchange shall value open positions subject to close-out by using the market prices for 
the relevant market (including without limitation, any over the counter markets) at the moment 
that the positions were closed-out, assuming the relevant markets were operating normally at 
such moment.  If the relevant markets were not operating normally at such moment, the 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 26 of 38 
 
Exchange shall exercise its discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, in adopting methods of valuation to produce reasonably accurate substitutes for the 
values that would have been obtained from the relevant market if it had been operating 
normally at the moment that the positions were closed-out. 
If a default of a Base Clearing Member or IRS Clearing Member has also occurred, if a 
settlement cycle was conducted pursuant to Rules 802.B. and 8G802.B. as applicable, and the 
Clearing House has not fully liquidated (or ported) all of the clearing member’s proprietary and 
customer positions, the Exchange shall value open positions subject to close-out by using the 
prices that were determined pursuant to the final settlement cycle that was conducted pursuant 
to Rules 802.B. and 8G802.B., as appropriate. 
In determining a Close-out Value, the Exchange may consider any information that it deems 
relevant.  Amounts stated in a currency other than U.S. Dollars shall be converted to U.S. 
Dollars at the current rate of exchange, as determined by the Exchange.  If a Clearing Member 
has a negative Close-out Value it shall promptly pay that amount to the Exchange.  
818.E. 
Interpretation in Relation to FDICIA 
The Exchange intends that certain provisions of this Section be interpreted in relation to certain 
terms (identified by quotation marks) that are defined in the Federal Deposit Insurance 
Exchange Improvement Act of 1991 (“FDICIA”), as amended, as follows: 
1.  
The Exchange is a “clearing organization.” 
 2. 
An obligation of a Clearing Member to make a payment to the Exchange, or of the 
Exchange to make a payment to a Clearing Member, subject to a netting agreement, is a 
“covered clearing obligation” and a “covered contractual payment obligation.” 
3. 
An entitlement of a Clearing Member to receive a payment from the Exchange, or of the 
Exchange to receive a payment from a Clearing Member, subject to a netting contract, is a 
“covered contractual payment entitlement.” 
4. 
The Exchange is a “member,” and each Clearing Member is a “member.” 
5. 
The amount by which the covered contractual payment entitlements of a Clearing 
Member or the Exchange exceed the covered contractual payment obligations of such 
Clearing Member or the Exchange after netting under a netting contract is its “net entitlement.” 
6. 
The amount by which the covered contractual payment obligations of a Clearing Member 
or the Exchange exceed the covered contractual payment entitlements of such Clearing 
Member or the Exchange after netting under a netting contract is its “net obligation.” 
The By-Laws and Rules of the Exchange, including this Section, are a “netting contract.” 
2B819. 
LIEN ON COLLATERAL 
Each Clearing Member hereby grants to the Clearing House to secure obligations of such 
Clearing Member to the Clearing House a first priority and unencumbered security interest and 
lien against any property, cash, securities or collateral deposited with, transferred or pledged 
to, or otherwise where control is given to the Clearing House by such Clearing Member.  
Clearing Members shall take any action that may be required by the Clearing House to create, 
preserve, perfect, validate or enforce any such security interest. 
23B820. 
PERFORMANCE BONDS  
Performance bond requirements will be as determined by Clearing House staff from time to 
time.  Clearing Members must post performance bond to the Clearing House on a gross basis 
for each of its omnibus customer accounts. 
Subject to the terms and conditions as approved by Clearing House staff, the Clearing House 
will accept as performance bond, cash, equity securities, shares of mutual funds, United States 
Treasury and agency Securities, Letters of Credit, shares in CME's Interest Earning Facility 2 
Program, permitted investments allowable under CFTC Regulation 1.25, “readily marketable 
securities” as defined by Securities and Exchange Commission Rules, as applicable, gold 
warrants that are registered as deliverable for gold futures contracts traded on Commodity 
Exchange, Inc., and “London Good Delivery” gold, as defined by the London Bullion Market 
Association (as used in this Rule 820, such assets and any proceeds thereof are collectively 
referred to as “Assets”), all of which must be and remain unencumbered.  The Clearing House 
may include other forms of collateral within the definition of “Assets” upon the approval of the 
Clearing House Risk Committee and notice to clearing members. 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 27 of 38 
 
All performance bond collateral, as herein described, shall be placed to the credit of the 
member paying the same for its customers' trades or its own (so-called "house") trades as 
designated by the clearing member.  The Clearing House shall value performance bond 
collateral as it deems appropriate.  The clearing member shall transfer the performance bond 
collateral to the Clearing House or to an approved depository for safekeeping in a Clearing 
House account and the Clearing House shall retain control over such performance bond 
collateral.  Neither the Exchange nor the Clearing House shall have any obligation or 
responsibility to preserve, protect, collect or realize upon, and under no circumstances shall 
the Exchange or Clearing House be liable for, any loss or diminution in value or depreciation in 
the performance bond collateral maintained pursuant to this rule.  A clearing member who 
maintains performance bond collateral for its benefit pursuant to this rule shall hold the 
Exchange and Clearing House harmless from all liability, losses and damages which may 
result from or arise with respect to the care and sale of such performance bond collateral.  All 
initial and additional performance bonds shall be retained by the Clearing House in whole or in 
part, as Clearing House staff may deem necessary, until the trades for which such 
performance bond collateral has been deposited, have been offset, cash settled, delivered or 
otherwise closed out as determined by Clearing House staff.  
Each clearing member shall reimburse the Clearing House for all fees, expenses, charges and 
costs assessed by a depository against the Clearing House with respect to all performance 
bond collateral maintained in its account, and shall make deposits as may be required by the 
Clearing House by reason of any depreciation in the market value of such performance bond 
collateral.  If a clearing member defaults to the Clearing House with respect to performance 
bonds, the performance bond collateral maintained in its account pursuant to this rule shall be 
taken over by the Clearing House and sold without notice and the proceeds of the performance 
bond collateral deposited for customers' trades shall be applied against the performance bond 
requirements for the clearing members' customers' accounts, and the proceeds of 
performance bond collateral deposited for the house trades shall be applied against the 
requirements for the clearing member's own (so-called "house") account. 
24B821. 
EXCESS PERFORMANCE BOND OF CLEARED SWAPS CUSTOMERS 
 
Pursuant to CFTC Regulation 22.13(c), the Clearing House will permit a Clearing Member to 
transmit performance bond of its cleared swaps customers in excess of the amount required 
by the Clearing House for such cleared swaps customers positions. Each Clearing Member 
transmitting such excess shall identify each Business Day, for each cleared swaps customer, 
the value of performance bond posted in excess of the amount required for such cleared 
swaps customer. 
822. 
LIQUIDITY RISK MANAGEMENT 
In order to satisfy CFTC Regulations and prudential liquidity standards, the Clearing House is 
establishing the following rules:  
822.A.  
Liquidity Rules  
In the event the Clearing House needs liquidity for non-cash collateral of a clearing member or 
its customers for same day settlement, the Clearing House will first attempt to obtain liquidity 
for such collateral through asset sale, any uncommitted funding arrangements, its committed 
lines of credit and any committed repurchase agreements. In the event the Clearing House is 
unable to obtain same day settlement through such means, the Clearing House may declare 
the occurrence of a Liquidity Event and in its sole discretion may take the following actions in 
the following order to secure same day liquidity for such assets as follows:  
1.  Substitution of Guaranty Fund Cash 
a. 
The Clearing House may substitute any cash deposited by clearing members in a 
guaranty fund with U.S. Treasuries deposited as performance bond or guaranty fund by a 
clearing member that is the subject of such Liquidity Event. The amount of cash substituted 
hereunder shall be equal to the haircutted market value (determined by the Clearing House 
as of the prior day’s close of business utilizing a recognized third party pricing source) of the 
U.S. Treasuries that are substituted for such cash. Any assets transferred by this rule 
shall be applied as guaranty fund deposit(s) of any such clearing member whose cash was 
substituted and will be allocated pro rata among any clearing members with cash deposits. 
The substitution of U.S. Treasuries for the clearing member’s guaranty fund deposit(s) will be 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 28 of 38 
 
limited to the size of the clearing member’s guaranty fund deposit(s) at the time of the Liquidity 
Event. For any substitution of U.S. Treasuries for cash in a guaranty fund, the impacted 
clearing member may, within 24 hours of substitution, request that the Clearing House 
replace the cash for the substituted U.S. Treasuries, to the extent still on deposit, within 29 
days of the date of substitution. Any clearing member requesting cash replacement will 
receive the exact value in cash received by the Clearing House upon liquidation the U.S. 
Treasuries.  
b.  The Clearing House may direct any clearing member that is a U.S. Government 
Securities Broker-Dealer or has a U.S. Government Securities Broker-Dealer affiliate to 
substitute its non-cash guaranty fund assets with cash within 60 minutes from the time of 
notification. Such directions will be made during the hours in which the Federal Reserve’s 
securities wire transfer system is in operation, provided, however that is such directions are 
given within 60 minutes prior to the close of the Federal Reserve’s securities wire, the 
substitution required hereunder shall be made within 60 minutes after the Federal 
Reserve’s securities wire next opens. To the extent that a clearing member(s) fails to provide 
cash within the deadlines specified above, the Clearing House may debit cash from that 
clearing member’s settlement bank account in the amount of the clearing member’s non-cash 
guaranty fund assets. 
2.  U.S. Treasury Sale to Meet Clearing House Settlement Variation Obligations  
The Clearing House may offset its US dollar settlement variation obligations to any clearing 
member that is a U.S. Government Securities Broker-Dealer or has a U.S. Government 
Securities Broker-Dealer affiliate, up to the amount of that clearing member’s guaranty fund 
contribution(s), by selling U.S. Treasuries valued based on the prior day’s closing prices with 
prevailing CME haircuts applied in exchange for US dollar cash from the clearing member.  
The US dollar cash received by CME from the clearing member shall be in the form of the 
variation margin obligation owed by CME and CME shall deliver the purchased U.S. Treasury 
securities to the U.S. Government Securities Broker-Dealer.  
822.B. 
Transfer or Disbursement of Collateral as Compensation for Portfolio 
 
Auction, Sale or Transfer with Notice in Advance  
To the extent permitted by the terms of any auction, sale or transfer of a defaulted or 
suspended clearing member’s or customer portfolio for which a payment is owed by the 
Clearing House to an auction winner, purchaser or transferee, in lieu of satisfying such 
payment with cash, the Clearing House may satisfy any payment owed to such persons by 
transferring Federal Reserve discount window eligible securities with a market value 
(determined by the Clearing House as of the prior day’s close of business utilizing a 
recognized third party pricing source) equal to the amount of such obligation.  
823. 
[RESERVED] 
25B824. 
ADDITIONAL PERFORMANCE BOND 
26BWhenever, in the opinion of the Clearing House Risk Committee, the President of Global 
Operations, Technology & Risk or the Global Head of Clearing & Post-Trade Services or, in his 
absence, his delegate, unstable conditions relating to one or more products exist, they may 
from time to time, call for additional performance bond collateral from clearing members.  Such 
additional performance bond calls may be as much as or more than the original performance 
bond collateral.  The performance bond collateral thus called for may be for one or more 
contract(s) from one or more clearing member(s) and on long positions, short positions or both. 
In the event market conditions and price fluctuations at any time shall cause the Clearing 
House Risk Committee, the President of Global Operations, Technology & Risk or the Global 
Head of Clearing & Post-Trade Services or, in his absence, his delegate, to conclude that 
additional performance bond collateral is required to maintain an orderly market in contracts 
traded on the exchange or to preserve fiscal integrity the Clearing House Risk Committee, the 
President of Global Operations, Technology & Risk or the Global Head of Clearing & Post-
Trade Services or his delegate may call for additional performance bond collateral to be 
deposited with the Clearing House during the next banking hour after demand therefor, or at 
such times as may be specified.  Such additional performance bond collateral may be called 
from the longs or the shorts or from both. 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 29 of 38 
 
 
When the Clearing House Risk Committee, the President of Global Operations, Technology & 
Risk or the Global Head of Clearing & Post-Trade Services or, in his absence, his delegate, 
shall be of the opinion that any clearing member is carrying commitments or incurring risk in its 
proprietary, customer and/or cross-margin accounts, that are larger than is justified by the 
financial condition of that clearing member, then the Clearing House Risk Committee, the 
President of Global Operations, Technology & Risk or the Global Head of Clearing & Post-
Trade Services or, in his absence, his delegate, may require additional performance bond 
collateral of such clearing member which shall be deposited with the Clearing House during 
the next banking hour after demand therefor, or at such time as may be specified, or a portion 
of the open positions of said clearing member may be required to be transferred to the books 
of another clearing member. 
825.  
SEGREGATION OF PERFORMANCE BOND 
 
The performance bond assets resulting from any rehypothecation, investment, pledge or 
disposition of the original performance bond assets deposited by a clearing member that is not 
a defaulting or suspended clearing member, to the extent the Exchange is not required to 
transfer or pay out to third parties such resulting performance bond assets to meet the 
Exchange’s obligations with respect to the clearing member pursuant to the Rules, shall be 
held by the Exchange in the same manner in which the Exchange holds performance bond 
assets of the same form as the resulting performance bond assets. 
826. 
PROPRIETARY ACCOUNT MINIMUM LIQUIDATION PERIOD 
(a) With respect to clearing member proprietary positions, the Clearing House shall ensure 
performance bond requirements are calculated and collected using a liquidation period of not 
less than two (2) days calculated on a net basis.  
 
(b) Paragraph (a) of this Rule does not apply to positions in (i) agricultural commodity 
derivatives contracts that meet the exclusion criteria established in Article 2 of the European 
Commission’s equivalence determination dated February 24, 2016; or (ii) cleared-only OTC 
products accepted for clearing by the Clearing House.  
27B827. 
SECURITIES LENDING PROGRAM 
United States Treasury Bills, Treasury Notes, Treasury Bonds, Treasury Bond Principal Strips, 
Agency Securities, and other financial instruments approved by Exchange staff, (collectively, 
"Securities") that are deposited with the Clearing House by clearing members in satisfaction of 
Guaranty Fund requirements or as performance bond for their own (i.e., "house") trades may 
be loaned out by the Exchange pursuant to the Securities Lending Program. Clearing 
members depositing Securities with the Exchange in satisfaction of guaranty fund 
requirements or as performance bond for house trades that are loaned out pursuant to the 
Securities Lending Program are deemed to agree that the lending of Securities under 
arrangements having safeguards consistent with generally accepted market practices will 
constitute reasonable care of the Securities in the possession of the Exchange or its securities 
lending custodian. 
28B828. 
BASE FINANCIAL RESOURCES 
 
The Clearing House shall maintain funded financial resources sufficient to enable the Clearing 
House to meet its financial obligations to CME, CBOT, NYMEX and COMEX clearing members 
notwithstanding a default by the two clearing members creating the largest combined loss to 
the Clearing House in extreme but plausible market conditions. If a clearing member controls 
another clearing member or is under common control with another clearing member, the 
affiliated clearing members shall be deemed to be a single clearing member for financial 
resources calculations under this rule. 
 
829. 
MEASURES TO MITIGATE PROCYCLICALITY 
(a) With respect to exchange traded derivatives contracts it clears, the Clearing House shall 
establish performance bond requirements designed to limit the likelihood of procyclical 
changes in performance bond requirements and mitigate costly and disruptive adjustments to 
performance bond requirements in periods of high market volatility. The Clearing House shall 
maintain specific risk management procedures ensuring that performance bond is calculated 
and collected on a basis that includes measures designed to limit procyclicality that are 
equivalent to at least one of the options listed in Article 28 (Procyclicality) of Delegated 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 30 of 38 
 
Regulation (EU) No. 153/2013. Such anti-procyclicality measures shall include tools such as 
extended lookback periods, seasonal volatility metrics, volatility floors, stress volatility metrics 
and implied volatility.  
The Clearing House shall regularly review the measures it utilizes to address procyclicality to 
ensure they are appropriate in light of market conditions.  
Further, the Clearing House’s anti-procyclicality measures shall be designed to ensure that its 
policy for setting performance bond requirements delivers forward looking, stable, 
conservative, and prudent performance bond requirements that limit procyclicality to the extent 
that the soundness and financial security of the CCP is not negatively affected. 
(b) Paragraph (a) does not apply to positions in agricultural commodity derivatives contracts 
that meet the exclusion criteria established in the Article 2 of the European Commission’s 
equivalence determination dated February 24, 2016. 
830. 
CROSS-MARGINING 
43B830.A. 
Definitions 
1. 
Cross-Margining Affiliate:  An affiliate of a Participating Clearing Member with which such 
clearing member is cross-margining its positions at the Clearing House and a Cross-Margining 
Clearing Organization. 
2. 
Participating Clearing Member:  A clearing member that is cross-margining its positions at 
the Clearing House with its own or a Cross-Margining Affiliate's positions at a Cross- Margining 
Clearing Organization. 
3. 
Cross-Margining Clearing Organization:  A clearing organization that has entered into a 
Cross-Margining Agreement with the Exchange. 
4. 
Joint Cross-Margining Program:  A cross-margining program in which the Exchange and 
one or more Cross-Margining Clearing Organizations each hold a joint security interest in 
positions, margin and other property of Participating Clearing Members and, if applicable, their 
Cross-Margining Affiliates. 
5. 
Guaranteed Cross-Margining Program:  A cross-margining program in which a guaranty is 
provided by and between the Exchange and one or more Cross-Margining Clearing 
Organizations and each entity holds an individual security interest in positions, margin and 
other property of Participating Clearing Members and, if applicable, their Cross-Margining 
Affiliate.  
4B830.B. 
Cross–Margining Programs 
1. 
The Exchange may establish cross-margining programs as approved by the Clearing 
House Risk Committee and the Board.  A clearing member may become a Participating 
Clearing Member to participate in a Joint Cross-Margining Program by establishing with the 
Clearing House one or more cross-margin accounts for cross-margining positions with either 
its own positions or those of a cross-margining affiliate at a Cross-Margining Clearing 
Organization.  In order to establish a cross-margin account, a clearing member shall enter into 
the agreements required by the Exchange, including a Cross-Margined Account Agreement 
and Security Agreement with the Exchange, the Cross-Margining Clearing Organization, and, if 
applicable, the member's Cross-Margining Affiliate.  That Agreement shall provide, among 
other things, that the Exchange and the Cross-Margining Clearing Organization shall jointly 
have a first lien on and security interest in all positions held in the cross-margin account, all 
related performance bond, and all proceeds of the foregoing, as security for the obligations of 
the clearing member and, if applicable, its Cross-Margining Affiliate, to the Exchange and the 
Cross-Margining Clearing Organization.  Failure to comply with the terms of such Agreements 
may constitute an act detrimental to the interest or welfare of the Exchange. 
2. 
A clearing member may become a Participating Clearing Member in a Guaranteed Cross-
Margining Program by entering into a Cross-Margining Participant Agreement with the 
Exchange, the Cross-Margining Clearing Organization, and, if applicable, the clearing 
member's Cross-Margining Affiliate.  That Agreement shall provide, among other things, that a 
Participating Clearing Member shall immediately be obligated to reimburse the Exchange 
("Reimbursement Obligation") in the event the Participating Clearing Member or its Cross-
Margining Affiliate defaults in the payment of any obligation to a Cross-Margining Clearing 
Organization and the Exchange is required to make a guaranty payment to such Cross-
Margining Clearing Organization.  In addition, the Agreement shall provide that the Exchange 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 31 of 38 
 
shall have a first lien and security interest in all positions held, all related performance bond, 
and all proceeds of the foregoing, as security for the obligations of the clearing member and, if 
applicable, its Cross-Margining Affiliate, to the Exchange.  Failure to comply with the terms of 
such Agreement may constitute an act detrimental to the interest or welfare of the Exchange. 
The provisions of this HRule 830H and the corresponding sections of the Clearing House Manual 
shall apply to all CME–cleared positions held pursuant to a cross–margining program and shall 
supersede all other provisions of the Rules to the extent inconsistent therewith.  In addition, the 
Exchange shall determine what positions will be eligible for cross-margining.  
830.C. 
[Reserved] 
830.D. 
Performance Bonds for Cross–Margining Program 
Performance bond requirements for a Joint and Guaranteed Cross–Margining Program shall 
be determined as set forth in the Cross-Margining Agreement, and that Agreement shall also 
govern what forms of performance bond will be permitted and how such performance bond will 
be held. 
47B830.E. 
Close–Out of Cross–Margin Positions 
A Participating Clearing Member may be suspended if it or its Cross-Margining Affiliate, if any, 
is in default in payment of any obligation, including a Reimbursement Obligation, with respect 
to a Joint or Guaranteed Cross–Margining Program. 
The cross-margin account of a clearing member participating in a Joint Cross–Margining 
Program may be liquidated by the Clearing House at the request of a Cross-Margining 
Clearing Organization whether or not the Exchange suspends, or is permitted under the Rules 
to suspend, such clearing member.  Upon the suspension of a Participating Clearing Member, 
or upon receiving notice from a Cross-Margining Clearing Organization of its suspension of a 
Participating Clearing Member or its Cross-Margining Affiliate, the Clearing House shall have 
the right to liquidate the positions in the cross-margin account, convert to cash the 
performance bond therefor, and dispose of the proceeds thereof, all in accordance with the 
terms of the Cross-Margining Agreement. 
The positions of a clearing member participating in a Guaranteed Cross-Margining Program 
may be liquidated by the Clearing House in the event that the Participating Clearing Member or 
its Cross-Margining Affiliate defaults in the payment of any obligation to the Clearing House or 
a Cross-Margining Clearing Organization.  Upon the suspension of a Participating Clearing 
Member, or upon receiving notice from a Cross-Margining Clearing Organization of its 
suspension of a Participating Clearing Member or its Cross-Margining Affiliate, the Clearing 
House may liquidate:  the positions of the Participating Clearing Member; all related 
performance bond; and all proceeds of the foregoing.  The Exchange may then apply all such 
liquidated proceeds to satisfy the Participating Clearing Member's obligations to the Exchange, 
all in accordance with the terms of the Cross-Margining Agreement. 
30B831. 
COMMINGLING OF ELIGIBLE BASE FUTURES AND SWAPS POSITIONS 
The Clearing House may identify non-swap Base Guaranty Fund Products that may be 
commingled with positions in swap Base Guaranty Fund Products in order to provide risk 
offsets for customer positions if and only if the price risks with respect to such products are 
significantly and reliably correlated (such products, “Base Eligible Products”). The price risks of 
different positions will only be considered to be significantly and reliably correlated if there is a 
theoretical basis for the correlation in addition to an exhibited statistical correlation. Upon such 
identification, Base Clearing Members may elect that a customer’s positions in Base Eligible 
Products be commingled in a cleared swaps account. If the Clearing House determines at any 
time that any Base Eligible Products are non-risk reducing when commingled, the Clearing 
House may either restrict the commingling of additional Base Eligible Product positions or 
require moving or liquidating such positions. 
 
List of eligible swaps: 
View table here (XLS) 
832. 
FOREIGN CURRENCY MARKET DISRUPTION 
In the event a Foreign Currency Market Disruption impacts the ability of the Clearing House 
and its Clearing Members to meet settlement variation or final settlement obligations in any 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 32 of 38 
 
non-U.S. dollar currency for any product cleared by the Clearing House (each, an “Impacted 
Currency”), the Clearing House and its Clearing Members may transact settlement obligations 
for each Impacted Currency in U.S. dollars.   
The requirement to settle an Impacted Currency obligation in U.S. dollars shall be effective 
upon notice from the Clearing House. Completion of settlement for an Impacted Currency 
under the rules of this Chapter will fully discharge each of the Clearing Member’s and Clearing 
House’s settlement obligations for that Impacted Currency and settlement cycle. The U.S. 
dollar rate of exchange shall be based on exchange rates as determined by the Clearing 
House with reference to exchange rates in the relevant market. The Clearing House will 
publish the applicable exchange rate on CME Group’s website.   
A Foreign Currency Market Disruption exists when (i) events not within the Clearing House’s 
control make it illegal or impossible to transact in a foreign currency, (ii) authoritative action 
such as the adoption of capital controls, asset freezes, imposition of sanctions, nationalization 
or any other similar action by any governmental entity impedes or is likely to impede the 
Clearing House’s ability to effect settlement transactions in any foreign currency, or (iii) any 
event with similar effect to the foregoing occurs.  
Nothing in this Rule 832 shall in any way limit the authority of the Board, other committees, or 
other appropriate officials to act in an emergency situation as defined by these Rules. 
833.-849. 
[RESERVED] 
1BMISCELLANEOUS 
31B850. 
FEES 
Exchange fees and/or any transaction surcharges shall be assessed against a clearing 
member for each side of a transaction traded on, cleared by or processed through the 
Exchange or the Clearing House as the Board or Exchange staff, as appropriate, may from 
time to time prescribe.  Detailed information concerning these fees is set forth in the Exchange 
Fee Schedule and applicable Fee Policy Bulletins available on the CME Group website. 
851. 
[RESERVED] 
3B852. 
SURCHARGES FOR ERRORS, DELAYS AND OMISSIONS 
Exchange staff may establish, and from time to time revise, schedules of surcharges to be 
imposed upon clearing members for errors, delays and omissions with respect to trade data 
and certain other information required to be provided to the Clearing House. These surcharges 
are to be collected by the Clearing House and are in addition to any disciplinary sanctions that 
may be imposed by Market Regulation, the BCC or CHRC for the violation of Exchange rules.  
34B853. 
TRANSFERS OF TRADES AND CUSTOMER ACCOUNTS 
853.A.  
Transfers of Trades 
 
1. 
Subject to the limitations of Rule 854, existing trades may be transferred either on the 
books of a clearing member or from one clearing member to another clearing member 
provided:  
i. 
The transfer results in the transfer of a trade(s) from one account to another account with 
identical beneficial ownership; or  
ii. 
An error has been made in the clearing of a trade(s) and the error is corrected via transfer 
within three Business Days after the date on which the error occurred; or 
iii. The transfer trade is made to reconcile an error, omission or outtrade in  accordance with 
the requirements of Rule 770. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transfer may be approved by the Global Head of Clearing & 
Post-Trade Services or the Chief Compliance Officer of the Clearing House, or their respective 
designees, in circumstances where it is determined that a transfer trade is the most 
appropriate means to remedy an error that results from the good faith acts or omissions of any 
party and the clearing member(s) consent to such transfer, provided that such approval does 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 33 of 38 
 
not result in an impermissible transfer for offset pursuant to the provisions of Rule 854.B.  Any 
request for approval pursuant to this paragraph requires the clearing member(s) to fully 
document the circumstances of the error and provide that documentation to the Clearing 
House.   
2. 
Subject to the limitations of Rule 854, the Chief Regulatory Officer or his designee may, 
(and, with respect to cleared-only products, the Global Head of Clearing & Post-Trade 
Services or their designee also may), upon request by the clearing member(s), approve a 
transfer of existing trades either on the books of the same clearing member, or from the books 
of one clearing member to the books of another clearing member if the transfer is in 
connection with, or as a result of, a merger, asset purchase, consolidation or similar non-
recurring transaction between two or more entities. 
3. 
Subject to the limitations of Rule 854, the Chief Regulatory Officer or his designee may, 
(and, with respect to cleared-only products, the Global Head of Clearing & Post-Trade 
Services or their designee also may), upon request by the clearing member(s), approve a 
transfer of existing trades either on the books of a clearing member or from one clearing 
member to another member if the transfer involves a partnership, investment fund or 
commodity pool and the purpose of the transfer is to facilitate a restructuring or consolidation 
of such partnership, fund or pool, provided that i) the managing partner or pool operator 
remains the same; ii) the transfer does not result in the liquidation of open positions; and iii) the 
pro rata allocation of positions to the new account does not result in more than a de minimis 
change in the value of the interest of any party.  
4. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Chief Regulatory Officer or his designee may, (and, 
with respect to cleared-only products, the Global Head of Clearing & Post-Trade Services  or 
their designee also may), with the consent of the clearing member(s) involved, permit the 
transfer and/or offset of existing trades if, in his designee’s opinion, the situation so requires 
and such transfer is in the best interests of the Exchange, which may include, but is not limited 
to, the remedying of an error resulting from the good faith acts or omissions by a party as a 
means of avoiding a market disruption.  The foregoing does not relieve a clearing member of 
its responsibility under the Rules for circumstances leading to such transfer and/or offset, and 
the clearing member may be responsible for demonstrated claims of realized losses incurred 
by other parties as a result of such errors or omissions in accordance with the provisions of 
Chapter 6.  Additionally, notwithstanding permission for the transfer being granted by the Chief 
Regulatory Officer or his designee, parties involved in the transfer remain responsible for any 
violation of Exchange rules resulting from the transfer and may either be summarily sanctioned 
in accordance with the provisions of Rule 512 or the matter may be referred to the Chief 
Regulatory Officer for the consideration of charges.   
5. 
Provided that the transfer is permitted pursuant to Sections 1., 2., 3. or 4. above:  
 
i. 
Transactions in all physically delivered futures contracts except for FX futures 
contracts must be recorded and carried on the books of the receiving firm at the 
original trade dates, with either the original trade price, the current Business Day’s 
settlement price or the prior Business Day’s settlement price.   
 
ii. 
All other futures and futures-style option transactions may be recorded and carried at: 
 
(1) the original trade date or the date the transfer is submitted to the Clearing House, 
with either the original trade price, the current Business Day’s settlement price or 
the prior Business Day’s settlement price; or 
 
(2) the Business Day prior to the date the transfer is submitted to the Clearing 
House, with either the original trade price or the prior Business Day’s settlement 
price. 
iii.  Premium-style options transactions may be recorded and carried at the original trade 
date, the date the transfer is submitted to the Clearing House, or the Business Day 
prior to the date the transfer is submitted to the Clearing House, with either the 
original trade price, the current Business Day’s settlement price, the prior Business 
Day’s settlement price or a trade price of zero. 
Trades that have been confirmed at an average price pursuant to the provisions of Rule 
553 may alternatively be transferred at the average price. 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 34 of 38 
 
6. 
All transfers shall be reported to the Clearing House in a form acceptable to the Exchange 
for the type of transactions involved. The proper indicator must be included in the transfer such 
that the transactions, including the transaction(s) to reverse an error, clear as transfers. The 
clearing member(s) involved shall maintain a full and complete record of all transactions 
together with all pertinent memoranda. 
7. 
Any authority granted to the Global Head of Clearing & Post-Trade Services or the Chief 
Compliance Officer of the Clearing House, or their respective designees, set forth in Section A. 
will not extend to security-based swap products cleared by the Clearing House.  
853.B.  
Transfers of Customer Accounts 
Subject to the limitations of Rule 853.A, after receipt of a signed instruction from a Clearing 
Member (the “Carrying Clearing Member”) to transfer all or a portion of a customer account to 
another Clearing Member (the “Receiving Clearing Member”), and provided that such 
instruction contains the customer’s name and account number (and, if the transfer is not of the 
entire account, a description of which portion is to be transferred), and provided that the 
Receiving Clearing Member agrees to accept the account, the Exchange shall promptly 
transfer the account (or the relevant portion thereof), without requiring any close-out or 
rebooking of positions in connection with the transfer, provided that: 
1.  The transferred positions will satisfy Exchange performance bond requirements at the 
Receiving Clearing Member; and   
2.  Any remaining positions in the customer account at the Carrying Clearing Member will 
satisfy Exchange performance bond requirements. 
35B854. 
CONCURRENT LONG AND SHORT POSITIONS 
Set forth below are the procedures that must be followed for concurrent long and short 
positions and hold-open accounts. 
A. Concurrent long and short positions in the same commodity and month may be held by a 
clearing member at the direction of a customer or on behalf of an omnibus account; however it 
shall be the duty of the clearing member to ascertain whether such positions are intended for 
offset or to be held open prior to final transmission of position data to the Clearing House. 
B. Concurrent long and short positions in physically delivered contracts subject to spot month 
position limits that are held by the same owner during the time that spot month position limits 
are in effect must be offset by transactions executed in the market, by allowable privately 
negotiated transactions, or fulfilled through the normal delivery process, provided however that 
trades may be offset via netting, transfer or position adjustment to correct a bona fide clerical 
or operational error on the day the error is identified and the quantity of the offset does not 
represent more than two percent of the reported open interest in the affected futures contract 
month.   
Permissible Exceptions 
Notwithstanding the foregoing: 
1. 
Trades may be transferred for offset if the trade date of the position being transferred is 
the same as the transfer date;   
2. 
An account that becomes concurrently long and short as a result of a futures position that 
results from an option assignment will be allowed one business day to net such positions; or, 
3. 
Where the Chief Regulatory Officer or his designee determines, in their respective sole 
discretion, that permitting an offset via netting, transfer or position adjustment in excess of two 
percent of the reported open interest will not adversely impact either the affected market or any 
persons holding open positions in the affected market.     
C. Clearing members which, pursuant to this rule, carry concurrent long and short positions, 
must report to the Exchange both sides as open positions. When either side or both sides are 
reduced, the open positions as reported to the Exchange must be reduced accordingly, and, 
pursuant to Rule 806, may not subsequently be re-opened at the Exchange.  
D. The Exchange takes no position regarding the internal bookkeeping procedures of its 
clearing members which, for the convenience of a customer, may "hold open" a position only 
on their books.  However, the clearing member must accurately report to the Exchange and 
the Clearing House, as appropriate, large trader positions, long positions eligible for delivery 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 35 of 38 
 
and open interest. 
E.  Violations of this Rule may result in summary sanctions in accordance with the provisions 
of Rule 512 or the matter may be referred to the Chief Regulatory Officer for the consideration 
of charges. 
36B855. 
OFFSETTING POSITIONS FOR DIFFERENT-SIZED CONTRACTSF 1 
With the consent of the account controller, a clearing member may offset long futures positions 
against short futures positions, or short futures positions against long futures positions, held in 
the same account in the ratios set forth in the Contracts Eligible for Offset Table (“Table”) at 
the end of Chapter 8. 
With the consent of the account controller, a clearing member may offset long options on 
futures positions against short options on futures positions, or short options on futures 
positions against long options on futures positions, held in the same account in the ratios set 
forth in the Table, provided that the options to be netted have European exercise, the same 
expiration date, and the same exercise price.  
The clearing member shall notify the Clearing House of offsetting positions by submitting 
reports to the Clearing House in such form and manner as the Clearing House shall specify. 
The positions shall be offset at the previous day's settlement price for futures and at a price of 
zero for options.  
The positions being offset shall be transferred to a holding account at the Clearing House. 
Offsetting positions in the same contract and contract month held in the holding account shall 
be netted, thus reducing the number of open positions in such contract. 
36B856. 
 
NORMALIZATION OF OTC FX SPOT, FORWARD, SWAP AND OPTIONS 
TRANSACTIONS FOR CLEARING2 
For over-the-counter (OTC) foreign exchange (FX) transactions submitted for clearing and any 
non-standard specification of the transaction as defined by the price format shall be normalized 
by CME Group Clearing to standard or normal specifications by the following “normalization 
process.” 
Instrument:  Currency 1/Currency 2 (CCY1/CCY2) 
Generically, for spot and forward OTC FX transactions… 
Standard or Normal:  Buy (B)/Sell (S) CCY1 notional amount at CCY2 per CCY1 rate. 
Non-standard or Non-normal: B/S CCY2 notional amount at CCY2 per CCY1 rate. 
To normalize: 
1. 
Convert B to S, or S to B 
2. 
Convert CCY2 notional to CCY1:  CCY2 amount divided by CCY2 per CCY1 rate to obtain 
 
CCY1 amount. 
For example, for Instrument:  EUR/USD … 
Standard:  
EUR/USD- Quote USD per EUR; notional amount in EUR 
 
 
Trade comes in as SELL €15 million at 1.350000 USD per EUR →BUY 
$20,250,000 (€15 million x 1.350000 USD/EUR) 
  
 
Non-standard: EUR/USD- Notional amount in USD, but quote still in USD per EUR.   
Trade comes in as buy $20 million at 1.350000 USD per EUR →SELL 
€14,814,814.81 ($20 million / 1.350000 USD/EUR).  
To normalize the non-standard EUR/USD transaction, CME Clearing shall: 
3. 
Convert Buy to Sell, or Sell to Buy 
4. 
Convert USD notional to EUR:  USD amount divided by USD per EUR rate. 
Example:  
The trade “BUY $20 million at 1.350000 SELL €14,814,814.81 ($20/1.350000) 
at 1.350000 USD per EUR” shall be normalized and held in CME Clearing as: 
 
The trade “SELL €14,814,814.81 ($20/1.350000) at 1.350000 USD per EUR 
BUY $20 million at 1.350000.” 
 
1 Revised September 2008; March 2009; September 2010; December 2010; January 2013; December 2016; April 2019. 
2 Adopted April 2011. 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 36 of 38 
 
For swap OTC FX transactions, … 
Standard or Normal:  Leg 1  
B/S  CCY1 notional amount at CCY2t per CCY1 rate. 
 
Leg 2  
S/B  CCY1 notional amount at CCY2t + n per CCY1 rate. 
Non-standard or Non-normal:  
 
 
 
Leg 1 
B/S  CCY2 notional amount at CCY2 t per CCY1 rate. 
 
 
 
Leg 2  
S/B  CCY2 notional amount at CCY2t + n per CCY1 rate. 
To normalize: 
1. 
Convert B to S, or S to B 
2. 
Convert CCY2 notional to CCY1:  CCY2 amount divided by CCY2 per CCY1 rate to obtain 
 
CCY1 amount. 
For example, for instrument:  EUR/USD… 
 Standard: 
Leg 1 
EUR/USD- Quote USD per EUR; notional amount in EUR 
 
 
Leg 2 
EUR/USD- Quote USD per EUR; notional amount in EUR 
Trade comes in as “Leg 1 BUY €20 million at 1.305000 SELL $26,100,000 
($20 million x 1.305000) at 1.305000 USD per EUR; Leg 2 SELL €20 million at 
1.315000 USD per EUR (1.3050 + 0.0100 swap points)” 
 
 
 
Non-Standard:  Leg 1  EUR/USD- Notional amount in USD, but quote still in USD per EUR.   
 
  Leg 2  EUR/USD- Notional amount in USD, but quote still in USD per EUR.    
Trade comes in as “Leg 1 SELL $26.1 million at 1.305000 BUY €20 million 
($26.1 million / 1.305000) at 1.305000 USD per EUR; Leg 2 BUY $26.3 
million at 1.315000 USD per EUR (1.3050 + 0.0100 swap points).”  
To normalize the non-standard EUR/USD transaction, CME Clearing shall: 
3. 
Convert Buy to Sell, or Sell to Buy 
4. 
Convert USD notional to EUR:  USD amount divided by USD per EUR rate. 
Example: 
The trade “Leg 1 SELL $26.1 million at 1.305000 BUY €20 million ($26.1  
 
 
million / 1.305000) at 1.305000 USD per EUR; Leg 2 BUY $26.3 million at  
 
 
1.315000 USD per EUR (1.3050 + 0.0100 swap points)” shall be normalized and  
 
 
held in CME Clearing as: 
The trade “Leg 1 BUY €20 million at 1.305000 SELL $26,100,000 ($20 million x 
1.305000) at 1.305000 USD per EUR; Leg 2 SELL €20 million at 1.315000 USD 
per EUR (1.3050 + 0.0100 swap points)” 
For option OTC FX transactions, … 
 
Standard or Normal:  
B/S CCY1/CCY2 CALL (PUT) at STRIKE PRICE in units of 
CCY2 per CCY1 for a notional amount of CCY1 for a premium 
in CCY2 (CCY1 amount x premium price in CCY2 per CCY1, 
that is, CCY2 pips) or % of CCY1 (CCY1 premium / CCY1 
notional amount). 
 
Non-standard or Non-normal: B/S CCY1/CCY2 CALL (PUT) at STRIKE PRICE in units of 
CCY2 per CCY1 for a notional amount of CCY2 for a premium 
in CCY1 (CCY2 amount / premium price in CCY2 per CCY1, 
that is, CCY1 pips) or % of CCY2 (CCY2 premium / CCY2 
notional amount). 
To normalize: 
 
1. 
Retain B/S direction 
2. 
Convert CCY2 Put to CCY1 Call, CCY2 Call to CCY1 Put 
3. 
Convert CCY2 notional to CCY1:  CCY2 amount divided by Strike Price expressed in 
 
CCY2 per CCY1. 
4. 
Process original premium amount and currency. 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 37 of 38 
 
5. 
Take premium amount and divide by CCY1 notional to express price in CCY1 terms for 
 
reference purposes. 
For example, for Instrument:  EUR/USD … 
Standard:  
EUR/USD- Quote USD per EUR; notional amount in EUR, premium in either %  
 
 
of EUR notional (EUR premium) or USD pips (USD premium).  
Trade comes in as BUY EUR/USD PUT at 1.350000 USD per EUR for a notional 
amount of €20 million with premium of $100,000 (€20 million x option price of 
0.0050 USD per EUR, that is, USD pips) or 1.0% of €20 million (€200,000 
premium / €20 million) → SELL EUR/USD PUT at 1.350000 USD per EUR for a 
notional amount of €20 million with premium of $100,000 (€20 million x option 
price of 0.0050 USD per EUR, that is, USD pips) or 1.0% of €20 million 
(€200,000 premium / €20 million). 
  
Non-standard: EUR/USD- Notional amount in USD, but quote still in USD per EUR,   
 
premium in either % of USD notional (USD premium) or EUR pips (EUR 
 
premium).   
Trade comes in as BUY EUR/USD PUT at 1.350000 USD per EUR for a 
notional amount of $20 million with premium of €170,100 ($20 million x option 
price of 0.008505 EUR per USD, that is, EUR pips) or 1.0% of $20 million 
($200,000 premium / $20 million) → SELL EUR/USD PUT at 1.350000 USD per 
EUR for a notional amount of $20 million with premium of €170,100 ($20 million 
x option price of 0.008505 USD per EUR, that is, EUR pips) or 1.0% of $20 
million ($200,000 premium / $20 million).   
To normalize the non-standard EUR/USD transaction, CME Clearing shall: 
6. 
Retain B/S direction 
7. 
Convert USD Put to EUR Call, USD Call to EUR Put 
8. 
Convert USD notional to EUR:  USD amount divided by Strike Price expressed in USD per 
 
EUR. 
9. 
Process original premium amount and currency. 
a. 
Take premium amount and divide by EUR notional to express price in EUR terms for 
reference purposes. 
 
Example:  
Trade comes in as BUY EUR/USD PUT at 1.350000 USD per EUR for a notional 
amount of $20 million with premium of €170,100 ($20 million x option price of 
0.008505 EUR per USD, that is, EUR pips) or 1.0% of $20 million ($200,000 
premium / $20 million) → SELL EUR/USD PUT at 1.350000 USD per EUR for a 
notional amount of $20 million with premium of €170,100 ($20 million x option 
price of 0.008505 USD per EUR, that is, EUR pips) or 1.0% of $20 million 
($200,000 premium / $20 million) shall be normalized and held in CME Clearing 
as: 
BUY EUR/USD CALL at 1.350000 USD per EUR for a notional amount of 
€14,814,814.81 ($20 million/1.350000 USD per EUR) with a premium of 
€170,100 ($20 million x option price of 0.008505 EUR per USD, that is, EUR 
pips) or 1.148% of €14,814,814.81 (€170,100 / €14,814,814.81). 
 
857.  
POST-TRADE MULTILATERAL COMPRESSION  
The Clearing House may from time to time and in its absolute and sole discretion provide a 
multilateral compression service under which eligible Exchange futures and options contracts 
cleared through the Clearing House may be offset (closed-out) and, where relevant, replaced with 
new Exchange futures and options contracts cleared through the Clearing House.  
With the consent of the account controller, a Clearing Member, account controller or person duly 
authorized by the Clearing Member or account controller may submit a list of positions in eligible 
contracts which remain open at the Clearing House pursuant to Rule 805 and that the account 
controller wishes to offset (close-out) and replace with new contracts via the multilateral 
compression service in accordance with this Rule.  


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 38 of 38 
 
The specific products and contract months eligible for inclusion in the multilateral compression 
service and the frequency and timing of providing such service will be determined by the Clearing 
House in its absolute and sole discretion.  
All contracts submitted to the Clearing House pursuant to this Rule must be submitted in 
accordance with the procedures established by the Clearing House for this purpose as amended 
from time to time.  
Clearing Members participating in the multilateral compression service agree and acknowledge that 
the multilateral compression service may operate to offset (close-out) certain existing open 
positions and establish new open positions for the benefit of the relevant account holder. Any 
termination of or entry into replacement Exchange cleared futures and options contracts will take 
place in accordance with and subject to the terms of this Rule and such procedures and conditions 
established by the Clearing House from time to time.  
The Clearing House may utilize a third party approved by the Clearing House for the facilitation of 
the multilateral compression service provided in accordance with this Rule, which may be an 
affiliate of the Clearing House or CME Group Inc. or such other entity appointed by the Clearing 
House from time to time and duly notified to participants (an “Authorized Compression Service 
Provider”).  
The Clearing House may in its absolute and sole discretion determine to suspend or terminate the 
multilateral compression service and any compression cycle at any time.  
Positions in a customer account of a Clearing Member shall not be compressed pursuant to this 
Rule with positions in the proprietary account of the Clearing Member. 
 
 
CONTRACTS ELIGIBLE FOR OFFSET TABLE 
  
 
View table here (XLS) 
 
 
 
(End Chapter 8) 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 3 
 
Chapter 8A 
Mutual Offset System 
8A70. 
SCOPE OF SECTION 
This section governs the rights and responsibilities of clearing members participating in the Mutual 
Offset System.  The procedures for trading, clearing, etc., including the duties of a clearing member 
to its customer and the rights of such customer that are not specifically covered herein shall be 
governed by the rules of the Exchange that are consistent with this section. 
8A71. 
CONTRACT ELIGIBILITY 1  
 
The Mutual Offset System may be utilized for the following futures contracts: Nikkei Stock Average, 
Yen Denominated Nikkei Stock Average, E-mini FTSE China 50, and E-mini FTSE Emerging 
Index. 
8A72. 
DEFINITIONS 
8A72.A. 
Mutual Offset System. 
The process of substitution between Participating Exchanges whereby a trade executed on one 
exchange liquidates or establishes a position on another such exchange. 
8A72.B. 
Inter-Exchange Transfer. 
The transfer to one Participating Exchange of a position established as a result of a trade on 
another Participating Exchange. 
8A72.C. 
Participating Exchange. 2 
An exchange that is a party to the Mutual Offset System.  (Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and 
the Singapore Exchange Derivatives Trading Limited are parties to the Mutual Offset System.) 
8A72.D. 
Originating Clearing Member. 
A clearing member of a Participating Exchange that initiates an order for execution pursuant to the 
Mutual Offset System. 
8A72.E. 
Executing Clearing Member. 
A clearing member of a Participating Exchange that accepts and is responsible for executing an 
order received from an Originating Clearing Member pursuant to the Mutual Offset System. 
8A73. 
CLEARING MEMBER ELIGIBILITY 3  
A clearing member of the Exchange may not participate in the Mutual Offset System as an 
Originating or Executing Clearing Member unless it has been approved by Exchange staff. 
Exchange staff shall have the sole discretion in determining the qualifications of an applicant for 
participation in the Mutual Offset System.  If Exchange staff has reason to believe that the 
continued participation of a clearing member in the Mutual Offset System may, or has the potential 
to, adversely affect the Exchange or the Mutual Offset System, the Clearing House Risk Committee 
may summarily revoke the approval.  The clearing member shall be entitled to a hearing within 10 
days of such revocation. 
A violation of this Rule may be a major offense. 
8A74. 
CUSTOMER AUTHORIZATION 4  
A. All orders for execution on another Participating Exchange shall be deemed to be for the 
Mutual Offset System and the resulting position shall be automatically transferred to the 
Exchange unless upon receipt of an order the clearing member receives instructions to the 
contrary. 
B. Non-discretionary orders for execution on the Exchange shall not be transferred to a 
Participating Exchange unless specifically authorized by the account holder in accordance with 
 
1 Revised June 1986; July 1994; February 1996; July 1998; March 1999; August 2004; June 2011; January 2017; July 2018; December 2019. 
2 Revised November 2000. 
3 Revised November 2000. 
4 Revised July 1986; December 1986; March 1988; December 1993. 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 3 
 
CFTC Regulation 166.2. 
C. A violation of this rule may be a major offense. 
8A75. 
INTER-EXCHANGE MEMORANDUM 
All trades originated or executed subject to the Mutual Offset System shall be promptly reported to 
and on a form of memorandum provided by the Clearing House. 
8A76. 
PREREQUISITES FOR INTER-EXCHANGE TRANSFER 
So long as the Mutual Offset System is in effect, a trade will be transferred between Participating 
Exchanges if all of the following conditions are satisfied: 
1. 
The trade has cleared in the ordinary course on the Participating Exchange where executed. 
2. 
An Inter-Exchange Transfer memorandum has been duly delivered to the Clearing House. 
3. 
The Clearing House has received confirmation of the Inter- Exchange trade data from the other 
Participating Exchange. 
8A77. 
INTER-EXCHANGE TRANSFER 
8A77.A. 
Clearing Members 
The Executing Clearing Member with respect to a trade executed on CME pursuant to the Mutual 
Offset System shall have the same responsibilities to the Clearing House for such trade as for any 
other trade made on CME until the trade is transferred to a Participating Exchange. 
After a trade executed on CME is transferred to another Participating Exchange, the Executing 
Clearing Member shall have no further responsibility to the Clearing House for such trade and shall 
have no further responsibility to or relationship with the Originating Clearing Member with respect to 
the position created by such trade. 
After a trade executed on a Participating Exchange, other than CME, is transferred to CME, the 
Originating Clearing Member shall have no further responsibility to or relationship with the 
Executing Clearing Member of the other Participating Exchange with respect to the position created 
by the trade, and the Originating Clearing Member shall have a position on CME and the same 
responsibilities to the Clearing House for such position as it would have had if the trade creating the 
position had been executed on CME. 
8A77.B. 
Other Participating Exchanges 
At such time as a trade executed on CME is transferred to another Participating Exchange, the 
other Participating Exchange shall be substituted for the Executing Clearing Member with respect 
to the position created by such trade. 
At such time as a trade executed on a Participating Exchange, other than CME, is transferred to 
CME, the other Participating Exchange will have a position equal and opposite to such position 
subject to the Inter-Exchange Transfer. 
8A78. 
TRADE NOT TRANSFERRED BETWEEN PARTICIPATING EXCHANGES 
If a trade executed on the CME is not transferred between Participating Exchanges prior to the 
opening of trading on the next business day, the Executing Clearing Member shall remain 
responsible to the Clearing House to the full extent as with any trade. 
(End Chapter 8-A) 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 3 of 3 
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES 
RELATING TO CHAPTER 8-A 
REPEAL OF RULE 879 
(Special Executive Report S-1575, December 9, 1985) 
The CFTC has approved the repeal of Rule 879 OMNIBUS ACCOUNT RESTRICTIONS.  The 
repeal is effective immediately. 
Rule 879 had prohibited clearing members from accepting or carrying positions executed 
pursuant to the Mutual Offset System in an omnibus account of a non-member FCM, unless 
the account was a proprietary account of the non-member FCM.  The repeal of the rule means 
that clearing members may accept and carry positions executed through the mutual offset 
system in an omnibus account of a non-member firm. 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 8 
 
Chapter 8B 
Security Futures Products 
GENERAL 
8B01. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to the clearance of Security Futures Products (“SFPs”) 
effected on a Marketplace apart from the Chicago Mercantile Exchange where the underlying 
interest is a single equity security or a narrow-based index. The procedures for clearing, 
delivery, settlement and other matters not specifically covered herein shall be governed by the 
Rules of the Exchange. 
For purposes of Chapter 8B, the term Marketplace shall mean an organized venue, apart from 
Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc., for the trade of securities, commodities or derivative 
instruments including, but not limited to, futures, options, options on futures or Security Futures 
Products. 
8B02. 
CONDITIONS TO CLEAR SECURITY FUTURES PRODUCTS   
The Chicago Mercantile Exchange Clearing House will clear transactions in Security Futures 
Products effected on a Marketplace apart from the Chicago Mercantile Exchange subject to 
the execution of a clearing agreement between the Marketplace and the Clearing House, 
which agreement shall, among other things: (a) govern the business relationship between such 
Marketplace and the CME in respect of the listing of, and clearance of transactions in, Security 
Futures Products, (b) provide for appropriate indemnification by the Marketplace of the CME, 
its officers, and directors, and (c) provide that the CME shall cease clearing Security Futures 
Products for the Marketplace and the clearing agreement shall terminate if: (i) the Marketplace 
no longer meets all legal and regulatory requirements necessary to list and trade Security 
Futures Products; (ii) the Marketplace terminates the trading of all Security Futures Products; 
or (iii) the Marketplace is in violation, in any material respect, of the clearing agreement.  
INTERPRETATION TO RULE 8B02 CONDITIONS 
TO CLEAR SECURITY FUTURES PRODUCTS 
The Clearing House will clear transactions effected on the Marketplace only if such 
Marketplace has received all necessary regulatory authorization to trade the particular types of 
contracts subject to such transactions.   
8B03. 
GENERAL RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS 
Each buyer and seller of a SFP shall have the rights and obligations provided in the Rules.  In 
the case of Security Futures Products traded on a Marketplace apart from Chicago Mercantile 
Exchange but cleared by the Clearing House per the provisions of Rule 8B02, each buyer and 
seller of a SFP shall have the rights and obligations provided in the applicable rules, by-laws or 
regulations governing trade on such Marketplace.   
8B04. 
PARTNER CLEARINGHOUSES  
1. 
The Clearing House may agree with a Partner Clearinghouse to open one or more 
omnibus accounts for such Partner Clearinghouse for the purpose of facilitating trade in 
Security Futures Products.  The terms of such an arrangement shall be set forth in a 
separate written agreement, which shall provide, inter alia, that the Partner Clearinghouse 
shall be a Clearing Member in respect of the omnibus account(s) for purposes of the 
Rules, except to the extent otherwise provided in such agreement, and shall be primarily 
liable for the obligations of its clearing members in respect of trades cleared through the 
omnibus account(s).  
2. 
Neither the Clearing House nor Partner Clearinghouse, in respect of SFP transactions, 
shall be required to (a) post risk margin with the other; (b) make payment or post any 
deposit to the other party’s guaranty fund or clearing fund; or (c) make up or contribute to 
the restoration of any loss suffered by the other party as a result of a default to such other 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 8 
 
party by such other party’s clearing members.   
3. 
The Clearing House shall assume all obligations, as specified in the Rules, to Clearing 
Members clearing SFP transactions through the Clearing House.  Similarly, Partner 
Clearinghouse(s) shall be bound by their respective rules and by-laws to parties clearing 
SFP transactions through the facilities of the Partner Clearinghouse.  However, the 
Clearing House shall not assume any direct obligations to parties clearing SFP 
transactions through the facilities of its Partner Clearinghouse(s).  Similarly, Partner 
Clearinghouse(s) shall not assume any direct obligations to parties clearing SFP 
transactions through the facilities of the Clearing House.  
8B05. 
TRANSFERS WITH PARTNER CLEARINGHOUSES 
A. Clearing Members 
Trades or positions may be transferred from accounts carried at CME to accounts carried at a 
Partner Clearinghouse; or, from accounts carried at a Partner Clearinghouse to accounts 
carried at CME.  Such transfers shall be made by the Transferring Clearing Member to the 
Accepting Clearing Member.  Such transfers must be made at the daily settlement value per 
Rule 813.F.    
The Transferring Clearing Member with respect to a trade executed on a Marketplace and 
cleared by CME shall have the same responsibilities to the Clearing House for such trade as 
for any other trade made, or position carried, on CME until the trade is transferred to a Partner 
Clearinghouse.   
After a trade originally cleared at CME is transferred to a Partner Clearinghouse, the 
Transferring Clearing Member shall have no further responsibility for such trade and shall have 
no further responsibility to or relationship with the Accepting Clearing Member with respect to 
the position created by such trade.   
After a trade originally cleared by a Partner Clearinghouse is transferred to CME, the 
Accepting Clearing Member shall have no further responsibility to or relationship with the 
Transferring Clearing Member of the Partner Clearinghouse with respect to the position 
created by the trade, and the Accepting Clearing Member shall have a position on CME and 
the same responsibilities to the Clearing House for such position as it would have had if the 
trade creating the position had been originally cleared on CME.   
B. Other Partner Clearinghouses 
At such time as a trade cleared on CME is transferred to another Partner Clearinghouse, the 
Partner Clearinghouse shall be substituted for the Transferring Clearing Member with respect 
to the position created by such trade.   
At such time as the trade originally cleared on a Partner Clearinghouse, other than CME is 
transferred to CME, the Partner Clearinghouse will have a position equal and opposite to such 
position subject to the Transfer between CME and a Partner Clearinghouse. 
8B06. 
TRADE NOT TRANSFERRED BETWEEN PARTNER CLEARINGHOUSES 
If a trade originally cleared on CME is not transferred to a Partner Clearinghouse prior to the 
opening of trading on the next business day, the Transferring Clearing Member shall remain 
responsible to the CME to the full extent as with any trade.   
ADJUSTMENTS 
8B10. 
ADJUSTMENTS TO SECURITY FUTURES PRODUCTS 
1. 
Determinations as to whether and how to adjust the terms of Security Futures Products to 
reflect events affecting underlying interests shall be made by the Clearing House based 
on its judgment, and in coordination with Partner Clearinghouses as appropriate, as to 
what is appropriate for the protection of investors and the public interest, taking into 
account such factors as fairness to the buyers and sellers of Security Futures Products on 
the underlying interest, the maintenance of a fair and orderly market in futures on the 
underlying interest, consistency of interpretation and practice, efficiency of settlement of 
delivery obligations arising from physically-settled Security Futures Products, and the 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 3 of 8 
 
coordination with other clearing agencies of the clearance and settlement of transactions 
in the underlying security.  The Clearing House may, in addition to determining 
adjustments to Security Futures Products on a case-by-case basis, adopt interpretations 
having general application to specified types of events. Every determination by the 
Clearing House in respect of Security Futures Products pursuant to this Rule shall be 
within the discretion of the Clearing House, in coordination with Partner Clearinghouses as 
appropriate, and shall be conclusive and binding on all investors and not  
2. 
[subject to review]. The following paragraphs of this Rule apply to Security Futures 
Products based on single equity securities only. Special rules for narrow-based index 
futures are set out in Rule 8B11.   
3. 
Whenever there is a dividend, stock dividend, stock distribution, stock split, reverse stock 
split, rights offering, distribution, reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification or similar 
event in respect of any underlying security, or a merger, consolidation, dissolution or 
liquidation of the issuer of any underlying security, the number of Security Futures Product 
contracts, the unit of trading, the settlement price and the underlying security, or any of 
them, with respect to all outstanding Security Futures Products open for trading in the 
underlying security may be adjusted in accordance with this Rule. If the Clearing House 
does not learn, or does not learn in a timely manner, of an event for which the Clearing 
House would have otherwise made an adjustment, the Clearing House shall not be liable 
for any failure to make such adjustment or delay in making such adjustment. In making 
any adjustment determination, the Clearing House shall apply the factors set forth in this 
Rule in light of the circumstances known to it at the time such determination is made. 
4. 
It shall be the general rule that there will be no adjustments to reflect ordinary cash 
dividends or distributions or ordinary stock dividends or distributions (collectively, "ordinary 
distributions") by the issuer of the underlying security. 
5. 
Subject to paragraph 3 of this Rule, it shall be the general rule that in the case of a stock 
dividend, stock distribution or stock split whereby one or more whole numbers of shares of 
the underlying security are issued with respect to each outstanding share, each SFP 
contract covering that underlying security shall be increased by the same number of 
additional SFP contracts as the number of shares issued with respect to each share of the 
underlying security, the last settlement price established immediately before such event 
shall be proportionately reduced, and the unit of trading shall remain the same. 
6. 
Subject to paragraph 3 of this Rule, it shall be the general rule that in the case of a stock 
dividend, stock distribution or stock split whereby other than a whole number of shares of 
the underlying security is issued in respect of each outstanding share, the last settlement 
price established immediately before such event shall be proportionately reduced, and 
conversely, in the case of a reverse stock split or combination of shares, the last 
settlement price established immediately before such event shall be proportionately 
increased. Whenever the settlement price with respect to a stock future has been reduced 
or increased in accordance with this paragraph, the unit of trading shall be proportionately 
increased or reduced, as the case may be. 
7. 
It shall be the general rule that in the case of any distribution made with respect to shares 
of an underlying security, other than ordinary distributions and other than distributions for 
which adjustments are provided in paragraphs 4 or 5 of this Rule, if the Clearing House 
determines that an adjustment to the terms of Security Futures Products on such 
underlying security is appropriate, (a) the last settlement price established immediately 
before such event shall be reduced by the value per share of the distributed property, in 
which event the unit of trading shall not be adjusted, or alternatively, (b) the unit of trading 
in effect immediately before such event shall be adjusted so as to include the amount of 
property distributed with respect to the number of shares of the underlying security 
represented by the unit of trading in effect prior to such adjustment, in which event the 
settlement price shall not be adjusted. The Clearing House shall, with respect to 
adjustments under this paragraph or any other paragraph of this Rule, have the authority 
to determine the value of distributed property. 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 4 of 8 
 
8. 
In the case of any event for which adjustment is not provided in any of the foregoing 
paragraphs of this Rule, the Clearing House may make such adjustments, if any, with 
respect to the Security Futures Products affected by such event as the Clearing House 
determines. 
9. 
Adjustments pursuant to this Rule shall as a general rule become effective in respect of 
outstanding Security Futures Products on the "ex-date" established by the primary market 
for the underlying security.  
10. It shall be the general rule that (a) all adjustments of the settlement price of an outstanding 
stock future shall be rounded to the nearest adjustment increment, (b) when an 
adjustment causes a settlement price to be equidistant between two adjustment 
increments, the settlement price shall be rounded up to the next highest adjustment 
increment, (c) all adjustments of the unit of trading shall be rounded down to eliminate any 
fraction, and (d) if the unit of trading is rounded down to eliminate a fraction, the adjusted 
settlement price shall be further adjusted, to the nearest adjustment increment, to reflect 
any diminution in the value of the stock future resulting from the elimination of the fraction. 
11. Notwithstanding the general rules set forth in paragraphs 3 through 9 of this Rule or which 
may be set forth as interpretations to this Rule, the Clearing House shall have the power 
to make exceptions in those cases or groups of cases in which, in applying the standards 
set forth in paragraph 1 of this Rule, the Clearing House shall determine such exceptions 
to be appropriate. However, the general rules shall be applied unless the Clearing House 
affirmatively determines to make an exception in a particular case or group of cases. 
INTERPRETATION TO RULE 8B10. ADJUSTMENTS  
TO SECURITY FUTURES PRODUCTS 
1. 
(a) Cash dividends or distributions by the issuer of the underlying security that the 
Clearing House believes to have been declared pursuant to a policy or practice of paying 
such dividends or distributions on a quarterly or other regular basis, will, as a general rule, 
be deemed to be “ordinary distributions” within the meaning of paragraph 3 of this Rule.  
The Clearing House will determine on a case-by-case basis whether other dividends or 
distributions are “ordinary distributions” or whether they are dividends or distributions for 
which an adjustment should be made.  (b) Stock dividends or distributions by the issuer of 
the underlying security that the Clearing House believes to have been declared pursuant 
to a policy or practice of paying such dividends or distributions on a quarterly basis will, as 
a general rule, be deemed to be “ordinary distributions” within the meaning of paragraph 3 
of this Rule.  The Clearing House will ordinarily adjust for other stock dividends and 
distributions.  (c) Where the Clearing House determines to adjust for a cash or stock 
dividend or distribution, the adjustment shall be made in accordance with the applicable 
provisions of this Rule. 
2. 
Adjustments will ordinarily be made for rights distributions, except as provided below in 
the case of certain “poison pill” rights.  When an adjustment is made for a rights 
distribution, the unit of trading in effect immediately prior to the distribution will ordinarily 
be adjusted to include the number of rights distributed with respect to the number of 
shares or other units of the underlying security comprising the unit of trading.  If, however, 
the Clearing House determines that the rights are due to expire before the time they could 
be exercised upon delivery under the futures contract, then delivery of the rights will not 
be required.  Instead, the Clearing House will ordinarily adjust the last settlement price 
established before the rights expire to reflect the value, if any, of the rights as determined 
by the Clearing House in its sole discretion.  Adjustments will not ordinarily be made to 
reflect the issuance of so-called “poison pill” rights that are not immediately exercisable, 
trade as a unit or automatically with the underlying security, and may be redeemed by the 
issuer.  In the event such rights become exercisable, being to trade separately from the 
underlying security, or are redeemed, the Clearing House will determine whether an 
adjustment is appropriate. 
3. 
Adjustments will not be made to reflect a tender offer or exchange offer to the holders of 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 5 of 8 
 
the underlying security, whether such offer is made by the issuer of the underlying security 
or by a third person or whether the offer is for cash, securities or other property. This 
policy will apply without regard to whether the price of the underlying security may be 
favorably or adversely affected by the offer or whether the offer may be deemed to be 
"coercive." Outstanding Security Futures Products ordinarily will be adjusted to reflect a 
merger, consolidation or similar event that becomes effective following the completion of a 
tender offer or exchange offer. 
4. 
Adjustments will not be made to reflect changes in the capital structure of an issuer where 
all of the underlying securities outstanding in the hands of the public (other than 
dissenters’ shares) are not changed into another security, cash or other property. For 
example, adjustments will not be made merely to reflect the issuance (except as a 
distribution on an underlying security) of new or additional debt, stock, or options, warrants 
or other securities convertible into or exercisable for the underlying security, the 
refinancing of the issuer’s outstanding debt, the repurchase by the issuer of less than all of 
the underlying securities outstanding, or the sale by the issuer of significant capital assets. 
5. 
When an underlying security is converted into a right to receive a fixed amount of cash, 
such as in a merger, outstanding Security Futures Products will be adjusted to replace 
such underlying security with such fixed amount of cash as the underlying interest, and 
the unit of trading shall remain unchanged. 
6. 
In the case of a corporate reorganization, reincorporation or similar occurrence by the 
issuer of an underlying security which results in an automatic share-for-share exchange of 
shares in the issuer for shares in the resulting company, Security Futures Products on the 
underlying security will ordinarily be adjusted by replacing such underlying security with a 
like number of units of the shares of the resulting company. Because the securities are 
generally exchanged only on the books of the issuer and the resulting company, and are 
not generally exchanged physically, deliverable shares will ordinarily include certificates 
that are denominated on their face as shares in the original issuer, but which, as a result 
of the corporate transaction, represent shares in the resulting company. 
7. 
When an underlying security is converted in whole or in part into a debt security and/or a 
preferred stock, as in a merger, and interest or dividends on such debt security or 
preferred stock are payable in the form of additional units thereof, outstanding Security 
Futures Products that have been adjusted by replacing the original underlying security 
with the security into which the original underlying security has been converted shall be 
further adjusted, effective as of the ex-date for each payment of interest or dividends 
thereon, by increasing the unit of trading by the number of units of the new underlying 
security distributed as interest or dividends thereon. 
8. 
Notwithstanding this Interpretation of Rule 8B10, distributions of short-term and long-term 
capital gains in respect of stock fund shares by the issuer thereof shall not, as a general 
rule, be deemed to be "ordinary dividends or distributions" within the meaning of 
paragraph 3 of Rule 8B10, and adjustments of the terms of Security Futures Products on 
such stock fund shares for such distributions shall be made in accordance with paragraph 
applicable provisions of Rule 8B10, unless the Clearing House determines, on a case-by-
case basis, not to adjust for such a distribution. 
9. 
In the event that a new series of Security Futures Products is introduced with a settlement 
price expressed in decimals and there is an outstanding series of Security Futures 
Products on the same underlying security with a settlement price expressed as a fraction 
that could be expressed in whole cents, the Clearing House may restate the settlement 
price of the outstanding series as its equivalent decimal price. If the settlement price for 
the outstanding series is a fraction that cannot be expressed in whole cents, the 
settlement price may not be restated as a decimal. 
8B11. 
ADJUSTMENTS TO NARROW-BASED INDEX FUTURES 
1. 
No adjustments will ordinarily be made in the terms of narrow-based index futures in the 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 6 of 8 
 
event that underlying securities are added to or deleted from the index group or when the 
relative weight of one or more underlying securities in the index is changed. However, if 
the Clearing House shall determine in its discretion, and in coordination with Partner 
Clearinghouses as appropriate, that any such addition, deletion or change causes 
significant discontinuity in the level of the index, the Clearing House may adjust the terms 
of the affected narrow-based index futures by adjusting the index multiplier with respect to 
such contracts or by taking such other action as the Clearing House in its discretion, and 
in coordination with its Partner Clearinghouses as appropriate, deems fair to both the 
buyers and sellers of such contracts. 
2. 
If (a) the index multiplier for narrow-based index futures on an underlying index shall be 
increased or decreased, (b) the reporting authority shall change the method of calculation 
of an underlying index so as to create a discontinuity or change in the level of the index 
that does not reflect a change in the prices or values of the constituent securities in the 
index, or (c) the Clearing House shall substitute one underlying index for another pursuant 
to paragraph 3 of this Rule, the Clearing House shall make such adjustments in the 
number of outstanding futures or the contract prices of such futures or other such 
adjustments, if any, as the Clearing House in its  discretion, and in coordination with 
Partner Clearinghouse(s) as appropriate, deems fair to both the buyers and the sellers of 
such contracts. 
3. 
In the event the Clearing House determines that (a) publication of an underlying index has 
been discontinued; (b) an underlying index has been replaced by another index; or (c) the 
composition or method of calculation of an underlying index is so materially changed since 
its selection as an underlying index that is deemed to be a different index, the Clearing 
House may substitute another index (a “successor index”) as the underlying index.  A 
successor index shall be reasonably comparable, as determined by the Corporation in its 
discretion, and in coordination with Partner Clearinghouse(s) as appropriate, to the 
original underlying index for which it is substituted.  An index may be created specifically 
for the purpose of becoming a successor index.   
4. 
(a) In the event the Clearing House, acting pursuant to paragraph 1 of this Section, 
adjusts a narrow-based index futures contract underlying a futures option, such futures 
option will ordinarily be adjusted to provide, upon exercise, for delivery of the futures 
contract as adjusted by the Clearing House.  (b) In the event the Clearing House, acting 
pursuant to paragraph 2 of this Section, adjusts (i) the number of outstanding index 
futures in a series of futures underlying a futures option, (ii) the contract price of index 
futures underlying a futures option, or (iii) the index futures underlying a futures option in 
any other manner, the futures option ordinarily will be adjusted in the manner 
corresponding to the adjustment in the underlying futures contract (e.g., if the number of 
outstanding index futures in a series of futures underlying a futures option is adjusted, the 
number of futures options on the adjusted underlying index will be similarly adjusted; if the 
contract price of the underlying index future is adjusted, the exercise price of the futures 
options will be similarly adjusted, etc.   
SETTLEMENT 
8B20. 
UNAVAILABILITY OR INACCURACY OF FINAL SETTLEMENT PRICE 
1. 
If the Clearing House shall determine, in coordination with Partner Clearinghouse(s) as 
appropriate, that the primary market(s) for the underlying security in respect of a maturing 
stock future, or one or more component securities of the underlying index in respect of a 
maturing narrow-based index future, did not open or remain open for trading at or before 
the time when the final settlement price for such futures would ordinarily be determined, or 
that the price or other value used to determine the final settlement price is unreported or 
otherwise unavailable, then, in addition to any other actions that the Clearing House may 
be entitled to take under the Rules, the Clearing House shall be empowered to do any or 
all of the following with respect to maturing futures affected by such event ("affected 
futures"): 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 7 of 8 
 
(a) The Clearing House may suspend the time for making the final variation payment with 
respect to affected futures and, in the case of physically-settled Security Futures 
Products, may postpone the delivery date. At such time as the Clearing House 
determines that the required price or other value is available or the Clearing House 
has fixed the final settlement price pursuant to subparagraph (a) or (b) of this Section, 
the Clearing House shall fix a new date for making the final variation payment and 
may fix a new delivery date for physically-settled Security Futures Products.  
(b) The Clearing House may fix the final settlement price for affected futures, based on 
its judgment as to what is appropriate for the protection of investors and the public 
interest, taking into account such factors as fairness to buyers and sellers of affected 
futures, the maintenance of a fair and orderly market in such futures, and consistency 
of interpretation and practice. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the 
Clearing House may, if it deems such action appropriate for the protection of 
investors and the public interest, fix the final settlement price on the basis of the 
reported price of the underlying security or reported level of the underlying index at 
the close of regular trading hours (as determined by the Clearing House) on the last 
preceding trading day for which a closing stock price or index level was reported by 
the reporting authority.  
2. 
The Clearing House may fix the final settlement price for affected futures using the 
opening prices of the relevant security or securities when the primary market(s) reopen. In 
that case, the date for making the final variation payment for the affected futures shall be 
postponed until the business day next following the day on which the final settlement price 
is fixed; and, in the case of physically-settled Security Futures Products, the delivery date 
shall also be postponed accordingly.  
3. 
Every determination of the Clearing House pursuant to this Section shall be within the 
discretion of the Clearing House, in coordination with Partner Clearinghouses as 
appropriate, and shall be conclusive and binding on all investors and not subject to review. 
Unless the Clearing House directs otherwise, the price of an underlying security and the 
current index value of an underlying index as initially reported by the relevant Marketplace 
or other reporting authority shall be conclusively presumed to be accurate and shall be 
deemed final for the purpose of determining settlement prices and the final settlement 
price, even if such price or value is subsequently revised or determined to have been 
inaccurate. 
INTERPRETATION TO 8B20. UNAVAILABILITY 
OR INACCURACY OF FINAL SETTLEMENT PRICE 
The Clearing House will not adjust officially reported stock prices or current index values for 
final settlement purposes, even if those prices or values are subsequently found to have been 
erroneous, except in extraordinary circumstances. Such circumstances might be found to exist 
where, for example, the closing price or current index value as initially reported is clearly 
erroneous and inconsistent with prices or values reported earlier in the same trading day, and 
a corrected closing price or current index value is promptly announced by the reporting 
authority. In no event will a completed settlement be adjusted due to errors in officially reported 
stock prices or current index values. 
8B21. 
DETERMINATION OF FINAL SETTLEMENT PRICE 
The method for determining the final settlement price for a series of Security Futures Products 
shall be as specified in the rules of the Marketplace on which the contract is traded; provided, 
however, that in the event of any conflict between such Marketplace rules and the Rules of the 
CME, the Rules of the CME shall control. The final settlement price may be based upon the 
price or level of the underlying interest at the close of trading on the maturity date of a security 
future or at the opening of trading on the following business day. It may also be based upon an 
average of prices or levels during an appropriate period of time. Final settlement prices are 
subject to adjustment by the Clearing House in accordance with the Rules. 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 8 of 8 
 
INTERPRETATION TO 8B21. DETERMINATION  
OF FINAL SETTLEMENT PRICE 
Notwithstanding the provisions of this Rule 8B21, no Marketplace may specify a method for 
determining a final settlement price that is inconsistent with applicable regulations of the 
Commodity Futures Trading Commission or Securities and Exchange Commission such as, for 
example, regulations requiring that the final settlement prices for certain security futures 
contracts must be based upon opening prices. 
(End Chapter 8-B) 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
 
Chapter 8C 
Clearing Services 
GENERAL 
8C01. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter authorizes the Exchange to provide clearing services to another exchange or market.  
The procedures for the clearing, settlement and guarantee of trades executed on another exchange 
or market that are not specifically covered herein shall be governed by the Rules of the Exchange.  
Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, trade practice and sales practice rules and 
procedures, including, but not limited to, market regulation, market surveillance and customer 
protection rules and procedures, shall be governed by the rules of the other exchange or market at 
which the transaction takes place. 
8C02. 
CONDITIONS TO CLEAR CONTRACTS 
The Clearing House may clear transactions executed on or subject to the rules of another 
exchange or market in accordance with a clearing services agreement approved by the Board and 
subject to any necessary regulatory approvals of the clearing services agreement and the activities 
of such exchange or market. 
8C03. 
TRANSFERS 
The Clearing House may accept transfers of positions from another clearing house in order to 
perform clearing services for another exchange or Market.  Such transfers shall be made in 
accordance with the Rules and operating procedures of the Exchange.  Such transfers must be 
made at the daily settlement value per Rule 813.F. 
8C04. 
FUTURES LISTED FOR TRADING ON A FOREIGN BOARD OF TRADE 
Without limiting the generality of Rule 8C01, the Clearing House may provide clearing services to a 
foreign board of trade with respect to transactions in futures or options on futures traded on or 
subject to the rules of such FBOT.  The Clearing House, in relation to providing such clearing 
services, will provide reports and such other information to the FBOT as may be required for the 
business operations and regulatory requirements applicable to the FBOT.  
The Clearing House will clear customer positions in the FBOT’s contracts for an FCM Clearing 
Member in a manner consistent with CFTC Regulation 30.7 or, subject to CFTC approval and any 
regulatory approval required in the FBOT’s local jurisdiction, in a futures segregated account held 
in accordance with section 4d(a) of the CEA and CFTC regulations thereunder or in a cleared 
swaps customer account held in accordance with the CFTC Part 22 Regulations.  
The Clearing House may require a person to be authorized as a clearing member for CME, CBOT, 
NYMEX or COMEX contracts as a condition to be authorized to clear transactions in the contracts 
of a particular FBOT. 
The Clearing House provides clearing services pursuant to this Rule 8C04 to the Dubai Mercantile 
Exchange Limited and to FEX Global Pty Limited (“FGL”).  CME may terminate clearing services 
for FBOTs subject to applicable terms. 
8C05. FGL TRADE SUBMISSION TO THE CLEARING HOUSE  
8C05.A. Exclusivity of Clearing House Rules  
The Clearing House Rules shall exclusively apply, and prevail to the extent there is any conflict with 
any FGL rules, to all trades and resulting positions, from the time the trade is submitted for clearing. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Clearing House rejects an FGL trade for clearing, the Clearing 
House Rules shall cease to apply to that FGL trade until such trade is resubmitted for clearing.  
8C05.B. Clearing House Authority  
The Clearing House will have the sole authority to:  
1. determine whether any trade submitted for clearing will be accepted or rejected. For the 
avoidance of doubt, FGL may not make a determination on clearing acceptance or rejection and 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
 
may only communicate the Clearing House’s determination of whether a trade has been accepted 
or rejected for clearing.  
2. block or cancel any trades submitted for clearing by, or on behalf of, FGL if it determines that 
such trades were executed or submitted to the Clearing House in error.  
3. deny or terminate the connection of FGL to the Clearing House due to technical, operational or 
risk management issues at FGL.  
4. determine whether it will accept any trade transaction counterparty risk.  
5. determine whether contracts cleared by the Clearing House should be offset within the Clearing 
House pursuant to the Act. 
8C05.C. Voids and Price Adjustments  
A void or price adjustment for any FGL trade that has been accepted for clearing is not valid 
without the consent of the Clearing House.  
8C05.D. Submission to Clearing House Rules and Access to Execution Platforms  
FGL and its Trading Participants shall be bound by Clearing House Rules, including, but not 
necessarily limited to, the disciplinary Rules and the emergency Rules contained in Chapters 2, 4, 
8, 8C and 9 and shall, at all times, provide the Clearing House with access to its execution platform 
for risk management purposes. 
  
 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 7 
Chapter 8-F 
Over-the-Counter Derivative Clearing 
8F001. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter sets forth the rules governing clearing and settlement of all products, instruments, and 
contracts in Over-The-Counter Derivatives, including, but not limited to, swaps and forward rate 
agreements, that the Clearing House has designated as eligible for clearing, but excluding interest rate 
swaps, which, for the avoidance of doubt, are governed by Chapter 8G. OTC Clearing Members are 
also subject to all applicable Rules in the CME, CBOT, NYMEX and/or COMEX Rulebooks that apply to 
CME, CBOT, NYMEX or COMEX Clearing Members as applicable, unless an exemption from such rule 
has been granted by staff or the Clearing House Risk Committee.  In the event there is a conflict 
between a rule in this Chapter 8-F and another rule in the Rulebooks, the Chapter 8-F Rule shall 
supersede the conflicting rule with respect to OTC Derivatives transactions. 
8F002. 
DEFINITIONS 
 
BASE OTC CLEARING MEMBER  
A Base OTC Clearing Member is an entity that has been approved by CME to clear OTC Derivatives 
that are Base Guaranty Fund Products. 
OTC FX CLEARING MEMBER 
An OTC FX Clearing Member is a Clearing Member that has been approved by CME to clear OTC FX 
Products, as defined in CME Rule 60002. Unless an OTC FX Clearing Member is also approved to 
clear other Base Guaranty Fund Products, such entity is not required to own, hold or lease any 
Exchange membership solely as a precondition to OTC FX Clearing Membership. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, an OTC FX Clearing Member that does not hold or lease one or more Exchange 
memberships shall continue to be responsible for violations of Exchange Rules as a Base OTC Clearing 
Member and agrees to have any disputes that relate to or arise out of  any transaction cleared by the 
Exchange during the time in which the entity is approved as a Base OTC Clearing Member resolved in 
accordance with Exchange Rules, including but not limited to the arbitration provisions of Chapter 6. For 
avoidance of doubt, each OTC FX Clearing Member is a ‘member’ as defined at Rule 601.A.4, a Base 
OTC Clearing Member and an OTC Clearing Member. 
OTC CLEARING MEMBER  
An OTC Clearing Member is an entity that has been approved by CME to clear OTC Derivatives. An 
OTC Clearing Member that is not also a CME, CBOT, NYMEX or COMEX Clearing Member may not 
clear CME, CBOT, NYMEX or COMEX transactions, as applicable, other than OTC Derivatives. 
Subject to approval by CME Clearing or the Clearing House Risk Committee, CME, CBOT, NYMEX and 
COMEX Clearing Members may be afforded full rights and privileges to trade and clear OTC 
Derivatives that are listed for clearing by CME, CBOT, NYMEX or COMEX, as applicable. Such CME, 
CBOT, NYMEX and COMEX Clearing Members shall then be considered “OTC Clearing Members,” as 
applicable, for purposes of the Rules. This chapter shall be applicable to entities that are approved as 
“OTC Clearing Members” and CME, CBOT, NYMEX and COMEX Clearing Members approved to clear 
OTC Derivatives.  
OTC DERIVATIVES 
Agreements, contracts or transactions that the Clearing House clears as ‘swaps’, as that term is defined 
under the Commodity Exchange Act. For purposes of this Chapter 8-F, the term ‘OTC Derivatives’ does 
not include interest rate swaps cleared by the Clearing House. 
OTC DERIVATIVE PRODUCT CATEGORY 
Each category and sub-category of OTC Derivatives as determined by the Clearing House for default 
management purposes. 
CLOSE-OUT AMOUNT 
The amount of losses and costs of the CME that are or would be incurred by the CME, net of any gains 
incurred in replacing, or in providing the CME the economic equivalent of the material terms of the 
terminated OTC Derivatives, net of any gains incurred (if such net amount is positive), including (a) the 
payments and deliveries that would, absent termination, have been required after the termination date, 
(b) any option rights in respect of the terminated transactions, (c) all unpaid amounts due to the CME 
under the terminated transaction with the relevant Clearing Member less all unpaid amounts due to 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 7 
such Clearing Member under the terminated transactions and (d) all related fees, costs and expenses 
incurred by the CME. 
8F003. 
CLASSIFICATION OF POSITIONS 
 OTC Derivatives submitted for clearing by an OTC Clearing Member for its proprietary account shall be 
assigned to and held in a proprietary account of such Clearing Member.  All collateral deposited as 
performance bond to support positions in the proprietary account of an OTC Clearing Member shall be 
deemed the property of the OTC Clearing Member and shall be subject to the Clearing House’s lien and 
security rights as described in Rule 8F008.   
OTC Derivatives submitted for clearing for the account of a Clearing Member’s Cleared Swaps 
Customers shall be assigned and held in a Cleared Swaps Customer Account of such Clearing 
Member.  All Clearing Members must comply with the requirements set forth in CME Rule 971 for such 
Cleared Swaps Customer Accounts. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the CFTC issues an order permitting OTC Clearing Members to 
commingle customer funds used to margin particular OTC Derivatives that are cleared by CME with 
other funds held in CEA Section 4d(a)(2) customer segregated accounts, such positions may be held in 
the customer segregated accounts of an OTC Clearing Member and, if so held, all collateral deposited 
as performance bond to support such positions and all settlement variation payments made to such 
accounts shall be commingled with similar property of regulated customers.  All Clearing Members must 
comply with the requirements set forth in CME Rule 971 for such customer segregated accounts. 
8F004. 
OTC CLEARING MEMBER OBLIGATIONS AND QUALIFICATIONS 
OTC Clearing Members are subject to all relevant CME, CBOT, NYMEX and COMEX Rules and the 
Clearing House Manual unless an exemption has been granted by staff or the Clearing House Risk 
Committee.  OTC Clearing Members must execute all agreements and documents required by the 
Clearing House. The qualifications and requirements to become an OTC Clearing Member are set forth 
below. 
An OTC Clearing Member clearing OTC Derivatives must satisfy the requirements set forth below.  
1.  An OTC Clearing Member must be in “good standing” under each applicable regulatory regime to 
which it is subject at the time it applies for OTC clearing membership and it must maintain its good 
standing status while it is an OTC Clearing Member.    
2. An OTC Clearing Member must be in compliance with all applicable regulatory capital requirements 
and an OTC Clearing Member must maintain minimum capital of: 
i. 
$5 million if it clears only agricultural OTC Derivatives; and 
ii. 
$50 million if it clears other OTC Derivatives, excluding interest rate swaps. 
3. [Reserved] 
4. [Reserved] 
5. [Reserved] 
6. An OTC Clearing Member and an OTC Clearing Member applicant shall be engaged in or 
demonstrate immediate capacity to engage in the conduct of the business of an OTC Clearing Member 
and to perform all other obligations of an OTC Clearing Member as described or referenced in these 
Rules, including the ability to properly risk manage OTC Derivatives, monitor OTC Derivatives 
exposures and comply with default management obligations. In the event that an OTC Clearing Member 
does not have the capabilities to perform such responsibilities or obligations, such OTC Clearing 
Member may contract with a third-party (including an Affiliate) to fulfill certain operational or risk 
requirements; provided that all agreements relating to such service shall be subject to the prior review 
and approval by the Clearing House staff and consultation with the Clearing House Risk Committee, as 
appropriate. The Clearing House may impose limitations on OTC Clearing Member utilization of service 
providers, including limitations on the number of OTC Clearing Members to which a service provider 
may provide services. Notwithstanding the above, each OTC Clearing member remains liable to the 
Clearing House for failure to comply with the obligations of an OTC Clearing Member.   
7. [Reserved] 
8. An OTC Clearing Member must comply with the financial requirements set forth in CME Rule 970.  
However, if the OTC Clearing Member is regulated by another regulatory authority, then it shall submit 
to CME annual audited financial statements as well as all unaudited financial statements provided to its 
primary regulator within five days after such statements are provided to its regulator.  All financial 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 3 of 7 
statements shall be in the English language. 
9. The books and records of an OTC Clearing Member regarding OTC Derivatives cleared by the 
Clearing House shall be made promptly available for inspection upon request by CME and such books 
and records shall be subject to reasonable standards of confidentiality. 
10. Each OTC Clearing Member that is a Futures Commission Merchant shall keep the types of 
information and records that are described in Section 4g of the Commodity Exchange Act and CFTC 
regulations thereunder including, but not limited to, Regulation 1.35, with respect to all OTC Derivatives 
submitted for clearing. 
11. Each Base OTC Clearing Member shall make at least two traders (one primary and one backup) 
per OTC Derivative Product Category available to the Clearing House to participate in the Active Base 
OTC Default Management Committee immediately upon notice from the Clearing House that it is 
convening the Active Base OTC Default Management Committee for (i) a potential or actual default of a 
Base OTC Clearing Member and (ii) for OTC Derivative default drill exercises.   
Upon acceptance as a Base OTC Clearing Member and upon any update request by Clearing House, 
each Base OTC Clearing Member shall provide a list of traders that the Base OTC Clearing Member 
nominates for the Active Base OTC Default Management Committee. Any such trader shall have a title 
at the level of Vice President (or equivalent title) and/or shall have the minimum level of experience the 
Clearing House deems necessary for the relevant OTC Derivatives. Each Base OTC Clearing Member 
shall make at least one trader per each OTC Derivative Product Category available to the Clearing 
House to participate in the Active Base OTC Default Management Committee immediately upon notice 
from the Clearing House that it is convening the Active Base OTC Default Management Committee for 
(i) a potential or actual default of an OTC Clearing Member or (ii) for OTC default drill exercises. Base 
OTC Clearing Members shall make traders available for each OTC Derivative Product Category as 
requested by the Clearing House until the later of (i) the end of the relevant default management 
process or drill or (ii) the end of such traders’ rotation.  
12. Each OTC Clearing Member or a third-party approved to act on its behalf shall participate in OTC 
Derivative default drill exercises as prescribed by the Clearing House.    
8F005. 
SUBSTITUTION AND TIMEFRAME OF ACCEPTANCE FOR CLEARING 
An OTC Derivative that is both executed and submitted to the Clearing House on the current business 
date at prevailing market prices, and in accordance with the rules governing such transaction shall be 
guaranteed by the Clearing House once accepted at the Clearing House. An existing OTC Derivative 
(i.e., a backloaded trade) that is submitted to the Clearing House for clearing, shall be guaranteed by 
the Clearing House at the time payment of initial settlement of mark to market, performance bond and 
any other applicable initial OTC cash flows for such OTC Derivative, in accordance with the procedures 
set forth in Rule 814, is confirmed by the appropriate settlement bank for both OTC Clearing Members. 
The Clearing House shall substitute itself as the counterparty to each party to the original transaction at 
the time of guarantee.  
With regard to an OTC Derivative submitted for clearing that is executed on or subject to the rules of a 
Designated Contract Market or a Swap Execution Facility, the Clearing House shall accept or reject 
such OTC Derivative for clearing in accordance with the time frames required under CFTC Regulation 
39.12(b)(7)(B)(ii). Except with respect to a backloaded trade, an OTC Derivative submitted for clearing 
that is not executed on or subject to the rules of a Designated Contract Market or a Swap Execution 
Facility, or that is executed noncompetitively on or subject to the rules of a Designated Contract Market 
or a Swap Execution Facility, shall be accepted or rejected for clearing in accordance with the time 
frames required under CFTC Regulation 39.12(b)(7)(B)(iii).  
The OTC Clearing Member shall be deemed the principal to the transaction when executed by that 
Clearing Member for its own proprietary account, as a guarantor agent to the transaction when 
executed by that Clearing Member for the account of a proprietary affiliate, or the agent when executed 
by the clearing member for the account of an authorized customer of that Clearing Member. After that 
substitution, there shall be two equal and offsetting over-the-counter transactions as follows: one 
between the buyer and the Clearing House, as seller; and an equal and offsetting transaction between 
the Clearing House and the seller. 
8F006. 
CLEARING MEMBER DEFAULT 
If an OTC Clearing Member fails promptly to discharge any obligation to the Clearing House, it shall be 
in default and the Clearing House may take all actions permitted by these Rules in the event of a 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 4 of 7 
default.  All of the assets and collateral of an OTC Clearing Member that are available to CME including, 
but not limited to, its guaranty fund deposit and performance bond shall be applied by the Clearing 
House to discharge the obligation.  The Clearing House may engage in any commercially reasonable 
transaction to eliminate or reduce the risk created by the default and all obligations, costs and expenses 
incurred thereby shall be an obligation of the defaulting OTC Clearing Member to the Clearing House.  If 
the defaulting clearing member has proprietary or customer positions in contracts traded on an 
execution platform with which CME has a clearing services agreement, the Clearing House, acting in 
good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, will determine the appropriate default management 
approach, which may include the determination to close out and cash settle all open positions in 
contracts executed on such execution platform. 
8F007. 
GUARANTY FUND DEPOSIT 
An OTC Clearing Members’ guaranty fund deposit may be used to cover losses incurred by the 
Clearing House if a defaulting OTC Clearing Member’s assets, including amounts available pursuant to 
any guarantee from an affiliated Clearing Member, available to the Clearing House are insufficient to 
cover such loss, regardless of the cause of default.  
The detailed guaranty fund deposit rules applicable to Clearing Members are set forth in Rule 816. 
8F008. 
LIEN ON COLLATERAL 
Each OTC Clearing Member hereby grants to the Clearing House to secure obligations of such OTC 
Clearing Member to the Clearing House a first priority and unencumbered security interest and lien 
against any property, cash, securities or collateral deposited with, transferred or pledged to, or 
otherwise where control is given to the Clearing House by the OTC Clearing Member.  OTC Clearing 
Members shall take any action that may be required by the Clearing House to create, preserve, perfect, 
validate or enforce any such security interest. 
8F009. 
CUSTOMER REGISTRATION 
All OTC Derivatives including, but not limited to, give-ups or transfers that are cleared at CME shall be 
identified with an account number which identifies the originator of that transaction, specifying whether 
the transaction was executed as a proprietary transaction of the OTC Clearing Member or arises from a 
transaction by a customer.  OTC Clearing Members shall register, on CME approved forms, all of the 
“ultimate” (or end) customer.  
8F010. 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
OTC Clearing Members will be subject to risk management and monitoring practices by CME relating to 
transactions submitted to the Clearing House. OTC Clearing Members shall promptly provide all 
information requested by Clearing House staff, including, without limitation, information respecting risk, 
settlement, liquidity, and operational issues. OTC Clearing Members shall make information and 
documents regarding their risk management policies, procedures and practices available to the CFTC 
upon the CFTC’s request.  
In limited circumstances, the Clearing House may decline to accept certain OTC Derivatives trades or 
migration positions if the Clearing House determines in good faith that, based on the exercise of prudent 
risk management standards, the Clearing House should not accept the OTC Derivatives trades or 
migration positions.  In the event that the Clearing House declines to accept certain OTC Derivative 
trades or migration positions, it shall incur no liability with respect to the trades and positions that are 
not accepted.  It shall be the sole responsibility of the OTC Clearing Members who are parties to such 
trades or positions to take action as they deem necessary or proper for their own protection.    
In addition, if the Clearing House determines in good faith that, based on the exercise of prudent risk 
management standards, that an OTC Clearing Member poses undue risk to the Clearing House based 
on its OTC Derivatives portfolio, the Clearing House may take any or all of the following actions with 
respect to such OTC Clearing Member: 1) impose an additional performance bond requirement; 2) 
prohibit the addition of any new OTC Derivative positions, or 3) require the reduction or unwinding of 
OTC Derivatives positions. 
OTC Clearing Members shall permit on-site risk reviews in accordance with CME Rules and subject to 
reasonable standards of confidentiality.  OTC Clearing Members will also be subject to on-going 
oversight by the Clearing House Risk Committee regarding their activities related to the CME Clearing 
House.  All such inquiries shall be conducted in a manner consistent with oversight of CME Clearing 
Members and in accordance with reasonable standards of confidentiality. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 5 of 7 
8F011. 
FINANCIAL REQUIREMENTS 
A. Subject to exceptions granted by CME staff regarding CME imposed financial requirements, OTC 
Clearing Members must comply with the following: 
1. 
Maintenance of minimum capital requirements; 
2. 
Notification requirements to the Financial and Regulatory Surveillance Department when a 
clearing member: 
(i) 
Fails to maintain minimum capital requirements;  
(ii) Fails to maintain current books and records; or 
(iii) Changes its fiscal year. 
B. CME staff may prescribe additional accounting, reporting, and other financial and/or operational 
requirements and OTC Clearing Members must comply with such requirements.  All OTC Clearing 
Members must provide immediate notice to the Financial and Regulatory Surveillance Department 
of a failure to comply with the additional accounting, reporting, financial, and/or operational 
requirements.     
C. CME staff may grant exceptions to the financial requirements of Rule 970 if it is determined that 
such exceptions will not jeopardize the financial integrity of CME. 
8F012. 
SETTLEMENT 
An OTC Clearing Member must demonstrate, at all times, the operational capabilities and infrastructure 
necessary to meet all of the delivery requirements applicable to the OTC Derivatives cleared by such 
OTC Clearing Member. 
8F013. 
INSOLVENCY AND LIQUIDATION 
In the event of a bankruptcy, insolvency or liquidation of an OTC Clearing Member or any other clearing 
member carrying OTC Derivatives in its proprietary or customer accounts, the default Rules and risk 
management procedures of CME shall apply, including, but not limited to, the provisions in Rule 975.  
Upon the bankruptcy, insolvency or liquidation of such a clearing member, the Clearing House will 
terminate, or offset, any open OTC Derivatives of the bankrupt or insolvent Clearing Member and of its 
customers, however, the Clearing House shall have discretion to transfer such customer positions to 
one or more other Clearing Members. The Clearing House may mitigate or eliminate the risks incurred 
by it as a result of offsetting or terminating such open OTC Derivatives by any one or more of the 
following means:  1) replace all or a portion of the OTC Derivatives of the defaulting clearing member by 
entering into a transaction with a solvent clearing member(s); 2) replace all or a portion of the OTC 
Derivatives of the defaulting clearing member by entering into OTC Derivatives for its own account in 
the open market; and/or 3) enter into OTC Derivatives (or exchange-traded contracts) to hedge the 
economic risks imposed on it as a result of offsetting or terminating such OTC Derivatives by any 
commercially reasonable means.  The Clearing House may also replace any OTC Derivatives it enters 
into to replace or hedge economic risks from any terminated transaction by substituting a transaction 
with a solvent clearing member(s) that offsets the original terminated transaction. All information 
received by an OTC Clearing Member, its affiliate or customer in connection with the Clearing House’s 
liquidation and default management processes shall be treated as confidential.  
Any Close-out Amount incurred by the Clearing House in liquidating, transferring and establishing, 
adjusting and/or replacing positions resulting from the clearing member’s default will be deducted from 
the defaulting clearing member’s collateral held by CME.  In the event the collateral of the defaulting 
clearing member is not sufficient to satisfy the Close-Out Amount, the unsatisfied costs will be a claim 
by the Clearing House against the defaulting clearing member. 
8F014. 
MITIGATION OF LOSSES 
In the event of a default of a Base OTC Clearing Member, all Base OTC Clearing Members shall work 
cooperatively with their customers, other Base OTC Clearing Members and the Clearing House to 
mitigate any losses that may occur as a result of such default and shall ensure that human resources 
required to be provided by Base OTC Clearing Members to any Active Base OTC Default Management 
Committee are promptly made available.   
Base OTC Clearing Members shall, upon request from the Clearing House: 1) provide commercially 
reasonable bids in all auctions of the defaulted Base OTC Clearing Member’s portfolio containing OTC 
Derivative Product Category cleared by the Base OTC Clearing Member and on the auction terms 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 6 of 7 
prescribed by the Clearing House; and2) take any other action as reasonably requested by the 
Emergency Financial Committee or Clearing House Risk Committee. 
 
8F015. 
TRADE SUBMISSION ON CME CLEARPORT  
A.  This rule governs all OTC Derivatives that the Clearing House has designated as eligible for clearing 
that are submitted for clearing via CME ClearPort and that are not extinguished and replaced by 
positions in regulated futures and options (“Transactions"). The parties to a Transaction and any person 
authorized under Section C of this Rule with brokering capability or trade submission authority 
(generically defined as "Broker" or "Brokers") must comply with applicable registration procedures for 
participation in CME ClearPort and must continue to comply with applicable registration procedures for 
OTC Derivatives, as may be amended from time to time.  Transactions are also subject to the other 
rules in this chapter. 
 B.  Each Transaction must be submitted in accordance with the procedures established by the Clearing 
House for this purpose, as amended from time to time. The parties to a Transaction and any Brokers 
authorized to submit Transactions on such a party’s behalf to the Clearing House and authorized for 
related activities shall be exclusively responsible, both individually and jointly, for accurately confirming 
the details of the Transaction to the Clearing House.  Once submitted, all Transactions shall be deemed 
final.  Neither the Clearing House nor a Clearing Member carrying the account of either party will have 
any responsibility in the confirmation of trade terms for Transactions. 
C.  Each Clearing Member must register with the Clearing House staff in the manner required for any 
customer authorized by the Clearing Member to submit transactions to the Clearing House pursuant to 
this rule, and must also register with the Clearing House staff the applicable account numbers for each 
such customer.  For each such account, the Clearing Member carrying that account also must submit to 
Clearing House staff in the manner provided the name of any Broker who has registered with Clearing 
House staff for services provided under this rule, and who is authorized by the customer to act on its 
behalf in the submission of Transactions pursuant to this rule and related activity.  For any such Brokers 
authorized by the customer and submitted to Clearing House staff by the Clearing Member, such 
submission to Clearing House staff of the Broker’s information by the Clearing Member will not 
constitute an endorsement or ratification of the customer's authorization of the Broker. Moreover, 
submission of a Broker authorized by a customer will not mean that the Clearing Member is in privity 
with, has a relationship with or is otherwise standing behind any of the customer's authorized Brokers, 
and the Clearing Member will have no responsibility for any such Brokers selected by the customer and 
no duty or obligation to supervise the activities of any such Brokers. 
D.  For each account number that has been registered with the Clearing House staff pursuant to Section 
C of this rule, a credit check or explicit clearing member acceptance or rejection of a transaction must 
occur depending on the transaction type. 
8F016. 
FINANCIAL CALCULATIONS 
Financial calculations required for OTC Derivatives will be performed by CME Clearing on the date such 
OTC Derivatives are cleared in the Clearing House in accordance with CME Clearing’s procedures.  
Financial calculations for OTC Derivatives that are received and processed after the daily clearing cycle 
will be performed on the next Business Day.  
8F018. 
OTC FX OPTIONS INFORMATION SUBMISSIONS 
1. 
Each OTC FX Options Clearing Member or a third-party approved to act on its behalf shall submit 
the OTC FX Options Information Submission File on each Business Day at the time specified by the 
Clearing House for all FX Options required by the Clearing House.  The information submitted by 
an OTC FX Clearing Member in the OTC FX Options Information Submission File shall be 
consistent with the information used by the OTC FX Options Clearing Member for its internal 
valuation of OTC FX Options. 
2. 
During a calendar month that is not during a Base Cooling Off Period, an OTC FX Options Clearing 
Member will be assessed a penalty per Failed OTC FX Options Submission based on the following 
table: 
 
# of Failed OTC FX Options 
Submissions for that month 
Penalty per Failed OTC FX 
Options Submission 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 7 of 7 
1 
0 
2 
$5,000 
3 
$25,000 
4+ 
$50,000 
 
During a Base Cooling Off Period, an OTC FX Options Clearing Member will be assessed a penalty per 
Failed OTC FX Options Submission based on the following table: 
 
# of Failed OTC FX Options 
Submissions for that month 
Penalty per Failed OTC FX 
Options Submission 
1 
0 
2 
$15,000 
3 
$75,000 
4+ 
$150,000 
 
Penalties shall be assessed monthly and payable with the Base Guaranty Fund payment cycle.  In addition, 
the OTC FX Options Clearing Member may be referred to the Clearing House Risk Committee for further 
discipline 
1. As used herein: 
 
“Failed OTC FX Options Submission” means a failure to submit (i) all or a portion of an OTC FX 
Options Information Submission File at or prior to the time designated by the Clearing House or (ii) the 
OTC FX Options Information Submission File in the proper format. 
 
“OTC FX Options Clearing Member” means an OTC FX Clearing Member clearing OTC FX Options. 
 
“OTC FX Options Information Submission File” means the file containing the requested market data, 
internal price levels and such other information as specified by the Clearing House for each 
moneyness/expiry/currency pair combination. 
8F025.    
ACTIVE BASE OTC DEFAULT MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE 
 
The Active Base OTC Default Management Committee shall be established to provide the Clearing 
House with advice regarding the potential or actual default of a Base OTC Clearing Member and the 
management of the liquidation and/or transfer of such Base OTC Clearing Member’s portfolio of OTC 
Derivatives, including advice relating to the hedging of risk associated with such Base OTC Clearing 
Member’s portfolio, the structuring of such Base OTC Clearing Member’s portfolio for liquidation or 
transfer, and the administration of the related default auction process.  The Active Base OTC Default 
Management Committee shall also participate in OTC Derivative default drill exercises. 
The Active Base OTC Default Management Committee will be comprised of traders (on a rotating basis 
determined by the Clearing House) that are nominated by Base OTC Clearing Members in accordance 
with Rule 8F004 and approved by the Clearing House. 
In the event of a potential or actual default of a Base OTC Clearing Member, the Active Base OTC 
Default Management Committee shall be convened and the Clearing House will undertake a series of 
processes to protect itself and its counterparties (such processes, as amended from time to time in 
consultation with the Clearing House Risk Committee, the “Base OTC Default Management Plan”). 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 24 
Chapter 8-G 
Interest Rate Derivative Clearing 
8G01. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter sets forth the rules governing clearing and settlement of all IRS Products. In the event 
there is a conflict between a rule in this Chapter 8G and another rule in the Rulebooks, the Rule in 
this Chapter 8G shall supersede the conflicting rule with respect to IRS Contracts. Rulebook 
Chapter 8-F and Rules 802, 813, 816, 913, 930 and 975 shall not apply to IRS Contracts, except 
for Rule 818 which shall supersede the rules in this chapter 8G. Chapter 6 shall be modified for IRS 
Contracts as set forth below.  
8G02.  
DEFINITIONS 
AFFILIATE  
With respect to an IRS Clearing Member, any person or entity is an Affiliate of such IRS Clearing 
Member if such person or entity directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, 
owns, is controlled by or is under common control with such IRS Clearing Member. 
IRS ADVISORY COMMITTEE 
The IRS Advisory Committee shall be a committee having the powers set forth in Rule 8G26. 
IRS DEFAULT MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE 
The Default Management Committee shall be a committee having the powers set forth in Rule 
8G25. 
IRS PRODUCT CATEGORY 
Each category and sub-category of IRS as determined by the Clearing House for default 
management purposes. 
IRS RISK COMMITTEE 
The IRS Risk Committee shall be a committee having the powers set forth in Rule 8G27. 
8G03.  
CLASSIFICATION OF POSITIONS 
IRS Contracts submitted for clearing by an IRS Clearing Member for its proprietary account shall be 
assigned to and held in a proprietary account of such IRS Clearing Member. All collateral deposited 
as performance bond to support positions in the proprietary account of an IRS Clearing Member 
shall be deemed the property of the IRS Clearing Member and shall be subject to the Exchange’s 
lien and security rights as described in Rule 8G08.  
IRS Contracts submitted for clearing for the account of an IRS Clearing Member’s Cleared Swaps 
Customers shall be assigned and held in a Cleared Swaps Customer Account of such IRS Clearing 
Member. All IRS Clearing Members must comply with the requirements set forth in CME Rule 971 
for such Cleared Swaps Customer Accounts. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the CFTC issues an order permitting IRS Clearing Members to 
commingle customer funds used to margin particular IRS Contracts that are cleared by the Clearing 
House with other funds held in CEA Section 4d(a)(2) customer segregated accounts, such 
positions may be held in the customer segregated accounts of an IRS Clearing Member and, if so 
held, all collateral deposited as performance bond to support such positions and all settlement 
variation payments made to such accounts shall be commingled with similar property of regulated 
customers. All IRS Clearing Members must comply with the requirements set forth in CME Rule 
971 for such customer segregated accounts. 
8G04. 
IRS CLEARING MEMBER OBLIGATIONS AND QUALIFICATIONS 
IRS Clearing Members shall be subject to the requirements for IRS Clearing Members set forth in 
Chapter 8G, all CME Rules applicable to IRS Products, and the Clearing House Manual of 
Operations unless an exemption has been granted by the Clearing House Risk Committee or the 
IRS Risk Committee, as applicable.  In addition, IRS Clearing Members are subject to all CME, 
CBOT and NYMEX Rules, as applicable, when clearing products traded on, or subject to the rules 
of, CME, CBOT or NYMEX.  IRS Clearing Members must execute all agreements and documents 
required by the Clearing House.  
An IRS Clearing Member must satisfy the requirements set forth below: 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 24 
1. An IRS Clearing Member must be in compliance with all applicable regulatory capital 
requirements and it must maintain minimum capital (as defined in CFTC Regulation 39.12(a) (2)) of 
$50 million.  For an IRS Clearing Member that is a bank, “capital” shall mean Tier 1 Capital (as 
defined in accordance with regulation applicable to the relevant bank and acceptable to the 
Clearing House or, in the absence of any such regulation, as defined by the Basel Committee on 
Banking Supervision of the Bank for International Settlements). 
2. The capital requirement with respect to the participation of an IRS Clearing Member in the 
Clearing House shall be scalable to the risks posed by such IRS Clearing Member. Accordingly, an 
IRS Clearing Member must maintain capital (as defined in 8G04.1 above) at least equal to 20% of 
the aggregate performance bond requirement for its proprietary and customer IRS Contracts.  
3. An IRS Clearing Member and any applicant for IRS clearing membership shall be engaged in or 
demonstrate immediate capacity to engage in the conduct of the business of a IRS Clearing 
Member and to perform all other obligations of a IRS Clearing Member as described or referenced 
in these Rules, including the ability to properly risk manage IRS Products, monitor IRS Product 
exposures and comply with default management obligations. In the event that a IRS Clearing 
Member does not have the capabilities to perform such responsibilities or obligations, such IRS 
Clearing Member may contract with a third party (including an Affiliate) to fulfill certain operational 
or risk requirements; provided that all agreements relating to such service shall be subject to the 
prior review and approval by the Clearing House staff and consultation with the IRS Risk 
Committee. The Clearing House may impose limitations on IRS Clearing Member utilization of 
service providers, including limitations on the number of IRS Clearing Members to which a service 
provider may provide services. Notwithstanding the above, each IRS Clearing Member remains 
liable to the Clearing House for failure to comply with the obligations of an IRS Clearing Member. 
4. Upon Clearing House request, each IRS Clearing Member shall submit nominations for an 
Independent Member of the IRS Risk Committee. 
5. When required by the rotation established by the Clearing House, each IRS Clearing Member 
shall make at least one trader per IRS Product Category available to the Clearing House to 
participate in the IRS Default Management Committee immediately upon notice from the Clearing 
House that it is convening the IRS Default Management Committee for (i) a potential or actual 
default of an IRS Clearing Member or (ii) for IRS default drill exercises. 
Upon acceptance as an IRS Clearing Member and upon any update request by the Clearing 
House, each IRS Clearing Member shall provide a list of traders (at least one primary and one 
backup per IRS Product Category) that the IRS Clearing Member nominates for the IRS Default 
Management Committee. Any such trader shall have a title at the level of Vice President (or 
equivalent title) or above and/or shall have the minimum level of experience the Clearing House 
deems necessary for the relevant IRS Product Category. IRS Clearing Members shall make traders 
available for each IRS Product Category as requested by the Clearing House until the later of (i) 
the end of the relevant default management process or drill or (ii) the end of such traders’ rotation.  
6. Each IRS Clearing Member shall bid in each hedging or liquidation auction conducted by the 
Clearing House for part or all of a defaulted IRS Clearing Member’s IRS Contracts (each a “Default 
Management Auction”), as required by the Clearing House. Each IRS Clearing Member shall 
participate in IRS default drill exercises as prescribed by the Clearing House. Each IRS Clearing 
Member shall have the ability to provide quotations to CME for hedging transactions for the IRS 
portfolio of a defaulted IRS Clearing Member. 
7. Each IRS Clearing Member shall participate in each IRS Liquidity Poll (“Poll”) for each IRS 
Product currency in which the IRS Clearing Member has open interest, unless exempted by the 
Clearing House for that currency. A Clearing Member’s failure to provide required Poll 
submissions by the deadline established by the Clearing House may result in the IRS Clearing 
Member being assessed a monetary penalty up to $50,000 and/or referred to the IRS Risk 
Committee for disciplinary action, in accordance with established CME Clearing procedures. 
Assessed penalties shall be added to the CME IRS Contribution within the IRS Priority of 
Payments as outlined at CME Rule 8G802.B. 
 
8. Each IRS Clearing Member shall use systems and appropriate procedures to track accurately, 
and to provide to the Clearing House accurately, the IRS positions and collateral of each of its 
cleared swaps customers.  
9. An IRS Clearing Member must comply with the financial requirements set forth in CME Rule 
970. However, if the IRS Clearing Member is regulated by another regulatory authority, then it 
shall submit to CME annual audited financial statements as well as all unaudited financial 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 24 
statements provided to its primary regulator within five days after such statements are provided to 
its regulator. All financial statements shall be in the English language. 
10. The books and records of an IRS Clearing Member regarding IRS Contracts cleared by the 
Clearing House shall be made promptly available for inspection upon request by CME and such 
books and records shall be subject to reasonable standards of confidentiality. 
11. Each IRS Clearing Member that is a Futures Commission Merchant shall keep the types of 
information and records that are described in Section 4g of the Commodity Exchange Act and 
CFTC regulations thereunder including, but not limited to, Regulation 1.35, with respect to all IRS 
Contracts submitted for clearing. 
8G05.  
SUBSTITUTION AND TIMEFRAME OF ACCEPTANCE FOR CLEARING 
If an IRS Product or a portfolio of IRS Products (i) is submitted by IRS Clearing Members who are 
in good standing, (ii) was executed and submitted in accordance with the rules governing such IRS 
Product and (iii) does not exceed the credit limits established by the Clearing House for the IRS 
Clearing Member submitting such IRS Product or portfolio of IRS Products, then the Clearing 
House shall substitute itself as the counterparty to each party of each original transaction and there 
shall be two equal and offsetting contracts for each original transaction as follows: one between the 
original buyer and the Clearing House, as seller and one between the original seller and the 
Clearing House, as buyer.  
An existing IRS Product or portfolio of IRS Products (i.e., a backloaded trade) submitted to the 
Clearing House for clearing, shall be guaranteed by the Clearing House at the time payment of 
initial settlement of mark to market, performance bond and any other applicable initial OTC cash 
flows for such IRS Product or portfolio of IRS Products, in accordance with the procedures set forth 
in Rule 814, is confirmed by the appropriate settlement bank for both IRS Clearing Members. The 
Clearing House shall substitute itself as the counterparty to each party to the original transaction at 
the time of guarantee. 
With regard to an IRS Product submitted for clearing that is executed on or subject to the rules of a 
Designated Contract Market or a Swap Execution Facility, the Clearing House shall accept or reject 
such OTC Derivative for clearing in accordance with the time frames required under CFTC 
Regulation 39.12(b)(7)(B)(ii). Except with respect to a backloaded trade, an IRS Product submitted 
for clearing that is not executed on or subject to the rules of a Designated Contract Market or a 
Swap Execution Facility, or that is executed noncompetitively on or subject to the rules of a 
Designated Contract Market or a Swap Execution Facility, shall be accepted or rejected for clearing 
in accordance with the time frames required under CFTC Regulation 39.12(b)(7)(B)(iii).The IRS 
Clearing Member shall be deemed the principal to the IRS Contract when cleared by such IRS 
Clearing Member for its own proprietary account and shall be deemed a guarantor and agent of the 
IRS Contract when cleared by such IRS Clearing Member for the account of an affiliate or customer 
of such IRS Clearing Member. 
8G06.  
[RESERVED] 
8G07. 
IRS FINANCIAL SAFEGUARDS AND GUARANTY FUND DEPOSIT  
1. 
(i) 
The Clearing House shall establish a financial safeguards package to support IRS 
clearing, and each IRS Clearing Member shall make an IRS Guaranty Fund deposit with 
the Clearing House.  An IRS Clearing Member’s deposit to the IRS Guaranty Fund and 
assessments against it pursuant to these Rules may be used to cover losses incurred by 
the Clearing House if a defaulted IRS Clearing Member’s assets, including amounts 
available pursuant to any guarantee from an Affiliate of an IRS Clearing Member, 
available to the Clearing House are insufficient to cover such loss, regardless of the cause 
of default.  The Clearing House shall calculate the requirements for the IRS financial 
safeguards package, which shall be composed of: 
 
 
(a) 
a funded portion, determined by the Clearing House using stress test 
methodology equal to the theoretical two largest IRS Clearing Member losses 
produced by such stress test or such other methodology determined by the IRS Risk 
Committee (such amount, the “IRS Guaranty Fund”), where the risk of each IRS 
Clearing Member and its Affiliate(s) are taken into account in calculations sizing the 
IRS Guaranty Fund; and  
(b) 
an unfunded portion, determined by the Clearing House using stress test 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 4 of 24 
methodology equal to the theoretical third and fourth largest IRS Clearing Member 
losses produced by such stress test (and assuming for purposes of the model that 
already-defaulted IRS Clearing Members will fail to contribute) or such other 
methodology determined by the IRS Risk Committee.  Upon a default, after 
application of the IRS Guaranty Fund, each IRS Clearing Member (excluding any 
insolvent or defaulted IRS Clearing Member) shall be subject to assessment of its 
previously-assigned proportionate share of such amount (collectively the “IRS 
Assessments”). 
 
(ii) Each IRS Clearing Member’s minimum contribution to the IRS Guaranty Fund shall be the 
greater of: 
(a) 
 such IRS Clearing Member's proportionate share of the IRS Guaranty Fund 
based on the 30-day trailing average of its potential residual loss (“PRL”) and the 30-
day trailing average gross notional open interest outstanding at the Clearing House 
(or in either case, such other shorter time interval determined by the IRS Risk 
Committee); or  
 (b) 
$15,000,000.  
(iii)  Notwithstanding CME Rule 8G802.H, any IRS Clearing Member whose trader fails to 
attend during an Active IRS Default Management Committee related to a potential or actual 
default will have its IRS Guaranty Fund contribution requirement increased by the Specified 
Attendance Failure Amount for the 12-month period commencing the date upon which the 
trader was originally expected to attend the Active IRS Default Management Committee.  
Such increased amount will be available to be used pursuant to CME Rule 8G802 for any 
IRS Losses occurring during such 12-month period (including any IRS Losses related to the 
default for which the relevant Active IRS Default Management Committee was convened).  
In addition, the IRS Clearing Member may be referred to the IRS Risk Committee for further 
discipline.  Clearing House staff may grant an exception to the increase of an IRS Clearing 
Member’s IRS Guaranty Fund contribution provided by this Rule 8G07.1(iii) for good cause 
shown by the affected IRS Clearing Member.  
 
“Specified Attendance Failure Amount” means, for an IRS Clearing Member whose trader 
fails to attend an Active IRS Default Management Committee, an amount equal to the 
product of (i) the aggregate Specified Attendance Failure Percentages for such IRS 
Clearing Member and (ii) such IRS Clearing Member’s contribution to the IRS Guaranty 
Fund at the beginning of the IRS Cooling-off Period during which the relevant Active IRS 
Default Management Committee was convened, subject to: 
(x) 
a minimum amount equal to 50% of the amount specified in Rule 
8G07.1(ii)(b); and  
(y) 
a maximum amount equal to the lesser of (i) 10% of the IRS Guaranty Fund 
at the beginning of the IRS Cooling-off Period during which the relevant Active IRS 
Default Management Committee was convened and (ii) such IRS Clearing Member’s 
contribution to the IRS Guaranty Fund at the beginning of the IRS Cooling-off Period 
during which the relevant Active IRS Default Management Committee was convened.  
For the avoidance of doubt, in the event the minimum amount calculated under (x) exceeds the 
maximum amount calculated under (y), the maximum amount as calculated under (y) shall be 
applied. 
“Specified Attendance Failure Percentage” means:  
(x)  
50%, for each failure of a swaptions trader required to attend or for each 
failure of a trader for interest rate swaps denominated in USD, EUR or GBP required to 
attend, or  
(y)  
25%, for each failure of any non-swaptions trader for interest rate swaps 
denominated in a currency other than USD, EUR or GBP required to attend.  
2. The Clearing House shall calculate the aggregate required IRS Guaranty Fund and IRS 
Assessments on at least a monthly basis, as well as each IRS Clearing Member’s required 
contribution to the Guaranty Fund and its maximum IRS Assessment.    
Following any recalculation the Clearing House shall provide a report to each IRS Clearing Member 
showing the detail of its required deposit to the IRS Guaranty Fund and its maximum IRS 
Assessment.  The notice shall specify the amount of any required additional deposit or any excess 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 5 of 24 
in the then-existing deposit amount. In the event that an interim report is issued within five business 
days prior to the regularly scheduled monthly report, the Clearing House may opt to forego the 
issuance of an additional month-end report, provided that the amount of resources required has not 
changed substantially during this period. An IRS Clearing Member shall make any required 
additional deposit within two business days after delivery of such report and any reported excess 
may be withdrawn.   
3.  If the Clearing House determines that an additional deposit to the IRS Guaranty Fund is required 
from an IRS Clearing Member due to a material change in the business of such IRS Clearing 
Member (for example, but without limitation, changes pursuant to a merger or a bulk transfer of 
customer positions), where such change produces an increase in such IRS Clearing Member’s 
aggregate performance bond requirements of 10% or greater, the Clearing House shall notify such 
IRS Clearing Member of the additional requirement and the IRS Clearing Member shall make any 
required deposit no later than the second business day following delivery of such notice. 
4. Any changes to the methodology for calculating the IRS Guaranty Fund and IRS Assessments 
as described in this Rule 8G07.1 or 8G07.2 that results in a 15% increase to the IRS Guaranty 
Fund and IRS Assessments over a 30 day period shall be effective on the earlier to occur of (i) the 
20th Business Day following the date the Clearing House provides notice to IRS Clearing Members 
of such change and (ii) the date reasonably determined by the IRS Risk Committee (which shall be 
no less than two Business Days following notice of such change to the IRS Clearing Members) if 
such increase is due to applicable law, regulation or regulatory request.  IRS Clearing Members 
shall make any required additional deposit on or prior to the date such change is effective. 
Upon receipt of notice of a 15% increase to the IRS Guaranty Fund and IRS Assessments pursuant 
to the preceding paragraph, an IRS Clearing Member may immediately notify the Clearing House 
and such IRS Clearing Member’s customers of its intent to withdraw from status as an IRS Clearing 
Member.  The notice shall specify that customers must close out or transfer to another IRS 
Clearing Member their affected open positions, and that the withdrawing IRS Clearing Member 
shall have the right to liquidate any customer positions that remain open on its books after 10 
business days have passed from the customers’ receipt of such notice.  If any customer fails to 
close out or transfer to another IRS Clearing Member during such 10 business day period, the IRS 
Clearing Member shall have the right to liquidate any such customer position that remains open on 
its books. 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Rule 8G07.4 shall apply to any increase to the IRS 
Guaranty Fund and IRS Assessments resulting from periodic calculations of the IRS Guaranty 
Fund and IRS Assessments pursuant to Rule 8G07.2 or any additional deposit to the IRS Guaranty 
Fund required by an individual IRS Clearing Members pursuant to Rule 8G07.3. 
8G08. 
LIEN ON COLLATERAL 
Each IRS Clearing Member hereby grants to the Clearing House to secure obligations of such IRS 
Clearing Member to the Clearing House a first priority and unencumbered security interest and lien 
against any property, cash, securities or collateral deposited with, transferred or pledged to, or 
otherwise where control is given to the Clearing House by the IRS Clearing Member. IRS Clearing 
Members shall take any action that may be required by the Clearing House to create, preserve, perfect, 
validate or enforce any such security interest. 
8G09. 
CUSTOMER REGISTRATION 
All IRS Contracts including, but not limited to, give-ups or transfers that are cleared at CME shall be 
identified with an account number which identifies the originator of that transaction, specifying whether 
the transaction was executed as a proprietary transaction of the IRS Clearing Member or arises from a 
transaction by a customer. IRS Clearing Members shall register, on CME-approved forms, all of the 
“ultimate” (or end) customer.  
8G10 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
 
IRS Clearing Members will be subject to risk management and monitoring practices by CME relating to 
transactions submitted to the Clearing House. IRS Clearing Members shall promptly provide all 
information requested by Clearing House staff, including, without limitation, information respecting risk, 
settlement, liquidity, and operational issues. IRS Clearing Members shall make information and 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 6 of 24 
documents regarding their risk management policies, procedures and practices available to the CFTC 
upon the CFTC’s request.  
In limited circumstances, the Clearing House may decline to accept certain IRS Product trades or 
migration positions if the Clearing House determines in good faith that, based on the exercise of prudent 
risk management standards, the Clearing House should not accept the IRS Product trades or migration 
positions. In the event that the Clearing House declines to accept certain IRS Product trades or 
migration positions, it shall incur no liability with respect to the trades and positions that are not 
accepted. It shall be the sole responsibility of the IRS Clearing Members who are parties to such trades 
or positions to take action as they deem necessary or proper for their own protection.   
In addition, if the Clearing House determines in good faith that, based on the exercise of prudent risk 
management standards, that an IRS Clearing Member poses undue risk to the Clearing House based 
on its IRS Product portfolio, the Clearing House may take any or all of the following actions with respect 
to such IRS Clearing Member: 1) impose an additional performance bond requirement; 2) prohibit the 
addition of any new IRS Contract positions, or 3) require the reduction or unwinding of IRS Contract 
positions. 
IRS Clearing Members shall permit on-site risk reviews in accordance with CME Rules and subject to 
reasonable standards of confidentiality. IRS Clearing Members will also be subject to on-going oversight 
by the IRS Risk Committee regarding their IRS activities related to the CME Clearing House. All such 
inquiries shall be conducted in a manner consistent with oversight of IRS Clearing Members and in 
accordance with reasonable standards of confidentiality. 
8G11-13.  [RESERVED] 
8G14. 
MITIGATION OF IRS LOSS 
In the event of a default by an IRS Clearing Member, all IRS Clearing Members shall work 
cooperatively with their customers, other IRS Clearing Members and the Clearing House to 
administer the mitigation of any losses that may occur as a result of such default and shall ensure 
that resources required to be provided by IRS Clearing Members to the IRS Default Management 
Committee are promptly made available. 
IRS Clearing Members shall work cooperatively with the Clearing House, the IRS Risk Committee 
and the IRS Default Management Committee to (i) mitigate any losses that may occur as a result of 
a default, (ii) liquidate the defaulted IRS Clearing Member’s IRS Contracts, (iii) bid in each Default 
Management Auction as required by the Clearing House and (iv) take any other action reasonably 
requested by the IRS Risk Committee. 
8G15. 
[RESERVED] 
8G16.  
FINANCIAL CALCULATIONS 
Financial calculations required for IRS Contracts will be performed by CME Clearing on the date such IRS 
Contracts are cleared in the Clearing House in accordance with CME Clearing’s procedures. Financial 
calculations for IRS Contracts that are received and processed after the daily clearing cycle will be 
performed on the next Business Day. 
8G17. 
IRS CLEARING SERVICE ACCESS  
CME shall provide open access to its IRS Contract clearing services for any execution venue or 
trade processing or confirmation service that desires to facilitate the submission of IRS Product 
transactions to the Clearing House for clearing, subject to the Clearing House’s normal operational 
requirements applied to all such third-party services, including the requirement, in this instance, 
that an IRS Clearing Member guaranty all transactions in IRS Products that are submitted to the 
Clearing House for clearing.  
8G18. 
IRS SWAPTIONS MEMBERSHIP 
8G18.A.  
IRS Swaptions Eligibility 
1.  An IRS Clearing Member interested in clearing IRS Swaptions must demonstrate to CME 
Clearing it has the ability, commitment and expertise to risk manage IRS Swaptions and has the 
operational capability to clear IRS Swaptions. 
2.  IRS Clearing Members interested in clearing IRS Swaptions are required to respond to a 
questionnaire and are subject to CME Clearing diligence for assessment that such IRS Clearing 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 7 of 24 
Member has sufficient internal market risk, credit risk and operational risk processes and 
management frameworks to clear IRS Swaptions, including the ability to properly measure, monitor 
and limit risks associated with clearing IRS Swaptions. 
3.  Each IRS Swaptions Clearing Member shall submit to ongoing diligence reviews by CME 
Clearing. 
4.  Each IRS Swaptions Clearing Member shall nominate IRS Swaptions trader(s) to the IRS Default 
Management Committee. 
5.  “ 
IRS Swaptions Clearing Member” means an IRS Clearing Member that has been approved by 
the Clearing House as eligible to clear IRS Swaptions. 
8G18.B.  
IRS Swaptions Information Submissions 
1.  Each IRS Swaptions Clearing Member shall submit the IRS Swaptions Information Submission 
File on each Business Day at the time specified by the Clearing House for each IRS Swaptions 
currency it is eligible to clear.  The information submitted by an IRS Swaptions Clearing Member in 
the IRS Swaptions Information Submission File shall be consistent with the information used by the 
IRS Swaptions Clearing Member for its internal valuation of IRS Swaptions. 
“IRS Swaptions Information Submission File” means the file containing the requested market data, 
internal price levels and such other information as specified by the Clearing House for each 
moneyness/expiry/tenor combination. 
2.  “Failed IRS Swaptions Submission” means a failure to submit (i) all or a portion of an IRS 
Swaptions Information Submission File at or prior to the time designated by the Clearing House or 
(ii) the IRS Swaptions Information Submission File in the proper format. 
3.  During a calendar month that is not during an IRS Cooling Off Period, an IRS Swaptions Clearing 
Member will be assessed a penalty per Failed IRS Swaptions Submission based on the following 
table: 
 
# of Failed IRS Swaptions 
Submissions for that month 
Penalty per Failed IRS 
Swaptions Submission 
1 
0 
2 
$10,000 
3 
$50,000 
4+ 
$100,000 
 
During an IRS Cooling Off Period, an IRS Swaptions Clearing Member will be assessed a 
penalty per Failed IRS Swaptions Submission based on the following table: 
 
# of Failed IRS Swaptions 
Submissions for that month 
Penalty per Failed IRS 
Swaptions Submission 
1 
0 
2 
$30,000 
3 
$150,000 
4+ 
$300,000 
 
Penalties shall be assessed monthly and payable with the IRS Guaranty Fund payment cycle.  
In addition, the IRS Swaptions Clearing Member may be referred to the IRS Risk Committee 
for further discipline. Penalties from Failed IRS Swaptions Submissions shall become part of 
the IRS Priority of Payments as additional CME IRS Contribution to the IRS Priority of 
Payments pursuant to CME Rule 8G802 and shall be applied to IRS Losses on a pro rata 
basis with other CME IRS Contribution. 
8G18.C. Withdrawal from IRS Swaptions Clearing Membership   
An IRS Swaptions Clearing Member that intends to no longer be eligible to clear IRS Swaptions 
shall provide written notice of such intent to the Clearing House.  The IRS Swaptions Clearing 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 8 of 24 
Member’s withdrawal shall be effective on the earlier of (i) the date Clearing House Staff approves 
such withdrawal and (ii) the 10th Business Day following the date of the clearing cycle in which the 
withdrawing IRS Swaptions Clearing Member liquidates or transfers to an appropriate IRS 
Swaptions Clearing Member all of its open customer and house positions in IRS Swaptions (such 
earlier date, the “IRS Swaptions Withdrawal Date”).  Promptly following the IRS Swaptions 
Withdrawal Date, the Clearing House shall post a notice of the IRS Swaptions Clearing Member’s 
withdrawal from its eligibility to clear IRS Swaptions. 
An IRS Swaptions Clearing Member withdrawing with an IRS Swaptions Withdrawal Date that is 
not during an IRS Cooling Off Period will not be responsible for the requirements of an IRS 
Swaptions Clearing Member following the IRS Swaptions Withdrawal Date.  An IRS Swaptions 
Clearing Member withdrawing with an IRS Swaptions Withdrawal Date during an IRS Cooling Off 
Period shall remain liable for all requirements of IRS Swaptions Clearing Members until the end of 
the IRS Cooling Off Period in which it withdraws from eligibility to clear IRS Swaptions. 
An IRS Swaptions Clearing Member may withdraw from eligibility to clear IRS Swaptions without 
withdrawing as an IRS Clearing Member. 
8G19-24.  [RESERVED] 
8G25. 
IRS DEFAULT MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE 
In the event of a potential or actual default with respect to IRS Contracts, an IRS Default 
Management Committee shall be convened which shall be comprised of traders nominated by IRS 
Clearing Members and approved by the Clearing House. The purpose of this committee shall be to 
advise the Clearing House with respect to issues arising from the potential or actual default of an 
IRS Clearing Member and to manage the process of the liquidation and/or transfer of such IRS 
Clearing Member’s portfolio of IRS Contracts. Such advice may include advice on hedging the risk 
associated with a defaulted IRS Clearing Member’s portfolio, structuring the defaulted IRS Clearing 
Member’s portfolio for liquidation or transfer, and administration of the Default Management Auction 
process. 
8G26. 
[RESERVED] 
8G27. 
IRS RISK COMMITTEE 
There shall be an IRS Risk Committee which shall serve to provide guidance to the Clearing House 
on general matters relating to IRS Products including risk management policies and practices. In 
addition to the responsibilities set forth in these Rules, the IRS Risk Committee shall have the 
composition, responsibilities and other characteristics as set forth in its Charter. 
The IRS Risk Committee may conduct investigations, issue charges and consider offers of 
settlement with respect to violations of these Rules as relate to IRS Clearing on its own initiative or 
by referral from Clearing House staff.  
If the IRS Risk Committee determines that a IRS Clearing Member fails to meet the requirements 
for being a IRS Clearing Member or is in a financial or operational condition which jeopardizes or 
may jeopardize the integrity of the Clearing House, the IRS Risk Committee may, by majority vote:  
1. Order the IRS Clearing Member or its customers to deposit such additional performance bond 
with the Clearing House as deemed appropriate to protect the integrity of open contracts; 
2.  Prescribe such additional capital or other financial requirements as it deems appropriate; 
3.  Impose position limits on IRS Clearing Members based on their regulatory capital and such 
other criteria as it deems appropriate;  
4. Suspend a IRS Clearing Member, subject to approval of any two of the following individuals: the 
Chief Executive Officer, Global Head of Clearing & Post-Trade Services, Chairman of the Board, 
Chairman of the IRS Risk Committee or Chairman of the Clearing House Oversight Committee; 
5. Order the IRS Clearing Member to cease and desist from the conduct found to be contrary to the 
best interests of the Clearing House; and/or 
6. Order the liquidation or transfer of all or a portion of the open positions of the IRS Clearing 
Member; provided that all costs associated with any such liquidation and/or transfer shall solely be 
obligations of the IRS Clearing Member. 
No person shall serve on the IRS Risk Committee unless he has agreed in writing that he will not 
publish, divulge, or make known in any manner, any facts or information regarding the business of 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 9 of 24 
any person or entity or any other information which may come to his attention in his official capacity 
as a member of the IRS Risk Committee, except when reporting to the Board or to a committee 
concerned with such information or to the Legal Department, Financial & Regulatory Surveillance 
Department or Market Regulation Department, when requested by the CFTC or other governmental 
agency or self regulatory organization or when compelled in any judicial or administrative 
proceeding. 
All information and documents provided to the IRS Risk Committee and all deliberations and 
documents related thereto shall be treated as non-public and confidential and, subject to the 
provisions in the previous paragraph, shall not be disclosed, except as necessary to further a 
Clearing House investigation or as required by law. 
The IRS Risk Committee shall have jurisdiction to enforce Rules pertaining to the following:  
1. Financial integrity of IRS Clearing Members; and 
2. Business conduct of and compliance with Rules by IRS Clearing Members. 
8G28. 
WIND UP OF IRS CLEARING OPERATIONS 
Without prejudice to any other provision within this chapter 8G, the Exchange may wind-up clearing 
operations for IRS Products in the following situations: 
(a) As a result of a default in which the IRS financial safeguards package is exceeded, producing 
an IRS Termination Event, as defined in Rule 8G802.B.5.  In such case, the Clearing House 
shall close out all open IRS Contracts in accordance with the provisions of Rule 8G802.B.6. 
(b) Following a default, during an IRS Cooling Off Period, as defined in Rule 8G802.H.  In such 
case, the Clearing House shall provide such advance notice of termination as it determines to 
be reasonable and may establish other risk-reducing requirements, in both cases in 
consultation with the IRS Risk Committee.  In such case, the Clearing House shall work with 
the IRS Risk Committee and IRS Clearing Members to provide for bulk porting of IRS 
Contracts and collateral to another clearing house that is willing to receive such positions, 
liquidation and/or termination of IRS Contracts, to the extent practicable under the 
circumstances.  The final close-out of any open IRS Contracts on the termination date shall be 
conducted as set forth below. 
(c) Upon the determination of the Exchange to cease providing clearing services for IRS Products 
for any reason.  Without prejudice to (b) above, in such case, the Clearing House shall provide 
not less than 90 days written notice to IRS Clearing Members and market participants of the 
final date of termination.  The Clearing House shall work with the IRS Risk Committee and IRS 
Clearing Members to ensure an orderly termination process, including providing for bulk 
porting of IRS Contracts and collateral to another clearing house that is willing to receive such 
positions, and liquidation and/or termination of IRS Contracts.  The final close-out of any open 
IRS Contracts on the termination date shall be conducted as set forth below. 
If clearing services for IRS Products are terminated pursuant to paragraph (b) or (c) above, on the 
effective date of termination specified in the notice, the Clearing House shall fix a U.S. dollar 
amount (the “Close-out Value”) to be paid to or received from the Clearing House in respect of all 
IRS Contracts to be terminated, by conducting a special settlement cycle to determine a final 
settlement price for all open IRS Contracts.  Using such Close-out Value, the Clearing House shall 
determine for each IRS Clearing Member its total net pay obligation to, or net collect expectation 
from, the Clearing House in respect of its terminated proprietary and customer positions in IRS 
Contracts, if any.  The Clearing House shall make payment to each IRS Clearing Member with a 
net collect, and each IRS Clearing Member with a net pay shall pay such amount to the Clearing 
House.  The Clearing House may require pays from IRS Clearing Members to be funded 
immediately prior to making payment on collects.  If any IRS Clearing Member fails to make a final 
payment to the Clearing House pursuant to this Rule 8G28, it shall be declared in default and the 
Clearing House shall process the default in accordance with Rule 8G802 as part of the final 
termination process.  Promptly following the termination of all open IRS Contracts pursuant to this 
Rule 8G28 the Clearing House shall release to IRS Clearing Members their remaining contributions 
to the IRS Guaranty Fund. 
8G29-599.  [RESERVED] 
8G600. 
DISPUTES RELATING TO IRS PRODUCTS 
Neither the Clearing House nor any committee of the Exchange shall address disputes among IRS 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 10 of 24 
Clearing Members and/or IRS Participants relating to any matter regarding the execution of any 
IRS Contract or any IRS Product.  A sub-committee of the IRS Advisory Committee shall be 
responsible for the arbitration of disputes and claims among IRS Clearing Members, clients and/or 
CME relating to the submission of IRS Products for clearing at the Clearing House and other 
matters related to clearing at the Clearing House.  The Chairman of the IRS Advisory Committee 
shall have the discretion to determine whether the dispute is or is not arbitrable under these Rules.   
8G601-801. [RESERVED] 
8G802. 
PROTECTION OF CLEARING HOUSE 
8G802.A.  
Default by IRS Clearing Member 
The Clearing House shall establish a separate guaranty fund for IRS Contracts (the “IRS Guaranty 
Fund”).  Each IRS Clearing Member shall contribute to the IRS Guaranty Fund in accordance with 
the requirements of Rule 8G07.  A non-defaulted IRS Clearing Member’s deposit to the IRS 
Guaranty Fund may be applied by the Clearing House in accordance with this Rule 8G802 to 
mitigate any loss to the Clearing House attributable to IRS Contracts and will not be applied to 
losses in any other product classes.   
1. 
Default by IRS Clearing Member 
 
(i) 
If an IRS Clearing Member (i) fails to promptly discharge any obligation to the Clearing 
House or (ii) becomes subject to any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, 
insolvency, moratorium, or liquidation proceedings, or other similar proceedings under 
U.S. federal or state bankruptcy laws or other applicable law, the Clearing House may 
declare such IRS Clearing Member to be in default.  If an Affiliate of an IRS Clearing 
Member fails to discharge any obligation to the Clearing House and the Clearing House 
determines that the default by such Affiliate is likely to cause a default of the IRS Clearing 
Member, the Clearing House may declare such IRS Clearing Member to be in default.   
 
Upon a default, the Clearing House shall act promptly to mitigate any loss caused by such 
default. The Clearing House may engage in any commercially reasonable transaction to 
eliminate or reduce the risk created by the default, including but not limited to, entering 
into hedges, liquidating positions in the market, auctioning or selling a portion or all of the 
portfolio of the defaulting firm and, if applicable, its customers. The Clearing House shall 
maintain procedures for managing the default of an IRS Clearing Member (such 
procedures, the “IRS Default Management Guidelines”). All information received by a 
Clearing Member, its affiliate or customer in connection with the Clearing House’s 
liquidation and default management processes shall be treated as confidential.  
All obligations, costs and expenses incurred thereby shall be an obligation of the defaulted 
IRS Clearing Member to the Clearing House. 
 
(ii) Defaults by different IRS Clearing Members will each be considered a separate default 
event.   After an IRS Clearing Member has been declared in default, subsequent failures 
by such defaulted IRS Clearing Member to discharge any obligation shall be considered 
part of the same original default and shall not be considered separate default events, 
unless and until the original default has been fully resolved and such IRS Clearing 
Member has been restored to good standing or is no longer an IRS Clearing Member.  
(iii) The defaulted IRS Clearing Member shall not take any action that would interfere with the 
ability of the Clearing House to mitigate the loss or to apply the assets of the defaulted 
IRS Clearing Member to offset any loss.  The defaulted IRS Clearing Member shall not file 
any action in any court seeking to stay the actions of the Clearing House with respect to 
the default. 
 
(iv) A defaulted IRS Clearing Member shall immediately make up any deficiencies in its IRS 
Guaranty Fund deposit resulting from such default and in any event no later than the close 
of business on the banking day following demand by the Clearing House.  
2. 
Application of Defaulted IRS Clearing Member’s Collateral; Rights and Obligations of Clearing 
House 
 
Upon the default of an IRS Clearing Member IRS Collateral shall be applied by the Clearing House 
to discharge any loss to the Clearing House associated with such default (an “IRS Loss”) in 
accordance with and subject to this Rule 8G802.  An IRS Loss shall include, but shall not be limited 
to, costs associated with the liquidation, transfer and managing of IRS Contracts of the defaulted 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 11 of 24 
IRS Clearing Member, hedging costs and other costs incurred by the Clearing House related to 
managing the risk surrounding the default of the IRS Clearing Member.  
 
An IRS Loss arising in the defaulted IRS Clearing Member’s proprietary account class shall be 
satisfied from the IRS Collateral.  An IRS Loss resulting from any cleared swaps customer of a 
defaulted IRS Clearing Member shall be satisfied by application of performance bond, excess 
performance bond, other collateral and settlement variation gains (“IRS Customer Collateral”) held 
for the respective cleared swaps customer consistent with Part 22 of the CFTC’s regulations.  After 
finalizing the IRS Loss of the defaulted IRS Clearing Member’s proprietary account, the Clearing 
House shall reserve any excess IRS Collateral that remains first, to satisfy any IRS Loss arising in 
the defaulted IRS Clearing Member’s customer account class for IRS Contracts, and second, to 
satisfy any losses to the Clearing House arising in other product classes, including, but not limited 
to, pursuant to Rule 818; provided however that such excess IRS Collateral shall not be applied to 
an IRS Loss arising from the IRS Contracts of a defaulted cleared swaps customer until after any 
permitted application of IRS Customer Collateral held in such customer account class. 
 
Any remaining IRS Customer Collateral of a customer of an IRS Clearing Member following final 
resolution of any IRS Loss attributed to such customer shall remain in such customer account 
class, where it may be used to satisfy losses of such customer to the Clearing House arising in 
such account class with respect to other product classes Any customer assets used by the Clearing 
House to cure an IRS Loss associated with a customer account shall not be added to the defaulted 
IRS Clearing Member’s collateral generally. The Clearing House shall not use IRS Customer 
Collateral to satisfy a payment obligation, realized loss or expense to the Clearing House in respect 
of the defaulted IRS Clearing Member’s proprietary account.  
Should an IRS Loss continue to exist after application of the amounts above, any remaining 
deficiency shall be satisfied pursuant to the procedures in Rule 8G802.B, in accordance with Part 
22 of the CFTC’s regulations as applicable.  Any such amount shall continue to be a liability of the 
defaulted IRS Clearing Member to the Clearing House, which the Clearing House may collect from 
any other assets of such clearing member or by process of law. 
8G802.B. 
Satisfaction of Clearing House Obligations 
1.  Application of Clearing House and non-defaulting IRS Clearing Member contributions 
 
If the IRS Collateral and the IRS Customer Collateral, as described in Rule 8G802.A, is insufficient 
to cover the IRS Loss produced by the default, the Clearing House shall cover, or reduce the size 
of, such IRS Loss by applying the following funds to such losses in the order of priority as follows 
(the “IRS Priority of Payments”): 
 
(i)  
First, the corporate contribution of CME for IRS Products (the “CME IRS  
 
 
Contribution”), which shall equal $150,000,000; 
(ii)  
Second, the IRS Guaranty Fund (excluding the contribution of the defaulted IRS 
Clearing Member), which shall be applied in the following manner: 
(a) 
the IRS Guaranty Fund contribution of Subordinated Bidders equal to the 
relevant Aggregate Subordinated Amounts of such Subordinated Bidders 
applied on a pro rata basis until the entire IRS Loss is allocated; then, to the 
extent not all IRS Losses have been applied after application pursuant to this 
sub-section (a);  
(b) 
the (remaining) IRS Guaranty Fund of all IRS Clearing Members (excluding 
an amount of the IRS Guaranty Fund of each Winning Bidder equal to the 
Final Aggregate Seniorized Amounts for such Winning Bidders) will be 
applied pro rata until the entire IRS Loss is allocated; then, to the extent not 
all IRS Losses have been applied after application pursuant to this sub-
section (b); and  
(c) 
the (remaining) IRS Guaranty Fund of all Winning Bidders will be applied pro 
rata; 
(iii)  
Third, IRS Assessments against all IRS Clearing Members (excluding any defaulted 
IRS Clearing Members), which shall be assessed against each non-defaulted IRS 
Clearing Member pro rata in proportion to their required contributions to the IRS 
Guaranty Fund in accordance with Rule 8G07. Assessments against non-defaulted 
IRS Clearing Members shall be subject to a maximum of the maximum IRS 
Assessment assigned to such IRS Clearing Member pursuant to Rule 8G07 at the 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 12 of 24 
time of the default, and also subject to the limits set forth in Rule 8G802.H in the case 
of multiple successive defaults. 
Non-defaulted IRS Clearing Members and their customers shall not take any action that would 
interfere with the ability of the Clearing House to collect and apply assets and proceeds in 
accordance with this Rule 8G802.B, including, but not limited to, attempting to obtain a court 
order. Determinations under this Rule 8G802.B that are based upon an IRS Clearing 
Member’s IRS Guaranty Fund deposit and/or IRS Assessment requirement shall be based 
upon the requirement in effect at the time of the default. 
 
As used herein:  
"Aggregate Subordinated Amount" means the sum of all subordinated amounts as determined 
by the Clearing House in accordance with the IRS Default Management Guidelines. 
"Final Aggregate Seniorized Amount" means the sum of all seniorized amounts as determined 
by the Clearing House in accordance with the IRS Default Management Guidelines. 
"Subordinated Bidder" means in respect of each Default Management Auction, the IRS 
Clearing Member(s) whose IRS Guaranty Fund contribution is subject to subordination as 
determined by the Clearing House in accordance with the IRS Default Management 
Guidelines. 
"IRS Default Management Guidelines" means the IRS Default Management Guidelines of the 
Clearing House. 
"Winning Bidder" means, in respect of each Default Management Auction, the IRS Clearing 
Member(s) designated as such by the Clearing House with respect to such Default 
Management Auction. 
2. 
Modification of Clearing House’s Obligations for IRS Contracts 
(a) If at any time following a default of an IRS Clearing Member, the assets available to cover 
the default under the preceding sections of Rule 8G802 are insufficient to satisfy the IRS 
Loss and obligations of the Clearing House to IRS Clearing Members as a result of such 
default, then absent an IRS Termination Event, the Clearing House shall, in a manner that 
is consistent with the requirements of the Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations 
adopted thereunder, conduct its next settlement cycle as described in Rule [8G802.B.2(b)]. 
(b) If the circumstances described in Rule [8G802.B.2(a)] occur, the Clearing House shall 
issue a Clearing Advisory Notice to inform IRS Clearing Members and their customers of 
such circumstances and conduct a settlement cycle to determine settlement prices for all 
IRS Contracts and the net portfolio gain or loss for each IRS Clearing Member and its 
customers, in accordance with the following: 
(i) The net portfolio gain of an IRS Clearing Member (a “collect”), or the net portfolio loss of 
an IRS Clearing Member (a “pay”), shall be determined separately for:  
(A) the IRS Clearing Member’s proprietary positions in IRS Contracts (the net portfolio gain 
or net portfolio loss for such positions, a “Proprietary IRS Collect” or a “Proprietary IRS 
Pay”), and  
(B) the positions in IRS Contracts of each customer of the IRS Clearing Member held in an 
account consistent with Part 22 of the CFTC’s regulations (each customer's net portfolio 
gain or net portfolio loss for such positions, an “Individual Customer IRS Collect” or an 
“Individual Customer IRS Pay”).  
(ii) The Clearing House Oversight Committee (after considering any recommendation of the 
IRS Emergency Financial Committee) may determine a maximum amount of position 
liquidation payments that may be included in the Aggregate IRS Collects, based upon then 
existing facts and circumstances, that it deems appropriate to mitigate further disruptions to 
the markets.   
(iii) The Clearing House shall notify each IRS Clearing Member of the amount of its 
remaining IRS Assessments, Proprietary IRS Pays and Individual Customer IRS Pays and 
each IRS Clearing Member shall pay all such amounts no later than the time required for 
the relevant settlement cycle.  If an IRS Clearing Member does not pay all such amounts to 
the Clearing House, the Clearing House shall determine such IRS Clearing Member to be 
in default and may take any of the actions specified in 8G802.A with respect to such IRS 
Clearing Member and its customers.  Payments owed by each non-defaulted customer of 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 13 of 24 
the defaulted IRS Clearing Member shall be paid by such non-defaulted customer to the 
Clearing House in accordance with Rule 8G802.I.   
(iv) If the amount of Aggregate IRS Available Funds received by the Clearing House 
exceeds the Aggregate IRS Collects, the Clearing House shall calculate reimbursements 
of, and distribute, the excess funds, in reverse order of the utilization of the IRS Priority of 
Payments.    
(v) If the amount of the Aggregate IRS Collects exceed the amount of Aggregate IRS 
Available Funds received:  
(A) the Clearing House shall notify IRS Clearing Members and provide an 
opportunity for IRS Clearing Members and their customers to make voluntary 
contributions to the Clearing House; 
 
(B) if the amount of the Aggregate IRS Collects continues to exceed the amount of 
Aggregate IRS Available Funds after the Clearing House adds any voluntary 
contributions from Rule 8G802.B.2(b)(v)(A) to the Aggregate IRS Available 
Funds, then the Clearing House shall apply IRS Gains Haircuts (as defined 
below) to the Proprietary IRS Collects and Individual Customer IRS Collects for 
the current settlement cycle and each successor settlement cycle on the current 
Business Day and, unless a Bankruptcy Event has occurred, each of the next 
two Business Days in accordance with the following: 
Proprietary IRS Collects and Individual Customer IRS Collects each shall be 
reduced on a pro rata basis according to the amount of such collects, to equal 
the amount of Aggregate IRS Available Funds received relative to the Aggregate 
IRS Collects (such process, an “IRS Gains Haircut”);   
(C) The Clearing House Oversight Committee may instruct the Clearing House to 
extend or reduce the number of days during which IRS Gains Haircuts are 
applied under the process under Rule 8G802.B.2(b)(v) by up to two Business 
Days at a time, provided that in no circumstance may the Clearing House 
conduct settlement cycles in which IRS Gains Haircuts are applied for longer 
than five Business Days.  Before providing such instruction, the Clearing House 
Oversight Committee must consider any recommendation of the IRS Emergency 
Financial Committee.  Any recommendation of the IRS Emergency Financial 
Committee and the decision of the Clearing House Oversight Committee, each 
regarding adjusting the duration of settlement cycles with IRS Gains Haircuts, 
must be based upon then existing facts and circumstances, be in furtherance of 
the integrity of the Clearing House and the stability of the financial system, and 
take into consideration the legitimate interests of clearing members and 
customers of clearing members. 
(D) For each settlement cycle conducted in accordance with this subparagraph (v): 
For non-defaulted IRS Clearing Members, the Clearing House shall pay the 
haircut Proprietary IRS Collects and Individual Customer IRS Collects to IRS 
Clearing Members as soon as practicable after receipt of the Aggregate IRS 
Available Funds.  For non-defaulted customers of a defaulted IRS Clearing 
Member, subject to applicable law, the Clearing House will account for Individual 
Customer IRS Collects owed to each customer.   
(c) If a Bankruptcy Event occurs (i) following a default of an IRS Clearing Member and (ii) 
during the IRS Cooling Off Period, all IRS Contracts shall be terminated promptly in 
accordance with Rule [8G802.B.6]. 
3. 
IRS Partial Tear-Ups and IRS Full Tear-Ups 
(a) The Clearing House may, at any time following a default of an IRS Clearing Member, notify 
IRS Clearing Members and provide an opportunity for IRS Clearing Members to voluntarily 
agree to have their proprietary positions or, with a customer’s consent, to agree to have 
each such customer’s positions, extinguished by the Clearing House. 
(b) If proprietary or customer positions in IRS Contracts of a defaulted IRS Clearing Member 
remain open (the “Remaining Open IRS Positions”) following the last settlement cycle 
conducted pursuant to Rule 8G802.B.2, the Clearing House shall extinguish the Remaining 
Open IRS Positions through a partial tear-up process (“IRS Partial Tear-Up”) or a full tear-
up process (“IRS Full Tear-Up”) of proprietary and customer positions of non-defaulted IRS 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 14 of 24 
Clearing Members and non-defaulted customers of the defaulted IRS Clearing Member in 
accordance with the following: 
i. The Clearing House Oversight Committee shall determine the appropriate scope of 
each IRS Partial Tear-Up or shall determine that an IRS Full Tear-Up is appropriate, in 
accordance with Part 22 of the CFTC’s regulations. Before making such determination, 
the Clearing House Oversight Committee must consider any recommendation of the 
IRS Emergency Financial Committee.  Any recommendation of the IRS Emergency 
Financial Committee and each determination of the Clearing House Oversight 
Committee made for purposes of this Rule 8G.802.B.3(b) must: 
A.   be based upon then existing facts and circumstances; 
B. be in furtherance of the integrity of the Clearing House and the stability of the 
financial system; 
C. take into consideration the legitimate interests of clearing members and 
customers of clearing members; and 
D. aim to extinguish Remaining Open IRS Positions and any additional positions 
in IRS Contracts deemed necessary to mitigate further disruptions to the 
markets affected by the Remaining Open IRS Positions. 
ii.  Such IRS Partial Tear-Up may include, but need not be limited to, the following 
methods: 
A. Tear-Up of Positions in IRS Contracts that Offset Remaining Open IRS 
Positions  
Proportionate extinguishment of IRS Contracts held by non-defaulted IRS 
Clearing Members, their non-defaulted customers and the non-defaulted 
customers of the defaulted IRS Clearing Member whose positions offset the 
Remaining Open IRS Positions, relative to the size of the Remaining Open IRS 
Positions; and 
B. Tear-Up of All Positions in IRS Contracts within a Product or Combination of 
Products.  
Extinguishment of all open positions in IRS Contracts for a product or 
combination of products. 
   iii. An IRS Full Tear-Up would involve the extinguishment of all open positions in IRS 
Contracts. 
(c)  In connection with any settlement cycle with IRS Gains Haircuts, the Clearing House 
Oversight Committee may instruct the Clearing House to extinguish a portion of the 
Remaining Open IRS Positions through an IRS Partial Tear-Up of proprietary and customer 
positions of non-defaulted IRS Clearing Members and non-defaulted customers of the 
defaulted IRS Clearing Member. The Clearing House Oversight Committee would 
determine the appropriate scope of each such IRS Partial Tear-Up in accordance with the 
procedures set forth in Rule 8G802.B.3(b)(i) and (ii), except that each reference to 
“Remaining Open IRS Positions” shall mean the relevant portion of Remaining Open IRS 
Positions. 
4. 
IRS Product Limited Recourse 
If a default occurs, IRS Collateral, IRS Customer Collateral and the IRS Priority of Payments shall 
be the sole source of payments to cover the IRS Loss until the default is fully and finally resolved, 
as applicable. In the event the IRS Collateral, IRS Customer Collateral and the IRS Priority of 
Payments are insufficient to cover the IRS Loss, regardless of whether CME is able to require an 
IRS Clearing Member to cure a deficiency in the IRS Guaranty Fund because of the occurrence of 
a Bankruptcy Event (as such term is defined in Rule 818.A), IRS Clearing Members and the 
holders of IRS Contracts shall have no recourse to any other funds or any other entity, including 
without limitation the guaranty funds that support clearing of other products, CME, CME Group Inc. 
or any of its affiliates other than any amounts recovered as described in Rule 8G802.E.  
5. 
IRS Termination Events 
If at any time following a default: (a) the Clearing House is unable to cover a settlement variation 
payment obligation when due and has no expectation of accessing funds to permit it to cover such 
payment obligation (for example through access to credit lines or assessment funds), (b) the 
Clearing House determines (after consultation with the IRS Risk Committee) that the available IRS 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 15 of 24 
Collateral and the IRS Priority of Payments will be insufficient to satisfy Default Management 
Auction bid results for the defaulted IRS Clearing Member’s portfolio, (c) the Clearing House 
otherwise determines (after consultation with the IRS Risk Committee) the IRS Loss will exceed the 
available IRS Collateral and IRS Priority of Payments, or (d) a Bankruptcy Event of the Exchange 
(each an “IRS Termination Event”), then all IRS Contracts shall be terminated and the IRS 
Collateral and IRS Priority of Payments shall be distributed in accordance with Rule 8G802.B.6 
below. If the IRS Customer Collateral attributable to a cleared swaps customer of the defaulted IRS 
Clearing Member is sufficient to satisfy any IRS Loss associated with such cleared swaps 
customer, the IRS Customer Collateral shall be so applied and any remaining IRS Customer 
Collateral shall remain in such customer account class. The Clearing House shall, in a manner that 
is consistent with the requirements of the Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations adopted 
thereunder (including, without limitation Part 190 of the Regulations, if applicable) fix a U.S. dollar 
amount (the “IRS Close-Out Value”) to be paid to or received from the Clearing House in respect of 
all IRS Contracts to be terminated by conducting a special settlement cycle to determine a final 
settlement price for all open IRS Contracts. 
6. 
Termination of IRS Contracts on an IRS Termination Event; Netting and Offset 
 
If an IRS Termination Event occurs as described in Rule 8G802.B.5, all IRS Contracts shall be 
terminated promptly. The Clearing House shall determine the amount to be paid to or collected 
from each non-defaulted IRS Clearing Member, and the IRS Collateral and IRS Priority of 
Payments shall be distributed, as follows: 
(i) The Clearing House shall, in a manner that is consistent with the requirements of the 
Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations adopted thereunder (including, without limitation 
Part 190 of the Regulations, if applicable) fix a U.S. dollar amount (the “IRS Close-Out Value”) 
to be paid to or received from the Clearing House in respect of all IRS Contracts to be 
terminated by conducting a special settlement cycle to determine a final settlement price for all 
open IRS Contracts. 
(ii) The net portfolio gain of a non-defaulted IRS Clearing Member (a “collect”), or the net 
portfolio loss of a non-defaulted IRS Clearing Member (a “pay”), shall be determined 
separately for (a) its proprietary positions in IRS Contracts (a “Close-Out Proprietary IRS 
Collect” or a “Close-Out Proprietary IRS Pay”) and (b) the positions of each of its customers in 
IRS Contracts (each, a Close-Out “Individual Customer IRS Collect” or a “Close-Out Individual 
Customer IRS Pay”), using the IRS Close-Out Value for IRS Contracts.  The Clearing House 
shall also use the IRS Close-Out Value to determine a Close-Out Individual Customer IRS 
Collect or a Close-Out Individual Customer IRS Pay for each non-defaulted cleared swaps 
customer of a defaulted IRS Clearing Member.  The sum of all Close-Out Proprietary IRS 
Collects and Close-Out Individual Customer IRS Collects shall be the “Aggregate Close-Out 
IRS Collects”.    The sum of all Close-Out Proprietary IRS Pays and Close-Out Individual 
Customer IRS Pays shall be the “Aggregate Close-Out IRS Pays”. 
(iii) The Clearing House shall determine the amount of each non-defaulted IRS Clearing 
Member’s remaining payment obligations, if any, in respect of IRS Assessments (which, 
together with the CME IRS corporate contribution and any remaining IRS Guaranty Fund 
amounts and any IRS Assessments previously funded, constitute the “Remaining IRS Priority 
of Payments”). 
(iv) The Clearing House shall add any remaining IRS Collateral, IRS Customer Collateral (if 
applicable as described in Rule [8G802.A.2.] above) and Remaining IRS Priority of Payments 
to the Aggregate Close-Out IRS Pays, and deduct the amount of any uncovered IRS Loss (the 
sum of such amount, the “Aggregate Close-Out IRS Available Funds”).   
(v) The Clearing House shall then notify each IRS Clearing Member of the amount of its 
remaining IRS Assessments, Close-Out Proprietary IRS Pay and Close-Out Individual 
Customer IRS Pays and each IRS Clearing Member shall pay all such amounts no later than 
the time specified by the Clearing House in such notice.  If an IRS Clearing Member does not 
make such payment, the Clearing House shall determine such IRS Clearing Member to be in 
default and may take any of the actions specified in 8G802.A with respect to such IRS Clearing 
Member and its customer. Payments owed by each non-defaulted customer of the defaulted 
IRS Clearing Member shall be paid by such non-defaulted customer to the Clearing House in 
accordance with Rule 8G802.I. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 16 of 24 
(vi) If the amount of Aggregate Close-Out IRS Available Funds received by the Clearing House 
exceeds the Aggregate Close-Out IRS Collects, the Clearing House shall calculate 
reimbursements of the excess funds, in reverse order of the IRS Priority of Payments.    
(vii) If the Aggregate Close-Out IRS Collects exceed the amount of Aggregate Close-Out IRS 
Available Funds received, the Clearing House shall haircut the amount of each Close-Out 
Proprietary IRS Collect (such haircut amount, the “Allocated Close-Out Proprietary IRS 
Collect”) and Close-Out Individual Customer IRS Collect (such haircut amount, the “Allocated 
Close-Out Individual Customer IRS Collect”) on a pro rata basis based on the amount of 
Aggregate Close-Out IRS Available Funds received relative to the amount of the Close-Out 
Proprietary IRS Collects and Close-Out Individual Customer IRS Collects (such process, a 
“Close-Out IRS Gains Haircut”).   
(viii) For non-defaulted IRS Clearing Members, the Clearing House shall pay the Close-Out 
Proprietary IRS Collect or Allocated Close-Out Proprietary IRS Collects, as applicable, and 
Close-Out Individual Customer IRS Collects or Allocated Close-Out Individual Customer IRS 
Collects, as applicable, as soon as practicable after receipt of the Aggregate Close-Out IRS 
Available Funds.  For non-defaulted customers of a defaulted-IRS Clearing Member, subject to 
applicable law, the Clearing House will account for Individual Customer IRS Collects owed to 
each such non-defaulted customer.   
(ix) Upon the completion of payments, all IRS Contracts shall be extinguished, and the 
Clearing House shall have no further access to funds or collateral in respect of IRS Contracts 
or IRS clearing activity of a non-defaulting IRS Clearing Member. For the avoidance of doubt, 
neither IRS Contracts that are extinguished under this Rule [8G802.B.6] nor any claims 
thereunder shall be available for netting under Rule 818. 
7. 
No Claims Against the Exchange or Clearing House 
(a) IRS Clearing Members, their affiliates and their customers shall have no claim against the 
Exchange, CME Group Inc. or any affiliates of the Exchange or CME Group or any 
directors, officers or employees of any of the foregoing, including but not limited to claims 
against any other guaranty fund established by the Exchange, CME Group Inc. or any of 
its affiliates with respect to losses suffered as a result of the application of any provision of 
this Rule 8G802.B.   
No beneficial holder of an IRS Contract shall have any claim against its non-defaulted IRS 
Clearing Member as a result of the application of this Rule 8G802.B. other than any 
amounts recovered as described in Rule 8G802.E. 
(b) Notwithstanding anything in subparagraph (a), IRS Clearing Members, for both their 
proprietary positions in IRS Contracts and their customers’ positions in IRS Contracts, and 
non-defaulted customers of defaulted IRS Clearing Members will have a claim on any 
recovery from the defaulted IRS Clearing Member or the estate of the defaulted IRS 
Clearing Member in the amount of the IRS Gains Haircuts and Close-Out IRS Gains 
Haircuts, each in the aggregate, applied to such positions (such amount with respect to all 
non-defaulted IRS Clearing Members and their customers and the non-defaulted 
customers of the defaulted IRS Clearing Member, “Aggregate IRS Gains Haircuts”), as set 
forth more fully in Rule 8G802.E. If the recovery from the defaulted IRS Clearing Member 
is less than the Aggregate IRS Gains Haircuts, non-defaulted IRS Clearing Members and 
their customers and the non-defaulted customers of defaulted IRS Clearing Members will 
share pro rata in the recovery. 
8. 
Non-Petition 
No IRS Clearing Member and no customer of an IRS Clearing Member shall institute against, or 
join any other person in instituting against, the Exchange any bankruptcy, reorganization, 
arrangement, insolvency, moratorium, liquidation or examinership proceedings, or other similar 
proceedings under U.S. federal or state bankruptcy laws or other applicable law arising out of any 
claimed default by the Clearing House on an IRS Contract as a result of the termination of such 
IRS Contract and related payments in accordance with these Rules. 
9. 
Fedwire and Satisfaction of IRS Assessments 
All amounts assessed by the Clearing House against an IRS Clearing Member pursuant to this 
Chapter and any advance assessments pursuant to Rule 8G802.C where notice of such 
assessment is delivered to an IRS Clearing Member during the hours in which the Federal 
Reserve's wire transfer system (Fedwire) is in operation shall be paid to the Clearing House by 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 17 of 24 
such IRS Clearing Member prior to the close of the Fedwire on such day; provided, however, that 
where notice of such assessment is delivered to an IRS Clearing Member within one (1) hour prior 
to the close of Fedwire or after the close of Fedwire shall be paid to the Clearing House within one 
(1) hour after Fedwire next opens. 
Any IRS Clearing Member that does not satisfy an assessment made pursuant to this Chapter 8G 
shall be in default.  Any IRS Loss that occurs as a result of such default shall itself be assessed by 
the Clearing House to non-defaulted IRS Clearing Members pursuant to Rule 8G802.A and 
8G802.B. 
After payment of an IRS Assessment pursuant to Rule 8G802.B, an IRS Clearing Member shall 
charge other clearing members for whom it clears contracts or carries positions on its books to 
recover their proportional share of the assessment.  Such other clearing members shall promptly 
pay the charge. 
10. Details of Implementation 
While adherence to the provisions of this Rule 8G802.B shall be mandatory, the detailed 
implementation of the process of finalizing an IRS Loss with respect to a default, including the 
liquidation, hedging, auction or sale of positions or assets of the defaulted IRS Clearing Member, 
shall be conducted by the Clearing House in consultation with the IRS Default Management 
Committee. 
8G802.C. 
Limited Advance Assessment Authority 
If a default occurs and the collateral for IRS Contracts of the defaulted IRS Clearing Member for its 
proprietary and customer accounts (including any IRS Contracts entered into by the Clearing 
House to hedge such defaulted Clearing Members’ IRS Contracts) held by the Clearing House 
(after taking into account settlement variation payment obligations) is less than 50 percent of the 
performance bond requirement for IRS Contracts calculated using the performance bond 
methodology at the time of default, the Clearing House may issue an advance assessment demand 
to non-defaulted IRS Clearing Members to contribute capital up to a maximum of the amount that 
would be necessary to bring the collateral of the defaulted IRS Clearing Member to 100% of the 
relevant requirement.  Any such assessment shall be subject to any cap on assessments pursuant 
to Rule 8G802.B and shall be made pro rata among IRS Clearing Members on the same basis as 
assessments under Rule 8G802.B. 
8G802.D. 
Utilization of Remaining IRS Collateral of Defaulted IRS Clearing Member;   
 
 
 
Restoration of Funds Following Final Determination of Losses 
1.  After the default of an IRS Clearing Member is finally resolved, excess IRS Collateral of the IRS 
Clearing Member may be used by the Clearing House for losses to the Clearing House of such IRS 
Clearing Member for Base Products on a pro rata basis based on the amount of any unresolved 
losses for such product classes.   
2.  If, after the default of an IRS Clearing Member is finally resolved, the Clearing House determines 
that collateral of the defaulted IRS Clearing Member, surplus funds, IRS Guaranty Funds, IRS 
Assessments, other guaranty fund contributions, or assessment powers were employed in a 
manner different from what would have occurred had all assets been secured and liquidated 
immediately and the IRS Loss finalized simultaneously, then the Clearing House shall make 
distributions or rebalancing allocations to non-defaulted IRS Clearing Members and/or the guaranty 
funds, as appropriate.   
8G802.E. 
Rights of Clearing House for Recovery of Loss 
Losses caused by the default of an IRS Clearing Member are amounts due to the Clearing House 
from such IRS Clearing Member and shall remain legal obligations thereof notwithstanding the 
Clearing House’s recourse to the loss-mutualization provisions of this Rule 8G802 and Rule 802, 
which amounts the Clearing House shall take commercially reasonable steps to recover (including 
claims submitted in an insolvency or resolution proceeding).  If any portion of these amounts is 
subsequently recovered by the Clearing House, the net amount of such recovery shall be credited 
to non-defaulted IRS Clearing Members (whether or not they are still IRS Clearing Members at the 
time of recovery) on a pro rata basis based on   (1) the amount of their (and their customers’, if 
applicable) voluntary contributions with respect to such default, (2) the amount of their (and their 
customers’, if applicable) Aggregate IRS Gains Haircuts with respect to such default, (3) the 
amount of their IRS Assessments utilized by the Clearing House with respect to such default, and 
(4) the amount of their guaranty fund contribution utilized by the Clearing House with respect to 
such default, each in the order listed, and then to the Exchange for the amount of the CME 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 18 of 24 
Contribution utilized by the Clearing House with respect to such default.. 
If an IRS Clearing Member clears contracts or carries positions for other clearing members and 
such other clearing members were required to pay an assessment pursuant to Rule 8G802.B, such 
IRS Clearing Member shall return to such other clearing members, a pro rata share of any 
recoveries received by such IRS Clearing Member which shall be calculated on the basis of the 
assessed amount paid by the other clearing member relative to the total assessment paid by the 
IRS Clearing Member. 
8G802.F. 
IRS Guaranty Fund Contributions to be Restored 
In the event it shall become necessary to apply all or part of the IRS Guaranty Fund to meet 
obligations to the Clearing House pursuant to this Rule 8G802, IRS Clearing Members shall restore 
their deposits to the IRS Guaranty Fund to previously required level prior to the close of business 
on the next banking day after notice that such amount is due from the Clearing House, subject to 
the maximum obligations to contribute to the IRS Guaranty Fund and to fund IRS Assessments set 
forth in 8G802.H. 
8G802.G. 
Default Management Across Account Classes 
Subject to Rule 8G831, the procedures set forth in 8G802.A and 8G802.B shall be conducted 
separately by the Clearing House with respect to open positions and associated performance bond 
deposits for different product classes and account classes.  Upon a default, the Clearing House 
may, in accordance with applicable law, act immediately to attempt to transfer to alternate IRS 
Clearing Members part or all customer positions and associated performance bond collateral with 
respect to any cleared swaps customer that has not defaulted on payment obligations.  
8G802.H. 
IRS Cooling Off Period and Multiple Defaults 
The provisions set forth in Rule 8G802.A and 8G802.B shall apply with respect to each default by 
an IRS Clearing Member. If more than one IRS Clearing Member default occurs at a time or in 
close sequence, including a default that occurs by reason of an IRS Clearing Member’s failure to 
satisfy an assessment demand, the Clearing House shall manage the defaults separately. Upon a 
default, non-defaulted IRS Clearing Members shall be subject to a maximum obligation to 
contribute to the IRS Guaranty Fund and to fund IRS Assessments equal to the aggregate amounts 
set forth in Rules 8G07 and 8G802. This maximum shall apply from the date of the original default 
until the later of (i) the 25th Business Day thereafter and (ii) if another IRS Clearing Member is in 
default during the 25 Business Days following the initial or any subsequent default, the 25th 
Business Day following the last default (the “IRS Cooling Off Period”), regardless of the number of 
defaults that occur during such IRS Cooling Off Period.  
The maximum does not limit IRS Clearing Members’ obligations to restore their IRS Guaranty Fund 
contributions as set forth in Rule 8G802.F, except that if the IRS Clearing Member’s required IRS 
Guaranty Fund contribution would exceed the maximum, the IRS Clearing Member’s IRS Guaranty 
Fund requirement shall be reduced accordingly for the remainder of the IRS Cooling Off Period. 
Following an IRS Cooling Off Period, the Clearing house shall notify each IRS Clearing Member of 
its IRS Guaranty Fund deposit obligation and its IRS Assessments exposure.  
The aggregate maximum contribution for the IRS Cooling Off Period shall be based upon each IRS 
Clearing Member’s IRS Guaranty Fund requirement and IRS Assessments in effect at the time of 
the original default, provided that if an IRS Clearing Member’s IRS Guaranty Fund requirement and 
IRS Assessments is increased during the IRS Cooling Off Period due to material changes in its 
own business creating a material shortfall as to the requirement (as described in Rule 8G07) then 
the maximum shall be based on the revised requirement.  
The CME IRS Contribution shall be limited to an aggregate maximum of $150,000,000 during the 
Cooling Off Period, regardless of the number of defaults that occur during such Cooling Off Period. 
8G802.I. 
Post-Default Cleared Swaps Customer Account Processing 
1. In order to minimize disruptions and loss to its public customers if an IRS Clearing Member 
defaults, each IRS Clearing Member shall cause its cleared swaps customers to establish 
arrangements to directly make all required performance bond and settlement variation payments 
directly to the Clearing House and to keep current and on file with the Clearing House any direction 
to transfer its open positions and collateral to another IRS Clearing Member. 
2. The Clearing House shall treat positions and collateral of the cleared swaps customers of an IRS 
Clearing Member, which has been declared to be in default, in accordance with Part 22 of the 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 19 of 24 
CFTC’s regulations.  Immediately after the default of an IRS Clearing Member, the Clearing House 
shall cease netting settlement variation among the cleared swaps customers of the defaulted 
Clearing Member.  
3. If the Clearing House ceases to net settlement variation margin of the customers of a defaulted 
IRS Clearing Member, the Clearing House will calculate the settlement variation margin obligation 
owed to each customer (“collects”), and also calculate the settlement variation margin obligation 
owed to the Clearing House by each customer (“pays”).  The Clearing House will account for 
settlement variation margin collects owed to each customer. The Clearing House will procure 
customer settlement variation margin pays from the following sources:  
(i)   Directly from the obligated customer in accordance with the arrangements established 
pursuant to 8G802.I.1 or by attaching any excess collateral attributable to that customer; and 
(ii)    By means of liquidating the IRS collateral supporting the customer’s position attributed to 
a customer that fails to make a required settlement variation payment when due.  The 
proceeds of such liquidation shall be used to meet the customer's variation pay obligation to 
the clearing house. (If the collateral is liquidated, the positions supported by the collateral shall 
be promptly liquidated.) 
4. Any unmet customer obligation to the Clearing House will be an “IRS Loss,” per 8G802.A.2, and 
will be cured in accordance with the provisions of 8G802.B. Consistent with Part 22 of the CFTC’s 
regulations, if the IRS Customer Collateral attributable to a cleared swaps customer of the 
defaulted IRS Clearing Member is sufficient to satisfy any IRS Loss associated with such cleared 
swaps customer, the IRS Customer Collateral shall be so applied and any remaining IRS Customer 
Collateral shall remain in such customer account class. 
5. The Clearing House shall rely on its own books and records to identify the portfolio of rights and 
obligations arising from the IRS Contracts of each cleared swaps customer.  To the extent the 
Clearing House’s books and records are not available or the Clearing House determines that its 
books and records are not accurate, the Clearing House shall rely on the information provided by 
the defaulted IRS Clearing Member to identify the portfolio of rights and obligations arising from the 
IRS Contracts for each of its cleared swaps customers. 
8G803-812. [RESERVED] 
8G813. 
IRS SETTLEMENT PRICE 
Settlement prices for IRS Contracts shall be determined each Business Day pursuant to one or 
more of the procedures set forth below.   
1. The Clearing House shall determine settlement prices for such IRS Contracts based upon a 
consideration of relevant market data, including, but not limited to, trading activity, pricing data 
obtained from IRS Contract market participants, the settlement prices of related products and any 
other pricing data from sources deemed reliable by the Clearing House.   
2.  Notwithstanding the above, if a settlement price in any IRS Product, as derived by the normal 
methodology used for that IRS Product, is inconsistent with trades, bids or offers in other months/ 
strikes during the closing range, or other relevant market information, or if there is no relevant 
market activity, a Clearing House official may establish a settlement price that best reflects in its 
reasonable judgment the true market valuation at the time of the close. 
3.  Notwithstanding the above, in the case of inaccuracy or unavailability of a settlement price, or if 
a settlement price creates risk management concerns for the Clearing House, the Clearing House 
reserves the right to calculate settlement variation using an alternate price determined by the 
Clearing House. 
8G814-820. 
[RESERVED] 
8G821. 
EXCESS PERFORMANCE BOND OF IRS CLEARED SWAPS CUSTOMERS 
IRS Clearing Members are permitted to transmit performance bond of its cleared swaps customers 
for IRS Products in excess of the amount required by the Clearing House in accordance with CME 
Rule 821.  


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 20 of 24 
8G822-823. [RESERVED] 
8G824.   
ADDITIONAL IRS PERFORMANCE BOND 
Whenever, in the opinion of the IRS Risk Committee, the President of Global Operations, 
Technology & Risk, the Global Head of Clearing & Post-Trade Services or, in their absence, their 
delegate, unstable conditions relating to one or more products exist, they may from time to time, 
call for additional performance bond collateral from IRS Clearing Members. Such additional 
performance bond calls may be as much as or more than the original performance bond collateral. 
The performance bond collateral thus called for may be for one or more contract(s) from one or 
more IRS Clearing Member(s) and on long positions, short positions or both. 
In the event market conditions and price fluctuations at any time shall cause the IRS Risk 
Committee, the President of Global Operations, Technology & Risk or the Global Head of Clearing 
& Post-Trade Services or, in his absence, his delegate, to conclude that additional performance 
bond collateral is required to maintain an orderly market or to preserve fiscal integrity the IRS Risk 
Committee or the Global Head of Clearing & Post-Trade Services or their delegate may call for 
additional performance bond collateral to be deposited with the Clearing House during the next 
banking hour after demand therefor, or at such times as may be specified.  Such additional 
performance bond collateral may be called from the longs or the shorts or from both. 
When the IRS Risk Committee, the President of Global Operations, Technology & Risk or the 
Global Head of Clearing & Post-Trade Services or, in their absence, their delegate, shall be of the 
opinion that any IRS Clearing Member is carrying commitments or incurring risk in its proprietary, 
customer and/or cross-margin accounts, that are larger than is justified by the financial condition of 
that IRS Clearing Member, then the IRS Risk Committee, the President of Global Operations, 
Technology & Risk or the Global Head of Clearing & Post-Trade Services or, in their absence, their 
delegate, may require additional performance bond collateral of such IRS Clearing Member which 
shall be deposited with the Clearing House during the next banking hour after demand therefor, or 
at such time as may be specified, or a portion of the open positions of such IRS Clearing Member 
may be required to be transferred to the books of another IRS Clearing Member. 
8G825-828. [RESERVED] 
8G829. 
MEASURES TO MITIGATE PROCYCLICALITY 
In order to limit procyclical performance bond changes, with respect to IRS contracts, the Clearing 
House shall establish performance bond requirements not lower than those that would be 
calculated using volatility estimated over a ten (10) year historical lookback period. 
8G830. 
[RESERVED] 
8G831. 
COMMINGLING OF ELIGIBLE FUTURES, OPTIONS ON FUTURES, AND SWAPS POSITIONS 
 
The Clearing House shall determine Base Guaranty Fund Products that may be commingled with 
positions in IRS Contracts in order to provide risk offsets for proprietary and customer positions on 
the basis that the price risks with respect to such products are significantly and reliably correlated 
(such products, “Commingling Eligible Futures and Options on Futures Products”).  Eligible 
Clearing Members may elect that any of their proprietary positions in Commingling Eligible Futures 
and Options on Futures Products be commingled with proprietary positions in IRS Contracts and 
subject to the financial safeguards package for IRS Contracts.  Eligible Clearing Members may 
elect that any of their customer’s positions in Commingling Eligible Futures and Options on Futures 
Products be commingled with such customer’s positions in IRS Contracts and subject to the 
financial safeguards package for IRS Contracts.  Any such commingled positions will be subject to 
the risk methodology associated with IRS Contracts.  Notwithstanding Rule 814, the Clearing 
House will not make variation settlement payments (but will require collections) associated with 
Commingled Futures and Options on Futures Positions during intra-day variation settlement cycles 
which do not include variation settlements for IRS Contracts. If the Clearing House determines at 
any time that any Commingled Futures and/or Options on Futures Positions are non-risk reducing, 
the Clearing House may either restrict such participant from commingling additional positions or 
require such participant to move and/or liquidate any of such Commingled Futures and/or Options 
on Futures Positions.  At no time shall the risk of commingled futures and/or options on futures 
positions exceed the risk of IRS positions within a commingled portfolio by more than $1m DV01. In 
the event of a default by an Eligible Clearing Member, Commingled Futures and Options on 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 21 of 24 
Futures Positions of such Eligible Clearing Member or its customers will be subject to the default 
management procedures of IRS Products.   
 
Upon the occurrence of an IRS Termination Event, (i) Commingled Futures and Options on Futures 
Positions will be subject to the risk methodology associated with futures and options on futures 
positions and subject to the Base Guaranty Fund, (ii) proprietary Commingled Futures and Options 
on Futures Positions of non-defaulted IRS Clearing Members will be removed from the associated 
IRS accounts of such IRS Clearing Member and moved (together with all performance bond of 
such IRS Clearing Member)  to the relevant Base Guaranty Fund Product proprietary accounts of 
such Clearing Member and (iii) Commingled Futures and Options on Futures Positions of 
customers of non-defaulted IRS Clearing Members will remain in the commingled portfolio and the 
associated performance bond will remain in the relevant Cleared Swaps Account of such IRS 
Clearing Member until transferred by the customer or Clearing Member to segregated accounts 
maintained in accordance with Section 4d of the CEA (such transfers shall occur as soon as 
reasonably practicable) and (iv) the Clearing House will make regular intraday variation settlement 
payments during intra-day settlement cycles. 
 
“Commingled Futures and Options on Futures Positions” shall mean any positions in Base 
Guaranty Fund Products commingled with positions in IRS Contracts in accordance with this Rule 
8G831. As used in Rules 8G04, 8G14, 8G25, 8G28 (except for 8G28(a)), 8G600, 8G802.A, 
8G802.B.2,3,7 and 8, 8G802.C, 8G802.I and 8G931, except as otherwise provided therein, the 
term “IRS Contracts” shall include Commingled Futures and Options on Futures Positions.  
“Eligible Clearing Member” shall mean a firm that has been approved as a Clearing Member and an 
IRS Clearing Member. 
8G832-912. [RESERVED] 
8G913. 
WITHDRAWAL FROM IRS CLEARING MEMBERSHIP   
8G913.A. 
Voluntary Withdrawal  
An IRS Clearing Member that intends to withdraw from clearing membership for IRS Products shall 
provide written notice of such intent to the Clearing House and the Clearing House Oversight 
Committee. An IRS Clearing Member’s withdrawal shall be effective on the earlier of (i) the date 
Clearing House Staff approves such withdrawal or (ii) the 10th Business Day following the date of 
the clearing cycle in which the withdrawing IRS Clearing Member liquidates or transfers to an 
appropriate IRS Clearing Member all of its open customer and house positions in IRS Contracts 
(such earlier date, the “IRS Withdrawal Date”); provided that the withdrawing IRS Clearing Member 
shall remain liable for IRS Guaranty Fund contributions and IRS Assessments in accordance with 
Rule 8G913.B.  Promptly following the IRS Withdrawal Date, the Clearing House shall post a notice 
of the IRS Clearing Member’s withdrawal. 
An IRS Clearing Member may withdraw from serving as an IRS Clearing Member clearing IRS 
Products without withdrawing as a CME, CBOT, NYMEX or COMEX clearing member for any other 
products, if applicable. 
8G913.B. 
Release of Guaranty Fund Deposit, Membership and Assignments 
When an IRS Clearing Member withdraws from clearing membership for IRS Products (whether 
voluntarily or involuntarily), its IRS Guaranty Fund deposit or any other deposits required by the 
Clearing House, and any remaining assets available to the Clearing House associated with IRS 
Products will be released when Clearing House staff determines that the following has occurred: (1) 
all contracts and obligations with the Clearing House relating to IRS Products have been settled 
and paid, (2) all sums owing to the Clearing House relating to IRS Products have been paid, (3) all 
obligations to other members and customers arising out of claims directly related to IRS Contracts 
have been paid or otherwise provided for, (4) all obligations to other members and customers 
arising out of other arbitration claims relating to IRS Products filed pursuant to Chapter 6 or Rule 
8G600 have been paid or otherwise provided for, and (5) the requisite liquidity providers for the 
Clearing House have released the security interest in such IRS Clearing Member's "assets" 
associated with the clearing of IRS Products in accordance with the terms of the liquidity facility 
described in Rule 817; provided, however, that in the event that Clearing House staff determines 
that all of the foregoing other than (4) have occurred, the IRS Risk Committee may in its discretion 
authorize the release of such property.  
Generally, no such property shall be released prior to the 60th day following the posting of the 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 22 of 24 
notice of the IRS Clearing Member's withdrawal. Notwithstanding the above, Clearing House staff 
may grant an exemption to the above restriction for good cause shown. Further, for purposes of the 
paragraph above, if the withdrawing IRS Clearing Member will not remain a clearing member in any 
other capacity with the Exchange, all obligations of the withdrawing IRS Clearing Member to the 
Exchange, of whatever nature or kind, shall be accelerated and become due and payable upon the 
effective date of withdrawal. If the IRS Clearing Member will remain a clearing member for other 
product classes other than IRS Products, the foregoing sentence shall apply only to obligations 
related to the clearing of IRS Products. 
For purposes of Rule 8G802 and 8G07, the IRS Guaranty Fund contributions and IRS 
Assessments of a non-defaulted IRS Clearing Member that has withdrawn shall not be accessible 
by the Clearing House to satisfy any losses in respect of the default of another IRS Clearing 
Member where such default occurred after the IRS Cooling Off Period as of which the withdrawing 
IRS Clearing Member had liquidated or transferred all of its open customer and house positions in 
IRS.  For the avoidance of doubt, a withdrawing IRS Clearing Member shall be subject to IRS 
Assessments for all defaults occurring during the Cooling Off Period in which such IRS Clearing 
Member withdraws. 
8G913.C. 
Customer Positions of Withdrawing Clearing Member Following a Default  
If, following a default that causes mutualized losses under Rule 8G802.B, an IRS Clearing Member 
notifies the Clearing House during the applicable IRS Cooling Off Period of its intent to withdraw 
from status as an IRS Clearing Member, the IRS Clearing Member shall promptly notify its 
customers in writing of such decision.  The notice shall specify that customers must close out or 
transfer to another IRS Clearing Member their affected open positions, and that the withdrawing 
IRS Clearing Member shall have the right to liquidate any customer positions that remain open on 
its books after 10 business days have passed from the customers’ receipt of such notice.  If any 
customer fails to close out or transfer to another IRS Clearing Member during such 10 business 
day period, the IRS Clearing Member shall have the right to liquidate any such customer position 
that remains open on its books.  The IRS Clearing Member shall cooperate with customers and 
with the Clearing House on any proposed transfer of customer positions, and shall include in its 
notice to customers such information as the Clearing House may require at the time regarding 
other IRS Clearing Members that may receive transfers of customer positions.  With respect to 
customer positions in products that are listed for electronic trading on any exchange for which the 
Clearing House provides clearing services, the IRS Clearing Member shall liquidate such positions 
in the open market unless otherwise agreed with the customer.  With respect to customer positions 
in IRS products that are not so listed for electronic trading, the IRS Clearing Member may liquidate 
such positions by submitting to the Clearing House for clearing an offsetting trade executed at a 
commercially reasonable price reflecting the clearing member’s side of the market (i.e., the bid side 
if liquidating a long position and the offer side if liquidating a short position), taking into account any 
pricing information that is available to it in the market at the time, which pricing information shall be 
shared with the Clearing House and the customer.  Each IRS Clearing Member will promptly 
provide to its customers reasonable detail of how it determined the liquidation amount for any 
liquidation effected pursuant to this Rule 8G913.C. 
8G914-929. [RESERVED] 
8G930. 
IRS PERFORMANCE BOND REQUIREMENTS 
8G930.A.  
Performance Bond System 
A Performance Bond System will be adopted by the Exchange.  
Performance bond systems other than the Exchange adopted system may be used to meet 
Exchange performance bond requirements if the IRS Clearing Member can demonstrate that its 
system will always produce a performance bond requirement equal to or greater than the CME 
Clearing performance bond requirements. 
8G930.B.  
Performance Bond Rates for IRS Products  
Exchange staff shall determine initial and maintenance performance bond rates used in 
determining Exchange performance bond requirements.  
8G930.C.  
Acceptable Performance Bond Deposits for IRS Products  
IRS Clearing Members may accept from their account holders as performance bond cash 
currencies of any denomination, readily marketable securities (as defined by SEC Rule 15c3-
1(c)(11) and applicable SEC interpretations), money market mutual funds allowable under CFTC 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 23 of 24 
Regulation 1.25, bank–issued letters of credit, gold warrants that are registered as deliverable for 
gold futures contracts traded on Commodity Exchange, Inc., and "London Good Delivery" gold, as 
defined by the London Bullion Market Association. 
IRS Clearing Members shall not accept as performance bond from an account holder securities 
that have been issued, sponsored or otherwise guaranteed by the account holder or an affiliate of 
the account holder unless the IRS Clearing Member files a petition with and receives permission 
from Clearing House staff. 
Unless permitted (either not restricted or specifically authorized) by OFAC and/or any Sanctioning 
Body, as applicable, IRS Clearing Members may not accept from their account holders as 
performance bond any debt or equity issued by Sanctioned Parties as defined in Rule 543, assets 
in which Sanctioned Parties have an interest, or any other assets that are or would be subject to 
blocking restrictions or sectoral sanction restrictions imposed by the U.S. Department of Treasury’s 
Office of Foreign Assets Control or are subject to similar restrictions imposed by another 
Sanctioning Body. 
Bank-issued letters of credit must be in a form acceptable to the Clearing House. Such letters of 
credit must be drawable in the United States. IRS Clearing Members shall not accept as 
performance bond from an account holder letters of credit issued by the account holder, an affiliate 
of the account holder, the clearing member, or an Affiliate of the clearing member. 
All assets deposited by account holders to meet performance bond requirements must be and 
remain unencumbered by third party claims against the depositing account holder. 
Except to the extent that Clearing House staff shall prescribe otherwise, cash currency 
performance bond deposits shall be valued at market value. All other performance bond deposits 
other than letters of credit shall be valued at an amount not to exceed market value less applicable 
haircuts as set forth in SEC Rule 240.15c3-1. Warrants shall be valued at an amount not to exceed 
the market value of the commodities represented by the warrants less a deduction in the same 
amount as the inventory haircut specified in Commission Regulation 1.17(c)(5)(ii). 
8G930.D.  
Acceptance of Positions 
IRS Clearing Members may accept positions for an account provided sufficient performance bond 
is on deposit in the account or is forthcoming within a reasonable time. 
For an account which has been subject to calls for performance bond for an unreasonable time, 
IRS Clearing Members may only accept positions that reduce the performance bond requirements 
of existing positions in the account. 
Clearing members may not accept positions for an account that has been in debit an unreasonable 
time. 
8G930.E.  
Calls for Performance Bond 
1.  IRS Clearing Members must issue calls for performance bond that would bring an account up to 
the initial performance bond requirement: a) when performance bond equity in an account initially 
falls below the maintenance performance bond requirement; and b) subsequently, when 
performance bond equity plus existing performance bond calls in an account is less than the 
maintenance performance bond requirement. 
Such calls must be made within one business day after the occurrence of the event giving rise to 
the call. IRS Clearing members may call for additional performance bond at their discretion. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, an IRS Clearing Member is not required to call for or collect 
performance bond for day trades. 
2. IRS Clearing Members shall only reduce a call for performance bond through the receipt of 
performance bond deposits permitted under subsection C. of this rule. IRS Clearing Members may 
cancel a call for performance bond through: a) the receipt of performance bond deposits permitted 
under subsection C. of this rule only if such deposits equal or exceed the amount of the total 
performance bond call; or b) inter-day favorable market movements and/or the liquidation of 
positions only if performance bond equity in the account is equal to or greater than the initial 
performance bond requirement. IRS Clearing Members shall reduce an account holder's oldest 
outstanding performance bond call first. 
3. IRS Clearing Members must maintain written records of all performance bond calls issued and 
satisfied in whole or in part. 
8G930.F.  
Release of Excess Performance Bond  


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 24 of 24 
Subject to exceptions granted by Exchange staff, IRS Clearing Members may only release 
performance bond deposits from an account if such deposits are in excess of initial performance 
bond requirements. 
8G930.G.  
Loans to Account Holders  
IRS Clearing Members may not make loans to account holders to satisfy their performance bond 
requirements unless such loans are secured as defined in CFTC Regulation 1.17(c)(3). The 
proceeds of such loans must be treated in accordance with CFTC Regulation 1.30. 
8G930.H.  
Aggregation of Accounts and Positions  
IRS Clearing Members may aggregate and net positions in accounts under identical ownership 
within the same classifications of customer segregated, customer secured, customer sequestered 
and non-segregated for performance bond purposes.  IRS Clearing Members may compute 
performance bond requirements on identically owned concurrent long and short positions on a net 
basis. 
8G930.I.  
Liquidation of Accounts 
If an account holder fails to comply with a performance bond call within a reasonable time (the IRS 
Clearing Member may deem one hour to be a reasonable time), the IRS Clearing Member may 
close out the account holder's trades or sufficient contracts thereof to restore the account holder's 
account to required performance bond status.  IRS Clearing Members shall maintain full discretion 
to determine when and under what circumstances positions in any account shall be liquidated.  
8G930.J.  
Clearing House Authority to Require Additional IRS Performance Bond  
The Clearing House, in its sole discretion, has the authority to require IRS Clearing Members to 
collect additional performance bond from specific account holders in circumstances deemed 
necessary by the Clearing House. 
8G931-974. [RESERVED] 
8G975. 
IRS EMERGENCY FINANCIAL CONDITIONS 
If the Global Head of Clearing & Post-Trade Services determines that the financial or operational 
condition of an IRS Clearing Member or one of its Affiliates is such that to allow that IRS Clearing 
Member to continue its operation would jeopardize the integrity of the Exchange, or negatively 
impacts the financial markets by introducing an unacceptable level of uncertainty, volatility or risk, 
whether or not the IRS Clearing Member continues to meet the required minimum financial 
requirements, he may empanel the Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board, Chairman of 
the IRS Risk Committee, and Global Head of Clearing & Post-Trade Services (the “IRS Emergency 
Financial Committee”).  Such committee shall be duly authorized and, upon a unanimous vote of 
the panel, be empowered to order (a) an immediate position limitation, (b) an immediate 
suspension of the IRS Clearing Member, (c) that all open trades of said clearing member be for 
liquidation only, (d) the liquidation or transfer of all or a portion of the open positions of the clearing 
member, (e) additional performance bond to be deposited with the Clearing House and/or (f) any 
other action necessary to protect the financial integrity of the Clearing House. The IRS Clearing 
Member affected by action taken shall be notified and may request a hearing before the Board as 
provided in Rule 412. In the event of suspension, the Chief Executive Officer shall, promptly after a 
suspension, set the matter for hearing before the Board for final determination. To the extent that 
the IRS Emergency Financial Committee orders that all open trades of a clearing member be for 
liquidation only, or the panel orders the liquidation or transfer of all of the open positions of an IRS 
Clearing Member, Rule 8G913.B. shall apply and the clearing member shall be treated as a 
withdrawing clearing member. 
 


 
 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 1 of 31 
 
 
CHAPTER 9 
CLEARING MEMBERS 
 
GENERAL 
900. 
 
CATEGORIES OF CLEARING MEMBERS 
 
 
900.A. CME Clearing Members 
 
 
900.B. Financial Instrument Clearing Members 
901. 
 
GENERAL REQUIREMENTS AND OBLIGATIONS 
902. 
 
CLEARING MEMBERSHIP ASSIGNMENT REQUIREMENTS 
 
 
902.A. Assignment Requirement 
 
 
902.B. [RESERVED] 
 
 
902.C. Assignment Process 
 
 
902.D. Assignment Substitutions 
 
 
902.E. Assignment Withdrawal Disputes 
 
 
902.F. Lien on Memberships  
903. 
 
RESPONSIBILITY FOR QUALIFIED MEMBERS 
904. 
 
FUNDS IN TRADING ACCOUNTS CARRIED BY CLEARING MEMBERS 
905. 
 
CHOICE OF LAW 
906-909. 
[RESERVED] 
APPLICATION PROCEDURES FOR CLEARING MEMBERS 
910. 
 
APPLICATION FORMS 
911. 
 
SCREENING PROCEDURES 
912. 
 
APPROVAL 
913. 
 
WITHDRAWAL FROM CLEARING MEMBERSHIP 
 
 
913.A. Voluntary Withdrawal 
913.B. Release of Guaranty Fund Deposit, Membership Proceeds and 
Assignments 
914.-929. 
[RESERVED] 
 
ACCOUNT HOLDER PERFORMANCE BOND REQUIREMENTS 
930. 
 
PERFORMANCE BOND REQUIREMENTS:  ACCOUNT HOLDER LEVEL 
 
 
930.A. Performance Bond System 
 
 
930.B. Performance Bond Rates 
 
 
930.C. Acceptable Performance Bond Deposits 
 
 
930.D. Acceptance of Orders 
 
 
930.E. Calls for Performance Bond 


 
 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 2 of 31 
 
 
 
 
930.F. Release of Excess Performance Bond 
 
 
930.G. Loans to Account Holders 
 
 
930.H. Aggregation of Accounts and Positions 
 
 
930.I. 
Risk Profile of Accounts 
 
 
930.J. Omnibus Accounts 
 
 
930.K. Liquidation of Accounts 
 
 
930.L. Clearing House Authority to Require Additional Performance Bond 
 
 
930.M. Failure to Maintain Performance Bond Requirements 
 
 
930.N.  OTC Derivatives Undermargined Capital Charge 
931.-948. 
[RESERVED] 
949. 
 
CREDIT CONTROLS 
 
SALES PRACTICES AND CUSTOMER PROTECTION 
950. 
 
SUPERVISION 
951. 
 
DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS 
952. 
 
SALES COMMUNICATIONS 
953. 
 
PROMOTIONAL MATERIAL 
954, 
 
CUSTOMER COMPLAINTS 
955. 
 
ASSIGNMENT AND NOTIFICATION OF EXERCISE NOTICES 
956. 
 
DISCRETIONARY, CONTROLLED AND MANAGED ACCOUNTS 
 
 
956.A. Requirements 
 
 
956.B. Presumption of Authority 
 
 
956.C. Supervision and Trading of Discretionary Trading Accounts 
 
 
956.D. Position Limits 
 
 
956.E. Exceptions 
957. 
 
CONFIRMATIONS TO CUSTOMERS 
958. 
 
BRANCH OFFICES, GUARANTEED INTRODUCING BROKERS, AND  
 
 
ASSOCIATED PERSONS 
959. 
 
[RESERVED] 
 
OMNIBUS AND CARRYING BROKER ACCOUNTS 
960. 
 
OMNIBUS AND CARRYING BROKER ACCOUNTS 
961.-969. 
[RESERVED] 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 3 of 31 
 
 
FINANCIAL REQUIREMENTS AND FINANCIAL EMERGENCIES 
970. 
 
FINANCIAL REQUIREMENTS 
971. 
 
SEGREGATION, SECURED AND CLEARED SWAPS CUSTOMER ACCOUNT  
 
 
REQUIREMENTS 
972. 
 
REDUCTIONS IN CAPITAL 
973. 
 
CUSTOMER ACCOUNTS WITH THE CLEARING HOUSE 
974. 
 
SUSPENSION OF MEMBER FIRM PRIVILEGES 
975. 
 
EMERGENCY FINANCIAL CONDITIONS 
976. 
 
SUSPENSION OF CLEARING MEMBERS 
977. 
 
SUSPENSION OF OFFICERS OR PARTNERS 
978. 
 
OPEN TRADES OF SUSPENDED CLEARING MEMBERS 
979. 
 
SUSPENDED OR EXPELLED CLEARING MEMBERS 
 
RECORDS AND REPORTS 
980. 
 
REQUIRED RECORDS AND REPORTS 
981. 
 
ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING AND ECONOMIC SANCTIONS COMPLIANCE 
982. 
 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
983. 
 
DISASTER RECOVERY AND BUSINESS CONTINUITY 
 
TAX COMPLIANCE 
990. 
 
U.S. WITHHOLDING TAX 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 4 of 31 
 
 
 
Chapter 9 
Clearing Members 
 
GENERAL 
 
900. 
CATEGORIES OF CLEARING MEMBERS   
The Exchange may establish different clearing member categories, including but not limited to OTC 
Clearing Member categories, and alter the rights and responsibilities of such categories. 
900.A. 
CME Clearing Members 
CME Clearing Members shall have all applicable rights, responsibilities and privileges attendant thereto, 
subject to the provisions of these rules and shall be qualified to clear transactions for all CME products 
and all Expanded-Access Products listed for trading by CBOT after July 12, 2007. 
CME Clearing Members receive fees in conjunction with CME Rule 106.H. Trading Member Firms.  CME 
Clearing Members with shares are those clearing members that maintain CME Group Class A shares in 
accordance with CME Rule 106.J. Equity Member Firm requirements in order to receive equity member 
rates. 
900.B.   
Financial Instrument Clearing Members 
A Financial Instrument Clearing Member (“FICM”) shall have the right to clear, for its own account, trades 
in certain CME and CBOT interest rate products executed in connection with a cash versus futures trading 
strategy.   
The FICM must be guaranteed by a CME and/or CBOT Clearing Member that is entitled to clear all of the 
products cleared by the FICM.  The guarantor must be the clearing member for the FICM’s transactions 
in U.S. Treasury Securities and report to the Clearing House, at appropriate intervals, the FICM’s open 
positions in U.S. Treasury Securities.  The guarantor shall assume complete responsibility for all of the 
FICM’s obligations to the Exchange and Clearing House arising from its operations as a FICM.  In the 
event of a default by the FICM to the Clearing House in respect of any futures or options on futures, the 
FICM shall be suspended by the Exchange and the open positions of the FICM shall be transferred to, 
owned by, and become the direct responsibility of the guarantor. In the event of a default by the FICM or 
a related entity to the guarantor clearing firm, the Exchange will, at the request of the guarantor clearing 
firm, and upon due verification of the facts, facilitate the suspension of the FICM, in which case the open 
positions of the FICM shall be transferred to, owned by, and become the direct responsibility of the 
guarantor.  
The FICM shall be subject to applicable CME and CBOT Rules, including those contained in CME and 
CBOT Rules Chapter 8 and Chapter 9, and including without limitation, CME Rule 802 (Protection of the 
Clearing House, including the primary responsibility for the Clearing House assessment obligation 
therein).  The FICM shall comply with all of the requirements and obligations of a clearing member 
pursuant to CME Rule 901 (General Requirements and Obligations) with the exception of the parent 
guarantee requirement pursuant to CME 901(L).    
The FICM must satisfy the following requirements: 
(i) 
Adjusted Net Capital of $500,000; 
(ii) Initial minimum guaranty fund deposit of $50,000 to be increased to reflect transaction volume, open 
interest and risk; 
(iii) The assignment of one Full or two Associate Memberships for the privilege of clearing CBOT interest rate 
products and two CME, two IMM, two IOM, and one GEM  membership for the privilege of clearing CME 
interest rate products. Memberships may be independently assigned. 
FICMs receive fees in conjunction with CME and/or CBOT Rule 106.H. Trading Member Firms as 
applicable.  FICMs that maintain CME Group Class A shares in accordance  with 
CME 
Rule 106.J. 
Equity Member Firm requirements are eligible to receive equity member rates. 


 
 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 5 of 31 
 
 
(iv) The applicant shall be engaged in or demonstrate immediate capacity to engage in U.S. Treasury/interest 
rate futures spread trades and in order to maintain the status of a FICM, shall actively execute both sides 
of U.S. Treasury/interest rate futures spread trades.    
A FICM applicant shall execute and place on file with the Exchange the following documents:  
(i) 
An application for the FICM clearing membership; 
(ii) Globex System access documentation; 
(iii) Settlement bank account documents to permit the Clearing House to collect and  disperse monies 
directly to the FICM; 
(iv) An acknowledgement from the guarantor that it agrees to guarantee the  
performance and financial 
obligations of the FICM to the Clearing House for certain identified interest rate products; 
(v) Authorization to the Clearing House to verify, at its discretion, the transactions and open positions of 
the FICM in U.S. Treasury Securities; 
(vi) Authorization to the Clearing House to deliver the FICM’s trade register and recap ledger to the 
FICM’s Clearing Member guarantor;  
(vii) A Clearing Member and FICM authorization pursuant to which the Clearing Member/guarantor will 
be authorized to submit complete and accurate transaction and position information respecting the 
U.S Treasury Securities of the FICM to the Clearing House; and 
(viii) Any additional documents or information requested by the Clearing House for risk management 
purposes. 
Exchange staff may grant exceptions to the requirements of Rule 900.B. for good cause if it is determined 
that such exceptions will not jeopardize the financial integrity of the Exchange.  
901. 
GENERAL REQUIREMENTS AND OBLIGATIONS   
Membership in the Clearing House is a privilege and license granted by the Board and may be withdrawn 
by the Board for cause at any time.  Clearing House staff may grant exemptions to the General 
Requirements and Obligations set forth below for Clearing Members if it is determined that such an 
exemption will not jeopardize the financial integrity of the Clearing House.  Subject to such exemptions, 
each applicant for qualification as a clearing member must satisfy the following requirements: 
A. It shall be a corporation (defined by the Rules of the Exchange to include a limited liability company), 
partnership or other entity approved by Exchange staff.  It shall agree to: 1) abide by all Exchange 
Rules and to cooperate in their enforcement; 2) be responsible, even after it has withdrawn as a 
clearing member, for any violations of Exchange Rules committed by it while it was a clearing 
member; and 3) continue to meet all requirements applicable to clearing members, including all 
financial requirements provided by these rules;  
B. It shall have an authorized representative (i.e., officer, principal, or partner) who shall represent the 
clearing member before the Exchange and its committees.  Such authorized representative shall be 
responsible to the Exchange for any representations made to the Exchange as if such person were 
a member as defined by Rule 400.  
C. It shall be qualified to do business in the State of Illinois or the State of New York or have a valid 
agency agreement with an entity qualified to do business in the State of Illinois or the State of New 
York;1 
D. It shall be engaged in or demonstrate immediate capacity to engage in the conduct of the business 
of a clearing member; 
E. It shall demonstrate such fiscal and moral integrity as would justify the Clearing House's assumption 
of the risks inherent in clearing its trades; 
F. 
It shall demonstrate financial capitalization commensurate with Exchange requirements as set by the 
Clearing House Risk Committee; 
G. If any person directly or indirectly controls, owns 10% or more of, or has the right to 10% or more of 
the profits of two or more clearing members, then each such clearing member shall guarantee the 
obligations of the others to the Clearing House and shall execute a written guarantee to the Clearing 
 
1 Revised December 2008. 


 
 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 6 of 31 
 
 
House on a form approved by the Clearing House. 
H. It shall notify the Exchange prior to any significant business transaction or significant change in 
operations which shall include, but is not limited to the following: 
1. 
The merger, combination or consolidation between the clearing member and another person or 
entity; 
2. 
The assumption or guarantee by the clearing member of all or substantially all of the liabilities of 
another in connection with a direct or indirect acquisition of all or substantially all of that person's 
or entity's assets; 
3. 
The sale by the clearing member of a significant part of its business and/or assets to another 
person or entity; 
4. 
A change in the direct or indirect beneficial ownership of 20% or more of the clearing member; 
5. 
Any change in the system provider used by the clearing member to process its trades; and 
6. 
A significant increase in the number of members that a clearing member qualifies. 
Additionally, a clearing member that qualifies members must provide fifteen days notice to the 
Exchange of any proposal to terminate such business or any material part of such business. 
The relevant committee or Exchange staff, upon such notice, may disapprove or approve, subject to 
certain conditions, such changes in structure or operations if it determines that the proposed change 
could jeopardize the financial or operational integrity of the Exchange or the Clearing House. For 
purposes of this Rule, the Clearing House Oversight Committee shall be the relevant committee with 
respect to corporate organization and structure changes and the Clearing House Risk Committee 
shall be the relevant committee with respect to all other changes. 
I. 
It shall agree to guarantee and assume complete responsibility for the financial obligations attendant 
to: 1) all trades and orders executed or accepted for execution by a member it qualifies, including 
trades and orders executed, or which such member fails to execute, negligently, fraudulently or in 
violation of Exchange rules; 2) an unpaid arbitration award issued by a panel of the Arbitration 
Committee against a member it qualifies in circumstances where the dispute is related to a matter 
described in number 1) above; 3) an unpaid restitution order issued against a member it qualifies by 
a panel of the Business Conduct Committee, the Clearing House Risk Committee or a hearing panel 
of the Board of Directors; and 4) unpaid Exchange disciplinary fines imposed upon a member it 
qualifies if the member is also an employee of the clearing member or its affiliate, subject to a 
determination by the sanctioning entity.  
J. 
It shall notify the Financial and Regulatory Surveillance Department in a timely manner of any 
material change in key personnel who are responsible to act on behalf of the clearing member. 
K.  [Reserved]  
L. 
[Reserved] 
M. It shall guarantee and assume financial responsibility for all trading activity routed through a Globex 
portal, or routed through any other electronic trading system to CME for clearing of such transactions.  
Such activity is guaranteed to CME by the clearing member via any connection, terminal, link, 
telecommunications hub or handheld unit provided by the clearing member to a third party as well as 
any other applicable electronic trading systems and terminals that the clearing member provides to 
a third party to enter orders.   
N. It shall be responsible for the acts of Globex terminal operators accessing the Globex system through 
its connections, including direct connections or other connections that it provides to firms that are 
under common ownership with it.  It shall be the duty of the clearing member to supervise its 
employees and agents acting as Globex terminal operators to ensure such employees and agents 
comply with Exchange rules, and any violation of Exchange rules by such terminal operators shall 
be considered a violation by the clearing member.  
O. It shall agree to guarantee and assume complete responsibility for trades executed on Marketplaces 
for which the Exchange provides clearing services.  
P. Each clearing member shall use systems and appropriate procedures to track accurately, and to 
provide to the Clearing House accurately, the positions and collateral of each of the cleared swaps 
customers. 


 
 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 7 of 31 
 
 
Q. Requirement to Establish Uncommitted Repo. Each clearing member that is a U.S. Government 
Securities Broker-Dealer or has a U.S. Government Securities Broker-Dealer affiliate shall enter into 
(or arrange for such affiliate, or an affiliate that is a bank, to enter into) a master repurchase 
agreement with CME on terms substantially similar to those set out by the Clearing House. Each 
clearing member that has entered into such master repurchase agreement shall (or shall cause its 
affiliate that has entered into such master repurchase agreement to) periodically test repurchase 
transactions with the Clearing House when requested by the Clearing House. 
R. Reserved 
S. The obligation of a clearing member to pay settlement variation during each settlement cycle is 
satisfied when all required cash is credited as a settlement variation payment into the correct CME 
bank account at the relevant settlement bank. The obligation of a clearing member to post 
performance bond during each settlement cycle is satisfied when all required assets are deposited 
as performance bond into the correct CME bank account at the relevant custodial bank. 
T. 
To clear transactions in futures or options on futures executed on or subject to the rules of a foreign 
board of trade identified in Rule 8C04, the applicant must meet any other conditions that the Clearing 
House may require. 
 
902. 
CLEARING MEMBERSHIP ASSIGNMENT REQUIREMENTS   
902.A. 
Assignment Requirement  
Subject to exemptions granted by Exchange staff, each CME clearing member shall have at least: two 
CME memberships, two IMM memberships, two IOM memberships and one GEM membership assigned 
to the Clearing House. A clearing member which was an IMM Class A clearing member on or prior to May 
6, 1987, shall have at least one CME membership, three IMM memberships, two IOM memberships and 
one GEM membership assigned to the Clearing House. A higher Division membership may be substituted 
for a lower Division membership to satisfy these requirements. 
At least one CME, one IMM, one IOM and one GEM membership required for clearing membership 
pursuant to this Rule must be owned by the clearing member or a person, including a parent company, 
with an acceptable proprietary interest in such clearing member. One CME, one IMM, and one IOM 
membership required for clearing membership may be independently assigned. 
Upon default of a clearing member in meeting its obligations to the Clearing House or upon the Clearing 
House Risk Committee's determination that a clearing member's financial position jeopardizes the 
financial integrity of the Clearing House, the Clearing House may direct the sale of any or all of the clearing 
member's assigned CME memberships. The proceeds from the sale of the CME memberships shall be 
used to satisfy Rule 110 obligations. 
902.B. 
[Reserved]  
902.C. 
Assignment Process  
A membership may be assigned upon the completion of an Exchange-approved form. A membership may 
be assigned on behalf of only one clearing member and may not be subject to any Rule 110 claims at the 
time of assignment. Upon submitting an assignment form to the Membership Services Department, the 
membership shall be notified of the assignment. Parties will have ten days after the notification of the 
assignment to submit any Rule 110 claims against the membership being assigned. After all Rule 110 
claims have been resolved to the satisfaction of the Exchange, the membership shall be assigned. 
902.D. 
Assignment Substitutions  
A clearing member may substitute a membership for an assigned membership provided that the clearing 
member continues to meet the assignment requirements of this Rule.  
In the event a clearing member has a valid claim against a member that it qualifies and the member’s 
membership is assigned to another clearing member, the clearing member utilizing the membership for 
assignment shall have 10 business days to substitute another membership to fulfill the assignment 
requirements of this Rule.   
902.E. 
Assignment Withdrawal Disputes  
In the event a member wants to withdraw his assigned membership over the objection of the clearing 
member to which the membership is assigned, such member must request permission to do so from 


 
 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 8 of 31 
 
 
Clearing House staff.  The request must be in writing with a copy delivered to the clearing member to 
which the membership is assigned. 
902.F. 
Lien on Memberships   
Each clearing member hereby grants to the Clearing House a first priority and unencumbered lien against 
all memberships required for clearing membership by the Exchange. 
903.  
RESPONSIBILITY FOR QUALIFIED MEMBERS 
A. A clearing member that qualifies a member thereby guarantees and assumes complete responsibility 
for the financial obligations attendant to: 1) all trades and orders executed or accepted for execution 
by such member, including trades or orders executed, or which such member fails to execute, 
negligently, fraudulently or in violation of Exchange rules; 2) an unpaid arbitration award issued by a 
panel of the Arbitration Committee against such member in circumstances where the dispute is 
related to a matter described in number 1) above; 3) an unpaid restitution order issued against such 
member by a panel of the Business Conduct Committee, the Clearing House Risk Committee or a 
hearing panel of the Board of Directors; and 4) unpaid Exchange disciplinary fines imposed upon 
such member if the member is also an employee of the clearing member or its affiliate, subject to a 
determination by the sanctioning entity. 
B. To qualify traders, a clearing member must have established systems in place for trade submission, 
clearing, and settlement/banking with the Clearing House. 
C. No member may be qualified by more than one clearing member at one time. 
D. A member may not transfer his qualification unless he has obtained a written release from the 
clearing member last qualifying him.  A release shall not be withheld unless a member has an 
unsatisfied indebtedness to the clearing member last qualifying him where the indebtedness is due 
to a deficit arising from transactions on the Exchange or where the clearing member last qualifying 
him is the guarantor under an existing valid guarantee of a loan which had been made to the member 
exclusively for the purpose of financing the purchase of the member’s membership.  A member who 
believes his qualifying clearing member is unreasonably withholding a release necessary to permit 
the member to be qualified by a different clearing member may request a hearing before a Panel of 
the Business Conduct Committee as provided in Rule 511.  Any other disputes between the parties 
shall be resolved, to the extent permitted by the rules, through the arbitration procedures set forth in 
Chapter 6.  
E. A clearing member may, without prior notice, revoke a member’s authorization to trade by written 
revocation filed with the Shareholder Relations and Membership Services Department.  Such 
revocation shall be effective and the member’s qualification to trade shall terminate when notice of 
the disqualification is posted on the Exchange floor.  A member shall not appear upon the floor of the 
Exchange until he has been requalified. 
F. 
A member shall place all trades, including trades for his own account or any account which he 
controls, on the books of his qualifying clearing member unless written authorization to the contrary 
from said clearing member has been filed with the Shareholder Relations and Membership Services 
Department.  Regardless of such authorization, a member in a deficit position with any clearing 
member shall place trades only through his qualifying clearing member.  Any non-qualifying clearing 
member that carries a member’s account in a deficit position shall promptly notify the clearing 
member that is qualifying such member. 
G. No clearing member shall provide Globex access to, or clear any trade for, an employee, qualified 
trader or other representative of another clearing member without the written consent of such clearing 
member.  No clearing member shall provide Globex access to, or clear any trade for, a person in a 
partnership with another clearing member without the written consent of all partners.  Such written 
consent shall be filed with the Shareholder Relations and Membership Services Department. 
H. In the case of a member who has Globex access guaranteed by a clearing member other than his 
qualifying clearing member, the qualifying clearing member may terminate the member’s ability to 
place orders through Globex by notifying the clearing member providing the member access to 
Globex.  The clearing member providing the access to Globex will be responsible for ensuring that 
the member does not place orders through Globex. 
904. 
 
FUNDS IN TRADING ACCOUNTS CARRIED BY CLEARING MEMBERS 


 
 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 9 of 31 
 
 
 If a Member (as defined in Rule 400) trades in excess of written limits prescribed by his qualifying or 
guaranteeing clearing member or a clearing member through which such  
Member is authorized by 
his qualifying clearing member to trade pursuant to Rule 511 without sufficient funds in his account to 
margin the position, or if the Member is alleged to have engaged in reckless and unbusinesslike dealing 
inconsistent with just and equitable principles of trade, and such trades are profitable, the disposition of 
any and all funds in the applicable trading account(s) may be suspended by the carrying clearing member.  
The claim of a carrying clearing member to such profits shall be submitted to arbitration pursuant to the 
provisions of Chapter 6.  The Member may request a hearing to be held as  soon as practicable before 
a Chairman of the Arbitration Committee to determine the  amount of any profits that should remain 
subject to a continued suspension pending an arbitration hearing on the full merits of the claim.  
905. 
 
CHOICE OF LAW 
(a)  THE RULES OF THE EXCHANGE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF ILLINOIS, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO 
ITS CONFLICT-OF-LAW PRINCIPLES. EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED IN CHAPTERS 4, 
5 AND 6 OF THE RULEBOOK, ANY ACTION, CLAIM, DISPUTE OR LITIGATION OF ANY KIND 
BETWEEN THE CLEARING MEMBER AND THE EXCHANGE ARISING FROM THE CLEARING 
MEMBER’S MEMBERSHIP IN THE EXCHANGE SHALL BE ADJUCIDATED IN A FEDERAL OR 
STATE COURT IN CHICAGO, ILLINOIS. CLEARING MEMBERS CONSENT TO THE 
JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURT AND TO SERVICE OF PROCESS BY ANY MEANS 
AUTHORIZED BY ILLINOIS OR U.S. FEDERAL LAW, AND SHALL NOT SEEK TO TRANSFER 
THE VENUE OF SUCH LITIGATION. 
 
(b)  EACH CLEARING MEMBER IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, WITH RESPECT TO ITSELF AND ITS 
REVENUES AND ASSETS, ANY IMMUNITY ON THE GROUND OF SOVEREIGNTY OR OTHER 
SIMILAR GROUNDS FROM SUIT, JURISDICTION OF ANY COURT, INJUNCTIVE RELIEF, 
ORDER FOR SPECIFIC PERFORMANCE OR FOR RECOVERY OF PROPERTY, ATTACHMENT 
OF ASSETS, AND EXECUTION OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT TO WHICH IT OR ITS 
REVENUES OR ASSETS MIGHT OTHERWISE BE ENTITLED IN ANY PROCEEDINGS IN THE 
COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION, AND IRREVOCABLY AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT CLAIM ANY 
SUCH IMMUNITY IN ANY PROCEEDINGS. 
906-909. 
 
[RESERVED] 
 
APPLICATION PROCEDURES FOR CLEARING MEMBERS 
 
910. 
APPLICATION FORMS   
Applicants for clearing membership shall submit an application, financial statements and other 
documentation as Clearing House staff shall require. 
911. 
SCREENING PROCEDURES   
Upon receipt of an application, the Financial and Regulatory Surveillance Department shall investigate 
the applicant's qualifications, which may include an examination of the books and records of the applicant.   
912. 
APPROVAL   
An applicant for clearing membership receiving a majority vote of the Clearing House Oversight 
Committee shall be approved effective immediately.  
An applicant that fails to receive a majority vote shall be informed by the Clearing House Oversight 
Committee chairman and shall have 10 days thereafter to file an appeal to the Board seeking further 
consideration.  The Board may approve the applicant by a majority vote if it is satisfied that the Clearing 
House Oversight Committee's decision was arbitrary, capricious or an abuse of the Clearing House 
Oversight Committee’s discretion. 
913. 
WITHDRAWAL FROM CLEARING MEMBERSHIP   
913.A. 
Voluntary Withdrawal 
A clearing member that intends to withdraw from clearing membership for Base Guaranty Fund Products 
shall provide written notice of such intent to the Clearing House and the Clearing House Oversight 
Committee.  A clearing member’s withdrawal shall be effective on the earlier of (i) the date Clearing House 


 
 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 10 of 31 
 
 
Staff approves such withdrawal or (ii) the 10th Business Day following the date of the clearing cycle in 
which the withdrawing clearing member liquidates or transfers to an appropriate clearing member all of 
its open customer and house positions in Base Guaranty Fund Products (such earlier date, the “Base 
Withdrawal Date”); provided that the withdrawing clearing member shall remain liable for Base Guaranty 
Fund contributions and assessments in accordance with Rule 913.B.  Promptly following the Base 
Withdrawal Date, the Clearing House shall post a notice of the clearing member’s withdrawal. 
913.B. 
Release of Guaranty Fund Deposit, Membership Proceeds and Assignments 
When a clearing member withdraws from clearing membership for Base Guaranty Fund Products 
(whether voluntarily or involuntarily), its Base Guaranty Fund deposit, the proceeds from the sale of its 
memberships assigned for clearing qualification or any other deposits required by the Clearing House, 
and any remaining assets available to the Clearing House associated with Base Guaranty Fund Products 
including, but not limited to, memberships will be released when Clearing House staff determines that the 
following has occurred: (1) all contracts and obligations with the Exchange have been settled and paid, 
(2) all sums owing to the Exchange have been paid, (3) all obligations to other members and customers 
arising out of claims directly related to Base Guaranty Fund Products cleared on the Exchange have been 
paid or otherwise provided for, (4) all obligations to other members and customers arising out of other 
arbitration claims for Base Guaranty Fund Products filed pursuant to Chapter 6 have been paid or 
otherwise provided for and (5) the requisite liquidity providers for the Exchange have released the security 
interest in such clearing member's "assets" associated with the clearing of Base Guaranty Fund Products 
in accordance with the terms of the liquidity facility described in Rule 817; provided, however, that in the 
event that Exchange staff determines that all of the foregoing other than (4) have occurred, the Clearing 
House Risk Committee may in its discretion authorize the release of such property. 
Generally, no such property shall be released prior to the 60th day following the posting of the notice of 
the clearing member's withdrawal. Notwithstanding the above, Clearing House staff may grant an 
exemption to the above restriction for good cause shown. Further, for purposes of the paragraph above, 
if the withdrawing clearing member will not remain a clearing member in any other capacity with the 
Exchange, all obligations of the withdrawing clearing member to the Exchange, of whatever nature or 
kind, shall be accelerated and become due and payable upon the effective date of withdrawal. If the 
clearing member will remain a clearing member for other product classes other than Base Guaranty Fund 
Products, the foregoing sentence shall apply only to obligations related to the clearing of Base Guaranty 
Fund Products. 
For purposes of Rules 802 and 816, the Base Guaranty Fund contributions and assessments of a non-
defaulted clearing member that has withdrawn shall not be accessible by the Clearing House to satisfy 
any losses in respect of the default of another clearing member where such default occurred after the 
Base Cooling Off Period as of which the withdrawing clearing member had liquidated or transferred all of 
its open customer and house positions in Base Guaranty Fund Products. For the avoidance of doubt, a 
withdrawing clearing member shall be subject to assessments for all defaults occurring during the Base 
Cooling Off Period in which such clearing member withdraws. 
914.-929. 
[RESERVED] 
 
ACCOUNT HOLDER PERFORMANCE BOND REQUIREMENTS 
 
930. 
PERFORMANCE BOND REQUIREMENTS:  ACCOUNT HOLDER LEVEL 
930.A. 
Performance Bond System 
The Standard Portfolio Analysis of Risk (“SPAN®”) Performance Bond System and SPAN 2 are the 
performance bond systems adopted by the Exchange. SPAN and SPAN 2-generated performance bond 
requirements shall constitute Exchange performance bond requirements. All references to performance 
bond within the rules of the Exchange shall relate to those computed by the SPAN or SPAN 2 systems, 
except for cleared over-the-counter (“OTC”) foreign exchange (“FX”) and interest rate swap (“IRS”) 
transactions, where the Historical Value at Risk (“HVaR”) Performance Bond System is used for cleared 
OTC FX and IRS transaction performance bonds.  
Performance bond systems other than the SPAN and SPAN 2 systems may be used to meet Exchange 
performance bond requirements if the clearing member can demonstrate that its system will always 


 
 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 11 of 31 
 
 
produce a performance bond requirement equal to or greater than the SPAN and SPAN 2 performance 
bond requirements. 
930.B. 
Performance Bond Rates  
1. 
Non-Security Futures and OTC Derivatives 
Exchange staff shall determine initial and maintenance performance bond rates used in determining 
Exchange performance bond requirements.  The Board reserves the right to change or modify any 
performance bond levels determined by Exchange staff. 
2. 
Security Futures  
a. 
Initial and maintenance performance bond (or “margin”) rates used in determining Exchange 
performance bond requirements applied to Security Futures on behalf of Customers, whether 
effected on the Exchange or on a Marketplace apart from Exchange but cleared by the Clearing 
House per Chapter 8B, and held in a futures account, shall be established at levels no lower 
than those prescribed by CFTC Regulation Section 41.45; and, SEC Regulation 242.403, 
including any successor Regulations.  
b. 
As used in this Rule, the term “Customer” does not include (a) an “exempted person” as defined 
in CFTC Regulation 41.43(a)(9) and SEC Regulation 242.401(a)(9); or (b) Market Makers as 
defined below.  
A Person shall be a “Market Maker” for purposes of this Rule, and shall be excluded from the 
requirements set forth in CFTC Regulations 41.42 through 41.49; and, SEC Regulations 242.400 
through 242.406 in accordance with CFTC Regulation 41.42(c)(2)(v) and SEC Regulation 
242.400(c)(2)(v), with respect to all trading in Security Futures for its own account, if such Person 
is an Exchange Member that is registered with the Exchange as a “Security Futures Dealer.”   
Each Market Maker shall: (a) be a member of the Exchange; or, be registered as a dealer with 
the SEC under Section 15(b) of the Exchange Act; (b) maintain records sufficient to prove 
compliance with the requirements set forth in this Rule and CFTC Regulation 41.42(c)(2)(v) and 
SEC Regulation 242.400(c)(2)(v), including without limitation, trading account statements and 
other financial records sufficient to detail activity and verify conformance with the standards set 
forth herein; and (c) hold itself out as being willing to buy and sell Security Futures for its own 
account on a regular or continuous basis. 
A Market Maker satisfies condition (c) above if, at a minimum, any of the following three 
requirements are fulfilled: 
(1)  The Market Maker: 
 
(i) 
Provides continuous two-sided quotations throughout the trading day for all delivery 
months of Security Futures Contracts representing a meaningful proportion of the 
total trading volume of Security Futures Contracts on the Exchange, subject to 
relaxation during unusual market conditions as determined by the Exchange (such as 
a fast market in either a Security Futures Contract or a security underlying a Security 
Futures Contract) at which times the Market Maker must use its best efforts to quote 
continuously and competitively; and  
 
 
(ii) When providing quotations, quotes with a maximum bid/ask spread no more than the 
greater of $0.20 or 150% of the bid/ask spread in the primary market for the security 
underlying each Security Futures Contract.  
(2) The Market Maker: 
 
(i) 
Responds to at least 75% of the requests for quotation for all delivery months of 
Security Futures Contracts representing a meaningful proportion of the total trading 
volume of Security Futures Contracts on the Exchange, subject to relaxation during 
unusual market conditions as determined by the Exchange (such as a fast market in 
either a Security Futures Contract or a security underlying a Security Futures Contract) 
at which times the Market Maker must use its best efforts to quote competitively; and  
 
(ii) When responding to requests for quotation, quotes within five seconds with a maximum 


 
 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 12 of 31 
 
 
bid/ask spread no more than the greater of $0.20 or 150% of the bid/ask spread in the 
primary market for the security underlying each Security Futures Contract.    
(3) The Market Maker:  
 
(i) 
Is assigned to a group of Security Futures Contracts listed on the Exchange that is 
either unlimited in nature (“Unlimited Assignment”); or, is assigned to no more that 20% 
of the Security Futures Contracts listed on the Exchange (“Limited Assignment”); 
 
(ii) At least 75% of the Market Maker’s total trading activity in Exchange Security Futures 
Contracts is in its assigned Security Futures Contracts, measured on a quarterly basis; 
 
(iii) During at least 50% of the trading day the Market Maker has bids or offers in the market 
that are at or near the best market, except in unusual market conditions as determined 
by the Exchange (such as a fast market in either a Security Futures Contract or a 
security underlying a Security Futures Contract), with respect to at least 25% (in the 
case of an Unlimited Assignment) or at least one (in the case of a Limited Assignment) 
of its assigned Security Futures Contracts; and  
 
(iv) The requirements in (ii) and (iii) above are satisfied on: (a) at least 90% of the trading 
days in each calendar quarter by Market Makers who have undertaken an Unlimited 
Assignment; or (b) at least 80% of the trading days in each calendar quarter by Market 
Makers who have undertaken a Limited Assignment; or (c) on at least 80% of the 
trading days in each calendar quarter by Market Makers who have undertaken either 
an Unlimited Assignment or Limited Assignment but where the Exchange is listing four 
(4) or fewer Security Futures Contracts.   
For purposes of clauses (1) and (2) above, beginning on the 181st calendar day after the 
commencement of trading of Security Futures Contracts on the Exchange, a “meaningful 
proportion of the total trading volume of Security Futures Contracts on the Exchange” shall mean 
a minimum of 20% of such trading volume.  
Any Market Maker that fails to comply with the applicable Rules of the Exchange, CFTC 
Regulations 41.41 through 41.49 and SEC Regulations 242.400 through 242.406 shall be 
subject to disciplinary action in accordance with Chapter 4.  Appropriate sanctions in the case 
of any such failure shall include, without limitation, a revocation of such Market Maker’s 
registration as a Security Futures Dealer.   
c. 
The Exchange shall establish initial and maintenance performance bond requirements 
applicable to Security Futures and held in a futures account, provided that the performance bond 
requirement for any long or short position held by a clearing member on behalf of a Customer 
shall not be less than 20% of the current market value of the relevant Contract; or, such other 
requirement as may be established by the CFTC and SEC for purposes of CFTC Regulation 
41.45(b)(1) and SEC Regulation 242.403(b)(1) except as provided below. 
d. 
Initial and maintenance performance bond requirements for offsetting positions involving 
Security Futures and related positions are provided in the schedule below, for purposes of CFTC 
Regulation 41.45(b)(2) and SEC Regulation 242.403(b)(2).  
 
PERFORMANCE BOND (or “MARGIN”) REQUIREMENTS FOR OFFSETTING POSITIONS 
 


 
 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 13 of 31 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF 
OFFSET 
SECURITY 
UNDERLYING 
THE SECURITY 
FUTURE 
INITIAL MARGIN 
REQUIREMENT 
MAINTENANCE MARGIN 
REQUIREMENT 
Long security future (or 
basket of security 
futures representing 
each component of a 
narrow-based 
securities index)  and 
long put option on the 
same underlying 
security (or index) 
Individual stock or 
narrow-based 
security index 
20% of the 
current market 
value of the long 
security future, 
plus pay for the 
long put in full. 
The lower of: (1) 10% of the 
aggregate exercise price of 
the put plus the aggregate put 
out-of-the-money amount, if 
any; or (2) 20% of the current 
market value of the long 
security future. 
Short security future (or 
basket of security 
futures representing 
each component of a 
narrow-based 
securities index) and 
short put option on the 
same underlying 
security (or index) 
Individual stock or 
narrow-based 
security index 
20% of the 
current market 
value of the short 
security future, 
plus the 
aggregate put in-
the-money 
amount, if any.  
Proceeds from 
the put sale may 
be applied. 
20% of the current market 
value of the short security 
future, plus the aggregate put 
in-the-money amount, if any. 
Long security future 
and short position in 
the same security (or 
securities basket) 
underlying the security 
future 
Individual stock or 
narrow-based 
security index 
The initial margin 
required under 
Regulation T for 
the short stock or 
stocks. 
5% of the current market 
value as defined in Regulation 
T of the stock or stocks 
underlying the security future. 
Long security future (or 
basket of security 
futures representing 
each component of a 
narrow-based 
securities index) and 
short call option on the 
same underlying 
security (or index) 
Individual stock or 
narrow-based 
security index 
20% of the 
current market 
value of the long 
security future, 
plus the 
aggregate call in-
the-money 
amount, if any.  
Proceeds from 
the call sale may 
be applied. 
20% of the current market 
value of the long security 
future, plus the aggregate call 
in-the-money amount, if any. 
Long a basket of 
narrow-based security 
futures that together 
tracks a broad-based 
index and short a 
broad-based security 
index call option 
contract on the same 
index 
Narrow-based 
security index 
20% of the 
current market 
value of the long 
basket of narrow-
based security 
futures, plus the 
aggregate call in-
the-money 
amount, if any.  
Proceeds from 
the call sale may 
be applied. 
20% of the current market 
value of the long basket of 
narrow-based security futures, 
plus the aggregate call in-the-
money amount, if any. 


 
 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 14 of 31 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF 
OFFSET 
SECURITY 
UNDERLYING 
THE SECURITY 
FUTURE 
INITIAL MARGIN 
REQUIREMENT 
MAINTENANCE MARGIN 
REQUIREMENT 
Short a basket of 
narrow-based security 
futures that together 
tracks a broad-based 
security index and 
short a broad-based 
security index put 
option contract on the 
same index 
Narrow-based 
security index 
20% of the 
current market 
value of the short 
basket of narrow-
based security 
futures, plus the 
aggregate put in-
the-money 
amount, if any.  
Proceeds from 
the put sale may 
be applied. 
20% of the current market 
value of the short basket of 
narrow-based security futures, 
plus the aggregate put in-the-
money amount, if any. 
Long a basket of 
narrow-based security 
futures that together 
tracks a broad-based 
security index and long 
a broad-based security 
index put option 
contract on the same 
index 
Narrow-based 
security index 
20% of the 
current market 
value of the long 
basket of narrow-
based security 
futures, plus pay 
for the long put in 
full. 
The lower of:  (1) 10% of the 
aggregate exercise price of 
the put, plus the aggregate put 
out-of-the-money amount, if 
any; or (2) 20% of the current 
market value of the long 
basket of security futures. 
Short a basket of 
narrow-based security 
futures that together 
tracks a broad-based 
security index and long 
a broad-based security 
index call option 
contract on the same 
index 
Narrow-based 
security index 
20% of the 
current market 
value of the short 
basket of narrow-
based security 
futures, plus pay 
for the long call in 
full. 
The lower of:  (1) 10% of the 
aggregate exercise price of 
the call, plus the aggregate 
call out-of-the-money amount, 
if any; or (2) 20% of the 
current market value of the 
short basket of security 
futures. 
Long security future 
and short security 
future on the same 
underlying security (or 
index) 
Individual stock or 
narrow-based 
security index. 
The greater of:  
5% of the current 
market value of 
the long security 
future; or (2) 5% 
of the current 
market value of 
the short security 
future. 
The greater of:  5% of the 
current market value of the 
long security future; or (2) 5% 
of the current market value of 
the short security future. 
Long security future, 
long put option and 
short call option.  The 
long security future, 
long put and short call 
must be on the same 
underlying security and 
the put and call must 
have the same 
exercise price.  
(Conversion) 
Individual stock or 
narrow-based 
security index. 
20% of the 
current market 
value of the long 
security future, 
plus the 
aggregate call in-
the-money 
amount, if any, 
plus pay for the 
put in full.  
Proceeds from 
the call sale may 
be applied. 
10% of the aggregate exercise 
price, plus the aggregate call 
in-the-money amount, if any. 


 
 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 15 of 31 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF 
OFFSET 
SECURITY 
UNDERLYING 
THE SECURITY 
FUTURE 
INITIAL MARGIN 
REQUIREMENT 
MAINTENANCE MARGIN 
REQUIREMENT 
Long security future, 
long put option and 
short call option.  The 
long security future, 
long put and short call 
must be on the same 
underlying security and 
the put exercise price 
must be below the call 
exercise price (Collar) 
Individual stock or 
narrow-based 
security index. 
20% of the 
current market 
value of the long 
security future, 
plus the 
aggregate call in-
the-money 
amount, if any, 
plus pay for the 
put in full.  
Proceeds from 
call sale may be 
applied. 
The lower of:  (1) 10% of the 
aggregate exercise price of 
the put plus the aggregate put 
out-of-the money amount, if 
any; or (2) 20% of the 
aggregate exercise price of 
the call, plus the aggregate 
call in-the-money amount, if 
any. 
Short security future 
and long position in the 
same security (or 
securities basket) 
underlying the security 
future 
Individual stock or 
narrow-based 
security index. 
The initial margin 
required under 
Regulation T for 
the long stock or 
stocks. 
5% of the current market 
value, as defined in 
Regulation T, of the long stock 
or stocks. 
Short security future 
and long position in a 
security immediately 
convertible into the 
same security 
underlying the security 
future, without 
restriction, including the 
payment of money 
Individual stock or 
narrow-based 
security index. 
The initial margin 
required under 
Regulation T for 
the long security. 
10% of the current market 
value, as defined in 
Regulation T, of the long 
security. 
Short security future (or 
basket of security 
futures representing 
each component of a 
narrow-based 
securities index) and 
long call option or 
warrant on the same 
underlying security (or 
index) 
Individual stock or 
narrow-based 
security index. 
20% of the 
current market 
value of the short 
security future, 
plus pay for the 
call in full. 
The lower of:  (1) 10% of the 
aggregate exercise price of 
the call, plus the aggregate 
call out-of-the-money amount, 
if any; or (2) 20% of the 
current market value of the 
short security future. 
Short security future, 
Short put option and 
long call option.  The 
short security future, 
short put and long call 
must be on the same 
underlying security and 
the put and call must 
have the same 
exercise price.  
(Reverse Conversion) 
Individual stock or 
narrow-based 
security index. 
20% of the 
current market 
value of the short 
security future, 
plus the 
aggregate put in-
the-money 
amount, if any, 
plus pay for the 
call in full.  
Proceeds from 
put sale may be 
applied. 
10% of the aggregate exercise 
price, plus the aggregate put 
in-the-money amount, if any. 


 
 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 16 of 31 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF 
OFFSET 
SECURITY 
UNDERLYING 
THE SECURITY 
FUTURE 
INITIAL MARGIN 
REQUIREMENT 
MAINTENANCE MARGIN 
REQUIREMENT 
Long (short) a basket 
of security futures, 
each based on a 
narrow-based security 
index that together 
tracks the broad-based 
index and short (long) a 
broad-based index 
future 
Narrow-based 
security index 
5% of the current 
market value for 
the long (short) 
basket of security 
futures. 
5% of the current market 
value of the long (short) 
basket of security futures. 
Long (short) a basket 
of security futures that 
together tracks a 
narrow-based index 
and short (long) a 
narrow-based index 
future 
Individual stock or 
narrow-based 
security index 
The greater of:  
(1) 5% of the 
current market 
value of the long 
security future(s); 
or (2) 5% of the 
current market 
value of the short 
security future(s). 
The greater of:  (1) 5% of  the 
current market value of the 
long security future(s); or (2) 
5% of the current market 
value of the short security 
future(s). 
Long (short) a security 
future and short (long) 
an identical security 
future traded on a 
different market. 
Individual stock or 
narrow-based 
security index 
The greater of:  
(1) 3% of the 
current market 
value of the long 
security future(s); 
or (2) 3% of the 
current market 
value of the short 
security future(s). 
The greater of:  (1) 3% of the 
current market value of the 
long security future(s); or 
(2) 3% of the current market 
value of the short security 
future(s). 
 
930.C. 
Acceptable Performance Bond Deposits  
1. 
Non-Security Futures and OTC Derivatives 
Clearing members may accept from their account holders as performance bond cash currencies of 
any denomination, readily marketable securities (as defined by SEC Rule 15c3-1(c)(11) and 
applicable SEC interpretations), money market mutual funds allowable under CFTC Regulation 1.25, 
bank–issued letters of credit, fully collateralized pass-through letters of credit allowable under 
the Clearing House’s collateral acceptance programs, warrants, warehouse receipts and 
shipping certificates that are registered as deliverable for commodities traded on Chicago Mercantile 
Exchange Inc., Chicago Board of Trade Inc., New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. or Commodity 
Exchange, Inc., and “London Good Delivery” gold, as defined by the London Bullion Market 
Association. 
Clearing members shall not accept as performance bond from an account holder securities that have 
been issued, sponsored or otherwise guaranteed by the account holder or an affiliate of the account 
holder unless the clearing member files a petition with and receives permission from Clearing House 
staff. 
Unless permitted (either not restricted or specifically authorized) by the U.S. Department of 
Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”) and/or any Sanctioning Body, as applicable, 
Clearing members may not accept from their account holders as performance bond any debt or equity 
security issued by Sanctioned Parties as defined in Rule 543, assets in which Sanctioned Parties 
have an interest, or any other assets that are or would be  subject to blocking restrictions or sectoral 
sanction restrictions imposed by the OFAC or are subject to similar restrictions imposed by another 
Sanctioning Body. 
 


 
 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 17 of 31 
 
 
Bank-issued letters of credit and fully collateralized pass through letters of credit must be in a 
form acceptable to the Clearing House.  Such letters of credit must be drawable in the United States.  
Clearing members shall not accept as performance bond from an account holder letters of credit 
issued by the account holder, an affiliate of the account holder, the clearing member, or an affiliate 
of the clearing member. 
All assets deposited by account holders to meet performance bond requirements must be and remain 
unencumbered by third party claims against the depositing account holder. 
Except to the extent that Clearing House staff shall prescribe otherwise, cash currency performance 
bond deposits shall be valued at market value.  All other performance bond deposits other than letters 
of credit, warrants, warehouse receipts and shipping certificates shall be valued at an amount not to 
exceed market value less applicable haircuts as set forth in SEC Rule 240.15c3-1.  Warrants, 
warehouse receipts and shipping certificates shall be valued at an amount not to exceed the market 
value of the commodities represented by the warrants, warehouse receipts or shipping certificates, 
less a deduction in the same amount as the inventory haircut specified in Commission Regulation 
1.17(c)(5)(ii). 
2. 
Security Futures 
a. 
Clearing Members may accept from their Customers as performance bond (or “margin”) for 
Security Futures held in a futures account, deposits of cash, margin securities (subject to the 
limitations set forth in the following sentence), exempted securities, any other assets permitted 
under Regulation T of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (as in effect from 
time to time) to satisfy a performance bond deficiency in a securities margin account, and any 
combination of the foregoing, each as valued in accordance with CFTC Regulations 41.46(c) 
and 41.46(e); and, SEC Regulations 242.404(c) and 242.404(e).  Shares of a money market 
mutual fund that meet the requirements of CFTC Regulation 1.25 may be accepted as a 
performance bond deposit from a Customer for purposes of this Rule.   
b. 
A Clearing Member shall not accept as performance bond from any Customer securities that 
have been issued by such Customer or an Affiliate of such Customer unless such Clearing 
Member files a petition with and receives permission from the Exchange for such purpose.  
c. 
All assets deposited by a Customer to meet performance bond requirements must be and remain 
unencumbered by third party claims against the depositing Customer. 
930.D. 
Acceptance of Orders 
Clearing members may accept orders for an account provided sufficient performance bond is on deposit 
in the account or is forthcoming within a reasonable time. 
For an account which has been subject to calls for performance bond for an unreasonable time, clearing 
members may only accept orders that reduce the performance bond requirements of existing positions in 
the account. 
Clearing members may not accept orders for an account that has been in debit an unreasonable time. 
930.E. 
Calls for Performance Bond 
1. 
Clearing members must issue calls for performance bond that would bring an account up to the initial 
performance bond requirement: a) when performance bond equity in an account initially falls below 
the maintenance performance bond requirement; and b) subsequently, when performance bond 
equity plus existing performance bond calls in an account is less than the maintenance performance 
bond requirement. 
Such calls must be made within one business day after the occurrence of the event giving rise to the 
call.  Clearing members may call for additional performance bond at their discretion.  Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, a clearing member is not required to call for or collect performance bond for day trades. 
2. 
Clearing members shall only reduce a call for performance bond through the receipt of performance 
bond deposits permitted under subsection C. of this rule.  Clearing members may cancel a call for 
performance bond through: a) the receipt of performance bond deposits permitted under subsection 
C. of this rule only if such deposits equal or exceed the amount of the total performance bond call; 
or b) inter-day favorable market movements and/or the liquidation of positions only if performance 
bond equity in the account is equal to or greater than the initial performance bond requirement.  
Clearing members shall reduce an account holder's oldest outstanding performance bond call first. 


 
 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 18 of 31 
 
 
3. 
Clearing members must maintain written records of all performance bond calls issued and satisfied 
in whole or in part. 
930.F. 
Release of Excess Performance Bond  
Subject to exceptions granted by Exchange staff, clearing members may only release performance bond 
deposits from an account if such deposits are in excess of initial performance bond requirements. 
930.G. 
Loans to Account Holders  
Clearing members may not make loans to account holders to satisfy their performance bond requirements 
unless such loans are secured as defined in CFTC Regulation 1.17(c)(3).  The proceeds of such loans 
must be treated in accordance with CFTC Regulation 1.30. 
930.H. 
Aggregation of Accounts and Positions2  
Clearing members may aggregate and net positions in accounts under identical ownership within the 
same classifications of customer segregated, customer secured, Cleared Swaps Customer, and 
nonsegregated for performance bond purposes. Clearing members may compute performance bond 
requirements on identically owned concurrent long and short positions on a net basis. 
930.I. 
Risk Profile of Accounts 
 A Clearing Member must determine a risk profile for each account it carries, consistent with its risk 
management policies and procedures and the requirements of Rule 982.A.7, and collect performance 
bond in an amount commensurate with the account’s risk profile. Each account that the Clearing Member 
determines to have a heightened risk profile shall be subject to initial performance bond requirements 
established by the Exchange. For each account that does not have a heightened risk profile the initial 
performance bond requirement shall equal the maintenance performance bond requirement established 
by the Exchange. A Clearing Member may call for additional performance bond at its discretion as set 
forth in this Rule. 
930.J.            Omnibus Accounts 
1. Clearing members shall collect performance bond on a gross basis for positions held in domestic and 
foreign omnibus accounts.  
2. Clearing members shall obtain and maintain written instructions and/or documentation from domestic 
and foreign omnibus accounts for positions which are entitled to available performance bond offsets or 
credits. 
930.K. 
Liquidation of Accounts 
1. 
Non-Security Futures and OTC Derivatives 
If an account holder fails to comply with a performance bond call within a reasonable time (the 
clearing member may deem one hour to be a reasonable time), the clearing member may close out 
the account holder's trades or sufficient contracts thereof to restore the account holder's account to 
required performance bond status.  Clearing members shall maintain full discretion to determine 
when and under what circumstances positions in any account shall be liquidated. 
2. 
Security Futures 
If a Customer fails to comply with a performance bond (or “margin”) call within a reasonable period 
of time (the clearing member may deem one hour to be a reasonable period of time), the relevant 
clearing member shall take the deduction required with respect to an undermargined account in 
computing its net capital under applicable CFTC and SEC Regulations. 
If at any time there is a liquidating deficit in an account in which security futures are held, the clearing 
member shall take steps to liquidate positions in the account promptly and in an orderly manner.   
930.L. 
Clearing House Authority to Require Additional Performance Bond3  
The Clearing House, in its sole discretion, has the authority to require clearing members to collect 
additional performance bond from specific account holders in circumstances deemed necessary by the 
Clearing House. 
 
2 Revised October 2010. 
3 Revised December 2008. 


 
 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 19 of 31 
 
 
930.M.  
Failure to Maintain Performance Bond Requirements4 
If a clearing member fails to maintain performance bond requirements for an account in accordance with 
this rule, the Exchange or the Clearing House may direct such clearing member to immediately liquidate 
all or part of the account’s positions to eliminate the deficiency. 
930.N. 
 OTC Derivatives Undermargined Capital Charge5  
Clearing members must compute an OTC derivatives undermargined capital charge for customer and 
noncustomer accounts containing cleared swap positions when performance bond calls on the accounts 
have been outstanding for more than three business days.  The OTC derivatives undermargined capital 
charge is calculated as the amount of funds required in such account to meet maintenance performance 
bond requirements less account equity and acceptable performance bond collateral.  Provided, to the 
extent a deficit is excluded from current assets in the net capital computation, such amount shall not also 
be deducted under this rule. 
931.-948. 
[RESERVED] 
949. 
CREDIT CONTROLS 
Clearing Members shall comply with all credit control policies developed by the Exchange for customer 
and proprietary transactions.  Such credit control policies may include, but not be limited to, registration 
of credit control administrators with the Exchange, definition of credit control limits, and maintenance of 
written procedures verifying compliance with Exchange credit control requirements.  For general 
reference purposes, credit control functionality that may be developed for Globex is a system or service 
pursuant to Rule 578.  Any credit control functionality required by the Exchange shall be in addition to a 
clearing member’s internal risk monitoring and credit control procedures. 
 
SALES PRACTICES AND CUSTOMER PROTECTION 
950. 
SUPERVISION 
Each clearing member shall adopt and enforce written procedures pursuant to which it will supervise in 
accordance with the requirements of these Rules and the CEA and CFTC Regulations thereunder, each 
customer’s account(s). For purposes of this rule, the term “customer” does not include another futures 
commission merchant. 
951. 
DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS 
Each clearing member must comply with all disclosure requirements set forth in applicable CFTC and 
NFA Rules and Regulations. 
952. 
SALES COMMUNICATIONS 
No clearing member shall make fraudulent or high-pressure sales communications relating to the offer 
or sale of commodity futures and options. 
953. 
PROMOTIONAL MATERIAL 
No clearing member shall use any promotional material which is likely to deceive or mislead the public. 
Each clearing member shall maintain a copy of all written and electronic promotional material at the 
clearing member’s principal place of business and shall make such promotional material available to the 
Exchange upon request. 
954. 
CUSTOMER COMPLAINTS 
Each clearing member shall retain all written customer complaints, and make and retain a record of the 
date each complaint was received, the associated person who serviced the account, a general description 
of the matter complained of, and what, if any, action was taken by the clearing member regarding the 
complaint. With respect to verbal complaints, each clearing member shall develop and implement a 
written program approved by senior management that requires clearing member staff to direct individuals 
with verbal complaints to place such complaints in written form and submit such complaints to the 
Compliance Officer of the clearing member. Such complaints and related records must be maintained at 
the clearing member’s principal place of business. 
 
4 Revised December 2008. 
5 Adopted October 2010. 


 
 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 20 of 31 
 
 
955. 
ASSIGNMENT AND NOTIFICATION OF EXERCISE NOTICES 
 
A. Each clearing member shall adopt written procedures pursuant to which it shall allocate option 
exercise notices in a fair and non-preferential manner. 
 
B. Upon notification from the Clearing House of assignment of an exercise notice, the clearing 
member shall promptly notify the option grantor to whom the notice has been allocated. 
956. 
DISCRETIONARY, CONTROLLED AND MANAGED ACCOUNTS 
 
956.A. 
Requirements 
 
1. 
Power of Attorney 
No clearing member shall accept or carry an account over which a person other than the account 
owner exercises discretionary trading authority or control (hereinafter referred to as a discretionary, 
controlled, or managed account) without first obtaining a written power of attorney, trading 
authorization, or similar document (hereinafter referred to as a power of attorney). Such power of 
attorney must be signed and dated by the account owner and clearly designate the person to whom 
discretionary trading authority has been granted. 
2. 
Discretionary Account Listing 
 
A clearing member must clearly identify each discretionary trading account it carries and promptly 
provide the Exchange with a complete and accurate list of such accounts upon request. 
956.B. 
Presumption of Authority 
Except where specifically indicated by the phrase “discretion not exercised” written on the order ticket, 
and subsequently confirmed to the customer as such, every trade in a discretionary trading account shall 
be presumed to have been made pursuant to the power of attorney and subject to the requirements of 
this rule. 
 
956.C. 
Supervision and Trading of Discretionary Trading Accounts 
 
1. 
Discretionary Trading Account Activity 
Each clearing member shall have a supervisory employee (other than the person granted 
discretionary trading authority) supervising activity in discretionary trading accounts. The supervision 
shall include, but is not limited to, a review of excessive trading in amount or frequency in relation to 
account equity. This requirement shall only apply to discretionary trading accounts controlled by an 
employee of the clearing member or the clearing member’s guaranteed introducing brokers. 
2. 
Floor Trading 
 
No member shall execute a transaction in the trading pit for an account over which he has 
discretionary trading authority unless the transactions are for a) family accounts as defined in Section 
E.1. or b) another member of the Exchange for an account owned by such other member or 
proprietary accounts of member firms as set forth in Section E.2. 
956.D. 
Position Limits 
A person with discretionary trading authority over one or more discretionary trading accounts shall not 
execute or order the execution of trades for such accounts where such trades, by themselves or in 
addition to his personal trades, exceed the limits prescribed in these rules regarding total positions in any 
contract. 
A husband, wife and dependent children are presumed to be a single entity and, as such, must adhere to 
the position limits as prescribed by the Exchange rules unless otherwise approved by Exchange staff 
upon written application. 
956.E. 
Exceptions 
The provisions of Sections B. and C.1. of this rule shall not apply to the following accounts: 
1. 
Family Accounts 
Accounts controlled or managed by persons for their own family. For purposes of this rule, members 
of one’s family shall include a spouse, parent, child, grandparent, grandchild, brother, sister, aunt, 
uncle, nephew, niece or in-law. 
2. 
Member and Proprietary Accounts 
 
Accounts of members or proprietary accounts as defined by CFTC Regulation 1.3(y). 


 
 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 21 of 31 
 
 
957. 
CONFIRMATIONS TO CUSTOMERS 
A clearing member shall confirm to the customer every transaction made for the customer no later than 
the following business day. Such confirmation shall be in electronic or written form and shall show facts 
relevant to the economic terms of the transaction, such as the product bought or sold, the quantity, the 
price, the expiration, maturity date or the contract month/year (as applicable), and, for options, strike price, 
put or call and expiration. 
958. 
BRANCH OFFICES, GUARANTEED INTRODUCING BROKERS, AND ASSOCIATED 
PERSONS 
 
A. Each clearing member must maintain a complete and accurate list of all branch offices, guaranteed 
introducing brokers, and the associated persons of the clearing member and its guaranteed 
introducing brokers. Such list shall be promptly provided to the Exchange upon request. 
 
B. Branch offices, guaranteed introducing brokers, and the associated persons of the clearing member 
and its guaranteed introducing brokers must comply with Exchange rules. Each associated person 
of the clearing member or its guaranteed introducing brokers shall be bound by Exchange rules to 
the same extent as if such person were a member. 
 
C. Each clearing member must diligently supervise its branch offices, guaranteed introducing brokers, 
and the associated persons of the clearing member and its guaranteed introducing brokers. 
 
D. Each clearing member shall be responsible for the acts or omissions of its branch offices, guaranteed 
introducing brokers, and the associated persons of the clearing member and its guaranteed 
introducing brokers. Any violation of an Exchange rule by any such person may be considered a 
violation by the clearing member. 
959. 
[RESERVED] 
 
OMNIBUS AND CARRYING BROKER ACCOUNTS 
 
960. 
 
OMNIBUS AND CARRYING BROKER ACCOUNTS 
 
A. All clearing members must maintain a complete list of all omnibus and carrying broker accounts 
maintained on their books. Such list shall be promptly provided to the Exchange upon request. 
Information for each such account must include account name, number and address, and 
classification of the account as either customer or house. Additionally, the identities and position of 
the beneficial owners of any omnibus account must be immediately disclosed to the Exchange upon 
request. 
 
B. A clearing member carrying an omnibus account shall have the responsibility for ensuring that each 
person carried in the account does not exceed speculative limits unless granted an exemption 
pursuant to Rule 559. 
 
C. Each clearing member carrying an omnibus account must at all times reflect in its records the gross 
long and short positions held in such omnibus account. 
 
D. Clearing members may only carry omnibus accounts for entities that have received a notice from the 
clearing member (i) expressly prohibiting the omnibus account from acting for customers of the 
Exchange, directly or indirectly, that are Sanctioned Parties as defined by Rule 543 and (ii) requiring 
it to send a similar notice to its omnibus customers. 
 
E. Each clearing member that maintains an omnibus account with another clearing member shall also 
bear financial responsibility to the Exchange for that omnibus account. 
F. 
Clearing members may only carry omnibus accounts for entities that have received a notice from the 
clearing member (i) notifying the omnibus account of the EU Retail Customer restrictions contained 
in Rule 570 and (ii) requiring it to send a similar notice to its omnibus customers. 
961.-969. 
[RESERVED] 
 
 
FINANCIAL REQUIREMENTS AND FINANCIAL EMERGENCIES 
 


 
 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 22 of 31 
 
 
970. 
FINANCIAL REQUIREMENTS 
A. Subject to exemptions granted by Exchange staff, all clearing members, including non-FCMs, must 
comply with the requirements set forth in CFTC Regulations 1.10, 1.12, 1.17 and 1.18. This includes, 
but is not limited to, the following: 
 
1. 
Maintenance of minimum capital requirements of at least $5 million except that a clearing 
member that is a bank must maintain minimum Tier I Capital (as defined in accordance with 
regulation applicable to the relevant bank) of at least $5 billion; 
 
2. 
Submission of a Form 1-FR, FOCUS Report or other requested information within the specified 
period of time; 
 
3. 
Notification requirements when a clearing member: 
 
 
a. Fails to maintain minimum capital requirements; 
 
 
b. Fails to maintain early warning capital requirements; 
 
 
c. Fails to maintain current books and records; or 
 
 
d. Determines the existence of a material inadequacy as specified in CFTC Regulation 
1.16(d)(2); 
 
 
e. Changes its fiscal year; or 
 
 
f. Changes its public accountant; 
 
In addition to the notifications required by CFTC regulations, all clearing members must provide 
written notice to the Financial and Regulatory Surveillance Department of the above events. 
4. 
Completely and accurately computing and recording the balances in the net capital computation 
including capital requirements; 
 
5. 
Subordination agreement requirements, including the filing of such agreements; and 
6. 
Preparation of a monthly computation of adjusted net capital and minimum financial 
requirements. 
B. For non-FCMs, all filing, notification, and approval requirements set forth in CFTC Regulations 1.10, 
1.12, 1.17 and 1.18 and in the rules of the Exchange must be submitted to or obtained from the 
Financial and Regulatory Surveillance Department, if necessary, rather than the Commission. Non-
FCM clearing members shall make available to the CFTC, upon the CFTC’s request, copies of 
financial reports required to be submitted to the Financial and Regulatory Surveillance Department 
under this Rule. 
C. In conjunction with the requirements set forth in CFTC Regulations 1.10, 1.12, 1.17, and 1.18, 
clearing members must comply with the following requirements: 
 
1. 
Submit a monthly Form 1-FR or FOCUS Report and the Exchange Supplementary Information 
schedule including an unaudited monthly Form 1-FR or FOCUS Report as of the clearing 
member’s fiscal year-end, within the time requirements set forth in CFTC Regulation1.10. A 
clearing member must include with its Form 1-FR or FOCUS Report a Statement of Income 
(loss) for the period between the date of the most recent financial statement or, at the option of 
the clearing member, the most recent certified financial statement filed with the Financial and 
Regulatory Surveillance Department and the date for which the report is made. 
 
2. 
Submit a certified Form 1-FR or FOCUS Report as of the clearing member’s fiscal year-end 
within the time requirements set forth in CFTC Regulation 1.10. A clearing member must 
include with its certified Form 1-FR or FOCUS Report, a reconciliation from the certified Form 
1-FR or FOCUS Report to the monthly Form 1-FR or FOCUS Report as of the same date or a 
statement that no differences were noted. 
 
3. 
A clearing member for which CME is the designated self-regulatory organization may request 
the Financial and Regulatory Surveillance Department’s permission to change its fiscal year. 
Such request will only be granted for good cause and in accordance with the requirements of 
CFTC Regulation 1.10(e)(2). The Financial and Regulatory Surveillance Department’s grant of 
the change in fiscal year will fulfill the approval requirements of CFTC Regulation 1.10(e)(2). 
D. Exchange staff may prescribe additional accounting, reporting, and other financial and/or operational 
requirements and clearing members must comply with such requirements. All clearing members must 
provide notice to the Financial and Regulatory Surveillance Department of a failure to comply with 


 
 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 23 of 31 
 
 
the additional accounting, reporting, financial, and/or operational requirements. The Financial and 
Regulatory Surveillance Department must receive immediate written notification when a clearing 
member knows or should know of such failure. 
E. Financial statement filing requirements under this Rule must be met through Exchange-approved 
electronic transmissions, except for certified Form 1-FRs or FOCUS Reports. 
 
Personal Identification Numbers (PINS) must be submitted by authorized signers of the Form 1-FR 
or FOCUS Report. The PIN will constitute and become a substitute for the manual signature of the 
authorized signer to the electronically filed Form 1-FR or FOCUS Report. The PIN is a representation 
by the authorized signer that, to the best of his or her knowledge, all information contained in the 
statement being transmitted under the PIN is true, correct and complete. The unauthorized use of a 
PIN for electronic attestation by an unauthorized party is expressly prohibited. 
F. 
Exchange staff may grant exceptions to the financial and reporting requirements of Rule 970 for good 
cause if it is determined that such exceptions will not jeopardize the financial integrity of the 
Exchange. 
971. 
SEGREGATION, SECURED AND CLEARED SWAPS CUSTOMER ACCOUNT 
REQUIREMENTS 
A.    All clearing members must comply with the requirements set forth in CFTC Regulations 1.20 through 
1.30, 1.32, 1.49 and 30.7, and Part 22 of the CFTC Regulations.  This includes, but is not limited to, 
the following: 
1.    Maintaining sufficient funds at all times in segregation, secured 30.7 and Cleared Swaps 
Customer accounts; 
2.     Computing, recording and reporting completely and accurately the balances in the: 
        a.     Statement of Segregation Requirements and Funds in Segregation;  
        b.     Statement of Secured Amounts and Funds Held in Separate Accounts; and 
        c. 
Statement of Segregation Requirements and Cleared Swaps Customer  
 
 
 
Collateral Held in Cleared Swaps Customer Accounts. 
3.     
Obtaining satisfactory segregation, secured 30.7 and Cleared Swaps Customer account 
acknowledgment letters and identifying segregated, secured 30.7 and Cleared Swaps Customer 
accounts as such; and 
4.    Preparing complete and materially accurate daily segregation, secured 30.7 and Cleared Swaps 
Customer amount computations in a timely manner. 
B.    All FCM clearing members must submit a daily segregated, secured 30.7 and Cleared Swaps 
Customer amount statement, as applicable, through Exchange-approved electronic transmissions by 
12:00 noon on the following business day. 
C.    In addition to complying with all applicable CFTC regulations, in order for each of an FCM clearing 
member’s customer segregated, secured 30.7 and Cleared Swaps Customer accounts held at a 
depository to be included as segregated and secured 30.7 funds and Cleared Swaps Customer 
Collateral in their respective origin and calculation: 
1. 
The FCM clearing member must provide the Financial and Regulatory Surveillance Department 
with access to the account information, in a form and manner prescribed by the Financial and 
Regulatory Surveillance Department; and 
2. 
The depository must allow the FCM clearing member to provide the Financial and Regulatory 
Surveillance Department with access to the account information, in a form and manner 
prescribed by the Financial and Regulatory Surveillance Department. 
D.  All FCM clearing members must submit a report of investments in a manner as prescribed through 
Exchange-approved electronic transmissions as of the 15th of the month (or the following business 
day if the 15th is a holiday or weekend) and last business day of the month by the close of business 
on the following business day.  The report of investments shall be prepared and shall identify 
separately for segregated and secured 30.7 funds and Cleared Swaps Customer Collateral held: 
1. 
The dollar amount of funds held in cash and each permitted investment identified in CFTC 
Regulation 1.25(a); and 


 
 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 24 of 31 
 
 
2. 
The identity of each depository holding funds and the dollar amount held at each 
 
depository. 
E.  All disbursements not made for the benefit of a customer from a segregated, secured 30.7 or Cleared 
Swaps Customer account which exceed 25% of the FCM clearing members excess segregated, 
secured 30.7 or Cleared Swaps Customer of the respective origin must be pre-approved in writing 
by the clearing member’s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer or their authorized 
representative with knowledge of the firm’s financial requirements and position. 
 
1. 
In determining if a disbursement exceeds the 25% level, such disbursement must be: 
a. 
Compared to the most recent calculation of excess segregated, secured 30.7 and Cleared 
Swaps Customer amounts; and 
b. 
A single disbursement must be reviewed individually and in the aggregated with all other 
disbursements not made for the benefit of a customer of the respective segregated, secured 
30.7 or Cleared Swaps Customer origin since the last calculation of excess funds.   
2. 
Upon approval of a single disbursement or the disbursement which in the aggregated exceeds 
the 25% level as defined in Rule 971.E.1., the FCM clearing member must provide immediate 
notification to the Financial and Regulatory Surveillance Department through Exchange-
approved electronic transmissions.  Such notification shall include: 
a. 
Confirmation that the FCM clearing member’s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial 
Officer or authorized representative with knowledge of the firm’s financial requirements and 
position pre-approved in writing the disbursement(s); 
b. 
The amount(s) and recipient(s) of such disbursement(s); and 
c. 
A description of the reasons for the single or multiple transaction(s) that resulted in the
 
disbursement(s). 
3. 
The FCM clearing member’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer will  remain 
responsible for the pre-approvals by their authorized representative and for compliance with this 
rule. 
F.  All clearing members must provide written notice to the Financial and Regulatory Surveillance 
Department of a failure to maintain sufficient funds in segregation, secured 30.7 or Cleared Swaps 
Customer accounts. The Financial and Regulatory Surveillance Department must receive immediate 
written notification when a clearing member knows or should have known of such failure. 
G.   Each statement and report filing required under this Rule must be submitted by the Chief Executive 
Officer, Chief Financial Officer or their authorized representative as approved by CME using their 
assigned User Identification (“User ID”). The User ID will constitute and become a substitute for the 
manual signature of the authorized signer to the electronically submitted daily segregated, secured 
30.7 and Cleared Swaps Customer amount statements. The User ID is a representation by the 
authorized signer that, to the best of his or her knowledge, all information contained in the statement 
being transmitted under the User ID is true, correct and complete. The unauthorized use of a User 
ID for electronic attestation by an unauthorized party is expressly prohibited.   
H. Exchange staff may prescribe additional segregation, secured 30.7 and Cleared Swaps 
 
Customer amount requirements. 
972. 
REDUCTIONS IN CAPITAL 
A clearing member must provide written notice to the Financial and Regulatory Surveillance Department 
as set forth below of any substantial reduction in capital as compared to the most recent filing of a financial 
report. 
1. 
If any event or series of events, including any withdrawal, advance, loan or loss would cause, on a 
net basis, a reduction in net capital as reported on the Form 1-FR, or in tentative net capital as 
reported on the FOCUS Report for broker/dealers, of 20% or more, notice must be provided within 
two business days of the event or series of events causing the reduction; and 
2. 
If equity capital of the clearing member or a subsidiary or a consolidated affiliate would be withdrawn 
by action of a stockholder or a partner or by redemption or repurchase of shares of stock by any of 
the consolidated entities or through the payment of dividends or any similar distribution, or an 
unsecured advance or loan would be made to a stockholder, partner, sole proprietor, employee or 
affiliates, such that the withdrawal, advance or loan would cause, on a net basis, a reduction in 


 
 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 25 of 31 
 
 
excess net capital of 30% or more, notice must be provided at least two business days prior to the 
withdrawal, advance or loan that would cause the reduction. 
3. 
A clearing member that is a bank must provide notice if any event or series of events, including any 
withdrawal, advance, loan or loss would cause, on a net basis, a reduction in Tier I capital as reported 
on the most recent filing of a financial report, of 20% or more.  Notice must be provided within five 
business days of the event or series of events causing the reduction or when the clearing member 
knows or should know of the reduction in Tier I capital. 6 
The foregoing shall not apply in the case of a reduction in capital resulting from (1) the repayment or 
prepayment of subordinated liabilities for which notice has been given in accordance with Rule 970 or (2) 
any futures or securities transaction in the ordinary course of business between a clearing member and 
any affiliate where the clearing member makes payment to or on behalf of such affiliate for such 
transaction and then receives payment from such affiliate for such transaction within two business days 
from the date of the transaction. 
973. 
CUSTOMER ACCOUNTS WITH THE CLEARING HOUSE7 
All customer funds deposited with the Clearing House on behalf of customers protected by CFTC 
Regulation 1.20 shall be held in accordance with the Commodity Exchange Act and CFTC Regulation 
1.20 in an account identified as Customer Segregated.  Such customer funds shall be segregated by the 
Clearing House and treated as belonging to the customers of the clearing member.  Pursuant to this rule, 
a clearing member shall satisfy the segregation acknowledgement letter requirement of CME Rule 
971.A.3., the Commodity Exchange Act, and CFTC Regulation 1.20 for customer deposits held at the 
Clearing House.  A clearing member fully authorizes the Clearing House to comply with all requirements 
of CFTC Regulation 1.20 with regards to its Customer Segregated account.  
 All Cleared Swaps Customer Collateral deposited with the Clearing House on behalf of Cleared Swaps 
Customers shall be held in accordance with Part 22 of the CFTC Regulations in an account identified as 
a Cleared Swaps Customer Account.  Such Cleared Swaps Customer Collateral shall be segregated by 
the Clearing House and treated as belonging to such customers of the clearing member.  Pursuant to this 
rule, a clearing member shall satisfy the Cleared Swaps Customer Account acknowledgement letter 
requirement of CME Rule 971.A.3, the Commodity Exchange Act, and CFTC Regulation 22.5 for 
customer deposits held at the Clearing House.  A clearing member fully authorizes the Clearing House to 
comply with all requirements of CFTC Regulation 22.5 with regards to its Cleared Swaps Customer 
account. 
All customer funds deposited with the Clearing House on behalf of customers protected by CFTC 
Regulation 30.7 shall be held in a manner consistent with CFTC Regulation 30.7 in an account identified 
as Customer Secured 30.7.  Such customer funds shall be segregated by the Clearing House and treated 
as belonging to such customers of the clearing member.  Pursuant to this rule, a clearing member shall 
satisfy the acknowledgement letter requirement of CME Rule 971.A.3., the Commodity Exchange Act, 
and CFTC Regulation 30.7 for customer deposits held at the Clearing House.  A clearing member fully 
authorizes the Clearing House to comply with all requirements of CFTC Regulation 30.7 with regards to 
its Customer Secured 30.7 account. 
974. 
 
SUSPENSION OF MEMBER FIRM PRIVILEGES  
A. If, in the opinion of the Financial and Regulatory Surveillance Department, a clearing member fails 
to meet the minimum financial requirements as prescribed herein or neglects to promptly furnish a 
statement upon request, a recommendation may be made to the Clearing House Risk Committee to 
suspend the privileges of the clearing member.  Upon such recommendation, the Clearing House 
Risk Committee shall conduct a hearing and such clearing member shall show cause why its 
privileges should not be suspended.  Upon finding that the minimum financial requirements are being 
violated, the Clearing House Risk Committee may suspend the privileges of such clearing member 
in accordance with the provisions of Chapter 4 of these rules.  The CFTC shall be immediately notified 
of any clearing member which fails to meet the minimum financial requirements.  Any suspended 
clearing member may appeal the decision of the Clearing House Risk Committee to the Board. 
B. If any Rule 106.H., I., J., N., R., or S. member firm: 
 
6 Adopted May 2011. 
7 Revised October 2010. 


 
 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 26 of 31 
 
 
• 
has notified the Exchange or the Exchange otherwise becomes aware of a significant event as 
defined in Rule 442; or  
• 
that is an FCM fails to meet CFTC minimum financial requirements in the opinion of the Financial 
and Regulatory Surveillance Department; or 
• 
neglects to promptly furnish a statement upon request,  
 
the membership privileges of the member firm may be suspended, subject to approval of any two of 
the following individuals: the Chief Executive Officer, Global Head of Clearing & Post-Trade Services, 
or the Chairman of the Board.  Any two of these individuals may reinstate the membership privileges 
of such a suspended member firm, in their discretion, if the suspended member firm provides 
evidence satisfactory to the Financial and Regulatory Surveillance Department of its financial 
responsibility or that it meets CFTC minimum financial requirements. 
 
975. 
EMERGENCY FINANCIAL CONDITIONS 
 
If the Global Head of Clearing & Post-Trade Services determines that the financial or operational condition 
of a clearing member or one of its affiliates is such that to allow that clearing member to continue its 
operation would jeopardize the integrity of the Exchange, or negatively impacts the financial markets by 
introducing an unacceptable level of uncertainty, volatility or risk, whether or not the clearing member 
continues to meet the required minimum financial requirements, he may empanel the Chief Executive 
Officer, Chairman of the Board, Chairman of the Clearing House Risk Committee, and the Global Head 
of Clearing & Post-Trade Services. (“Emergency Financial Committee”) Such panel shall be duly 
authorized and, upon a unanimous vote of the panel, be empowered to order (a) an immediate position 
limitation, (b) an immediate suspension of the clearing member, (c) that all open trades of said clearing 
member be for liquidation only, (d) the liquidation or transfer of all or a portion of the open positions of the 
clearing member,  (e) additional performance bond to be deposited with the Clearing House and/or (f) 
any other action necessary to protect the financial integrity of the Clearing House.  The clearing member 
affected by action taken shall be notified and may request a hearing before the Board pursuant to the 
procedures set forth in Rule 412.  In the event of suspension, the Chief Executive Officer shall, promptly 
after a suspension, set the matter for hearing before the Board for final determination.  To the extent that 
the panel orders that all open trades of a clearing member be for liquidation only, or the panel orders the 
liquidation or transfer of all of the open positions of a clearing member, Rule 913.B. shall apply and the 
clearing member shall be treated as a withdrawing clearing member. 
976. 
SUSPENSION OF CLEARING MEMBERS  
If a clearing member becomes insolvent, the clearing member must immediately notify the Exchange of 
such insolvency.  The insolvency shall be announced by the Global Head of Clearing & Post-Trade 
Services and thereupon such clearing member shall be deemed automatically suspended.  If a member 
of the Clearing House becomes insolvent, or for other reasons is suspended from the Clearing House, 
the officers, owners or partners who are members of the Exchange may also be suspended from the 
Exchange. 
A clearing member shall be deemed insolvent: 
1. 
If it files a voluntary petition in bankruptcy or is adjudicated as bankrupt; 
2. 
If it fails to fulfill or promptly adjust all of its Exchange obligations; or 
3. 
If satisfactory proof is made to the Clearing House Risk Committee that it is unable to pay its debts 
as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. 
A clearing member may be suspended by the Clearing House Risk Committee pursuant to Rule 403 if it 
fails to meet the capital requirements of the Clearing House or the CFTC, or if its financial condition, or 
the financial condition of one of its affiliates, is such that its continued operation would jeopardize the 
integrity of the Exchange.  Members and clearing members suspended in accordance with this rule shall 
be notified and may request a hearing before the Board as provided in Rule 412.  
977. 
SUSPENSION OF OFFICERS OR PARTNERS   
Whenever an officer, owner or partner of a clearing member is suspended or expelled, the respective 
clearing member may be suspended or expelled for a like term.  Members and clearing members affected 
by this rule shall be notified and may request a hearing before the Board as provided in Rule 412. 


 
 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 27 of 31 
 
 
978. 
OPEN TRADES OF SUSPENDED CLEARING MEMBERS   
When a clearing member, having open trades, is suspended or expelled, it may designate a clearing 
member to close out such transactions through designated personnel and in a manner acceptable to the 
Clearing House. 
When a clearing member that has open positions, defaults to the Clearing House in the deposit of 
performance bonds or settlements, or is suspended for insolvency, the Global Head of Clearing & Post-
Trade Services or their delegate may appoint a clearing member to which all such open positions shall 
be transferred for liquidation, or may appoint a clearing member to liquidate such positions on behalf of 
such defaulted or suspended clearing member.  If open positions are transferred, all supporting 
performance bond associated with the positions and any settlement payments due or collected must be 
delivered to the Clearing House, to be entrusted to the clearing member designated to liquidate the 
positions.  The clearing member appointed to liquidate the positions shall have the right, under the 
direction of the Global Head of Clearing & Post-Trade Services, to buy or sell for the account of the 
suspended clearing member such contracts as may be necessary to clear the suspended clearing 
member's contracts with the Clearing House; the clearing member shall also have the right under the 
direction of the Global Head of Clearing & Post-Trade Services to make or take delivery. 
979. 
SUSPENDED OR EXPELLED CLEARING MEMBERS   
In the event a clearing member has been suspended or expelled, the clearing member shall comply with 
all orders of the Board, the Clearing House Risk Committee, or the Global Head of Clearing & Post-Trade 
Services. 
In the event of refusal by a clearing member to comply with any order placed upon it, the Clearing House 
may take whatever means necessary to effect the order. 
A clearing member or any member suspended due to a clearing member’s insolvency may be reinstated 
upon affirmative proof to the Clearing House Risk Committee of such clearing member’s financial 
responsibility.  A member may withdraw from the clearing member and may apply for reinstatement to 
membership in the Exchange provided that the insolvency of the clearing member was not caused by 
such member’s willful, reckless or unbusinesslike conduct. 
 
RECORDS AND REPORTS 
980. 
 
REQUIRED RECORDS AND REPORTS 
 
 
 
A. Each clearing member shall prepare, maintain and keep current those books and records required 
by the rules of the Exchange, the Commodity Exchange Act and the Regulations thereunder. Such 
books and records shall be open to inspection and promptly provided to the Exchange upon request. 
 
 
 
B. Each clearing member shall maintain an adequate accounting system, internal accounting controls, 
and procedures for safeguarding customer and firm assets. This includes, but is not limited to, the 
following: 
 
 
 
 
1. 
Preparation and maintenance of complete and accurate reconciliations for all accounts; 
 
 
 
 
2. 
Resolution of reconciling items in a timely manner; and 
 
 
 
 
3. 
Prevention of a material inadequacy as defined in CFTC Regulation 1.16(d)(2). 
 
 
 
C. A clearing member must file any information requested by the Exchange within the time period 
specified in the request. 
 
 
 
D. Each clearing member shall maintain at all times the ability to provide to the Exchange in an 
acceptable form a complete set of equity systems reports (including, at a minimum, the equity run, 
open position listing, day trade listing, cash adjustments listing and performance bond call and debit 
equity listing). Such reports shall be available to the Exchange in Chicago no later than 8:00 a.m. 
Chicago time on the business day following the report date. 
 
 
 
E. Each clearing member shall maintain at all times the ability to provide to the Exchange a listing of 
each customer’s method of access to CME markets, including front end applications and network 
connections. 
 
 
 
F. 
Exchange staff may impose administrative fees upon clearing members for late submissions of 
reports and other information required to be submitted to the Financial and Regulatory Surveillance 
Department by Exchange Rules. The administrative fees permitted by this Rule 980.F. shall not 


 
 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 28 of 31 
 
 
exceed $1,000 for the initial late submission, plus $1,000 for each additional business day that such 
report or information is not submitted. Where the late submission of reports or other information may 
be due to insufficient internal accounting controls or procedures, the Clearing House Risk Committee 
may impose disciplinary sanctions in lieu of, or in addition to, the administrative fees. 
 
 
 
G. Each Clearing Member must submit daily reports that include all information required by the Clearing 
House, including but not limited to legal entity identifiers, where available, and end-of-day gross 
positions by each house origin, by each customer origin and by each individual customer-level 
account within each customer origin. Daily reporting of individual customer-level account information 
pursuant to this paragraph does not oblige a clearing FCM to look through an omnibus account that 
it clears for a carrying broker to the underlying customer account.   
981.  
 
ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING AND ECONOMIC SANCTIONS COMPLIANCE 
Each clearing member shall develop and implement a written compliance program approved in writing by 
senior management reasonably designed to achieve and monitor the clearing member’s compliance with 
all applicable requirements of the Bank Secrecy Act (31 U.S.C. § 5311 et seq.), the International 
Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. § 1701 et seq. ) (“IEEPA”), the Trading with the Enemy Act 
(50 U.S.C. App. § 1 et seq.) (“TWEA”), and the Executive Orders and regulations issued pursuant thereto, 
including the regulations issued by the U.S. Department of the Treasury and, as applicable, the 
Commodity Futures Trading Commission. That compliance program shall, at a minimum, 
1.  Establish and implement policies, procedures and internal controls reasonably designed to prevent 
the financial institution from being used for money laundering or the financing of terrorist activities 
and to achieve compliance with all applicable provisions of the Bank Secrecy Act, IEEPA, TWEA, 
and all applicable Executive Orders and regulations issued pursuant thereto; 
2.  Provide for independent testing for compliance to be conducted by clearing member personnel or by 
a qualified outside party; 
3. 
Designate an individual or individuals responsible for implementing and monitoring the day-to-day 
operations and internal controls of the program;  
4.  Provide ongoing training for appropriate personnel; and 
5. 
Include appropriate risk-based procedures for conducting ongoing customer due diligence, including, 
but not limited to: 
a.  understanding the nature and purpose of customer relationships for the purpose of developing a 
customer risk profile; and 
b.   conducting ongoing monitoring to identify and report suspicious transactions, and, on a risk basis, 
to maintain and update customer information, including the information regarding the beneficial 
owners of legal entity customers.   
Clearing members must also supervise and ensure that their guaranteed introducing brokers are in 
compliance with the provisions contained in this Rule. 
982. 
RISK MANAGEMENT  
All clearing members must have written risk management policies and procedures in place to ensure they 
are able to perform certain basic risk and operational functions at all times.   At a minimum, the following 
areas must be considered in the firm’s policies and procedures, depending on the firm’s size and its 
business and product mix: 
A. Trade Submission and Account Monitoring. Clearing members must have procedures in place to 
demonstrate compliance in the following areas for trades executed through both electronic platforms 
and open outcry: 
1. 
Monitoring the credit risks of accepting trades, including give-up trades, of specific customers.8 
2. 
Monitoring the risks associated with proprietary trading. 
3. 
Limiting the impact of significant market moves through the use of tools such as stress testing 
or position limits. 
4. 
Maintaining the ability to monitor account activity on an intraday basis, including overnight.9 
 
8 Revised December 2008. 
9 Revised December 2008. 


 
 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 29 of 31 
 
 
5. 
Ensuring order entry systems include the ability to set automated credit controls or position limits 
or requiring a firm employee to enter orders. 
6. 
Defining sources of liquidity for increased settlement obligations. 
7. 
Determining a risk profile for each account it carries, including whether such account presents a 
heightened risk profile. 
B. Additional and/or Alternative Requirements.  Exchange or Clearing House staff may prescribe 
additional and/or alternative requirements in order for clearing members to comply with this Rule. 
C.  Each clearing member shall promptly provide to Clearing House staff, upon request, information and 
documents regarding its risk management policies, procedures and practices, including, without 
limitation, information and documents relating to the liquidity of its financial resources, settlement 
procedures and operational issues. 
D. Each clearing member shall make information and documents regarding its risk management 
policies, procedures and practices available to the CFTC upon the CFTC’s request. 
In addition, all FCM clearing members must comply with the risk management requirements set forth in 
CFTC Regulation 1.11: Risk Management Program for futures commission merchants. 
983. 
DISASTER RECOVERY AND BUSINESS CONTINUITY  
All clearing members must have written disaster recovery and business continuity policies and procedures 
in place to ensure they are able to perform certain basic operational functions in the event of a significant 
internal or external interruption to their operations.   At a minimum, the following areas must be considered 
in the firm’s policies and procedures, depending on the firm’s size and its business and product mix: 
A. Clearing members must have procedures in place to allow them to continue to operate during periods 
of stress or to transfer accounts to another fully operational clearing member with minimal disruption 
to either the Exchange or their customers. In order to satisfy this requirement, clearing members 
must perform: 
1. 
Periodic testing of disaster recovery and business continuity plans. 
2. 
Duplication of critical systems at back up sites. 
3. 
Periodic back-up of critical information. 
B. Key Staff Contacts.  Clearing members must maintain and, at the request of the Exchange, provide 
accurate and complete information for their key personnel. Clearing members must inform the 
Exchange in a timely manner whenever a change to their key personnel is made. 
C. Additional and/or Alternative Requirements.  Exchange staff may prescribe additional and/or 
alternative requirements in order for clearing members to comply with this Rule. 
 
 
TAX COMPLIANCE 
990.  
U.S. WITHHOLDING TAX 
A. Beginning January 1, 2017, the date on which Section 871(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, 
as amended (for purposes of this Rule 990, the “Code”), and related Treasury regulations and other 
official interpretations thereof, first apply to any transactions on the Exchange: 
1. 
No Clearing Member that is treated as a non-U.S. entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes 
shall conduct any transaction in equity index products on the Exchange unless:  
a. 
such Clearing Member has entered into a qualified intermediary agreement with the Internal 
Revenue Service (“IRS”) in which the Clearing Member has agreed to assume primary 
responsibility for reporting, collecting and remitting withholding taxes imposed pursuant to 
Chapters 3 and 4 of subtitle A, and Chapter 61 and Section 3406, of the Code with respect 
to any income (including dividend equivalents, as such term is defined in Section 871(m)(2) 
of the Code and Treasury Regulations Section 1.871-15(c) or any successor thereto) arising 
from transactions on the Exchange that are entered into by the Clearing Member as an 
intermediary, including transactions entered into on behalf of such Clearing Member’s 
customers; 


 
 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 30 of 31 
 
 
b.   (i)  
such Clearing Member has entered into a qualified intermediary agreement with the 
IRS to become a qualified derivatives dealer (“Qualified Derivatives Dealer”) that 
permits the Exchange to make payments of dividend equivalents (as such term is 
defined in Section 871(m)(2) of the Code and Treasury Regulations Section 1.871-
15(c) or any successor thereto) or deemed payments, to such Clearing Member free 
from U.S. withholding taxes imposed pursuant to Chapters 3 and 4 of subtitle A, and 
Chapter 61 and Section 3406, of the Code arising from transactions on the Exchange 
that are entered into by the Clearing Member for its own account; and  
(ii)  such transaction entered into by the Clearing Member is within the scope of the 
exemption from withholding tax for dividend equivalents (as such term is defined in 
Section 871(m)(2) of the Code and Treasury Regulations Section 1.871-15(c) or any 
successor thereto) paid to Qualified Derivative Dealers pursuant to Chapters 3 and 4 
of subtitle A, and Chapter 61 and Section 3406, of the Code; and 
c. 
such Clearing Member has qualified under such procedures promulgated by the IRS as are 
in effect from time to time to establish an exemption from withholding under FATCA (as 
defined below), such that the Exchange will not be required to withhold any amount with 
respect to any payment made or deemed to be made to such Clearing Member under 
FATCA.  For purposes of this subparagraph c., “FATCA” means the provisions of Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the Code, which were enacted as part of the Foreign Account Tax 
Compliance Act (or any amendment thereto or any successor sections thereof), and related 
Treasury Regulations and other interpretations thereof, as in effect from time to time, and 
the provisions of any intergovernmental agreement to implement the FATCA as in effect 
from time to time between the United States and the jurisdiction of the relevant Clearing 
Member’s residency. 
2.  Beginning on January 1, 2017, and on each anniversary thereafter, each Clearing Member that 
is treated as a non-U.S. entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes and that conducts any 
transaction in equity index products on the Exchange in accordance with Rule 990.A. 1. shall 
certify to the Exchange that such Clearing Member satisfies the requirements of Rule 990.A.1.(a) 
through (c) by providing to the Exchange appropriate tax documentation attesting to such 
Clearing Member’s federal income tax status, with the first such certification being delivered to 
the Exchange no later than January 1, 2017.  Each such Clearing Member is required to promptly 
update its certification to the Exchange if required by applicable law or administrative guidance 
or if the certification is no longer accurate. 
3. 
Beginning on January 1, 2017, and on each anniversary thereafter, each Clearing Member that 
is treated as a non-U.S. entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes shall provide the Exchange 
with information relating to the dividend equivalents (as such term is defined in Section 871(m)(2) 
of the Code and Treasury Regulations Section 1.871-15(c) or any successor thereto) the 
Exchange pays or is deemed to pay such Clearing Member in sufficient detail and in a sufficiently 
timely manner to enable the Exchange to report on IRS Forms 1042 and 1042-S (or any 
successor forms) under Chapters 3 and 4 of subtitle A of the Code, the required amounts and 
other information relating to dividend equivalents (as such term is defined in Section 871(m)(2) 
of the Code and Treasury Regulations Section 1.871-15(c) or any successor thereto) and 
transactions giving rise thereto between the Exchange and the Clearing Member. 
4. 
Each Clearing Member that is treated as a non-U.S. entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes 
shall promptly inform the Exchange in writing if it undergoes a change in circumstance that would 
affect its compliance with this Rule 990, or otherwise knows or has reason to know that it is not, 
or will not be, in compliance with this Rule 990, but in each case, such writing must be delivered 
to the Exchange no later than within two days of the Clearing Member’s knowledge thereof. 
 
5. 
A Clearing Member that is treated as a non-U.S. entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes 
shall indemnify the Exchange for any loss, liability or expense (including taxes and penalties) 
sustained by the Exchange as a result of such Clearing Member failing to comply with the 
requirements of this Rule 990. 
 
(End Chapter 9) 
 


 
 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 31 of 31 
 
 
 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 1 
Chapter 10 
Regulatory Reporting Of Swap Data 
 
1001. 
REGULATORY REPORTING OF SWAP DATA 
 
For all swaps cleared by the Clearing House, and resulting positions, the Clearing House shall 
report available creation and continuation data to CME’s swap data repository for purposes of 
complying with applicable CFTC rules governing the regulatory reporting of swaps.  For all swaps 
submitted for clearing to the Clearing House, each counterparty to a swap (or other market 
participant, as applicable) must provide sufficient information to the Clearing House as requested 
by the Clearing House to enable it to make its required reports.  This information will include, at a 
minimum, all data fields required by CFTC rules for swap reports. 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 44 
Chapter 12 
CME Spot Market Trading – Electronic 
1200. 
ENFORCEMENT OF RULES 
1200.A.  
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
1200.B.  
THE CHIEF REGULATORY OFFICER 
1200.C.  
SANCTIONS 
1200.D.  
EMERGENCY ACTIONS 
1200.E.  
INVESTIGATIONS 
1200.F.  
CONSENT TO EXCHANGE JURISDICTION 
1200.G.  
CONTRACT MODIFICATION 
1200.H.  
GENERAL OFFENSES 
1200.I.  
STRICT LIABILITY FOR THE ACTS OF AGENTS  
1200.J.  
EFFECT OF SUSPENSION OR EXPULSION 
1200.K.  
MEMBER’S INDEMNIFICATION LIABILITY  
1200.L.  
CLAIMS BY MEMBERS 
1200.M.  
NOTIFICATION OF SIGNIFICANT EVENTS 
1200.N.  
SANCTIONS AND RESTITUTION ORDERS 
 
1201.  TRADING QUALIFICATIONS AND PRACTICES 
1201.A.  
REQUIREMENT FOR SPOT TRANSACTIONS TO BE EXECUTED ON CME 
DIRECT AUCTION PLATFORM  
1201.B. 
PRIORITY OF CUSTOMERS’ ORDERS 
1201.C.  
TRADING AGAINST CUSTOMERS’ ORDERS 
1201.D.  
DISCLOSING ORDERS PROHIBITED 
1201.E.  
SIMULTANEOUS BUY AND SELL ORDERS FOR DIFFERENT BENEFICIAL 
OWNERS 
1201.F.  
WASH TRADES PROHIBITED 
1201.G. 
PREARRANGED, PRE-NEGOTIATED AND NONCOMPETITIVE TRADES 
PROHIBITED 
1201.H.  
RESPONSIBILITY FOR CUSTOMER ORDERS  
1201.I.  
DISCRETIONARY ORDERS 
1201.J.  
PRIORITY OF EXECUTION 
1201.K.  
RECORDKEEPING REQUIREMENTS FOR CME SPOT MARKET TRADING 
1201.L.  
TRADE DATA SUBMITTED TO THE EXCHANGE 
1201.M.  
DISRUPTIVE PRACTICES PROHIBITED 
1201.N.  
SPOT MARKET TRADING AGREEMENT  
1201.O.  
ERROR TRADES  
1202.  ARBITRATION 
1202.A.  
DISPUTES SUBJECT TO CME ARBITRATION 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 44 
1202.B.  
INITIATING AN ARBITRATION CLAIM 
1202.C.  
ANSWERING AN ARBITRATION CLAIM 
1202.D.  
FAILURE TO ANSWER 
1202.E.  
COUNTERCLAIMS, CROSS-CLAIMS AND THIRD-PARTY CLAIMS 
1202.F.  
REVIEW OF ARBITRABILITY 
1202.G.  
CONSOLIDATION OF ARBITRATION DISPUTES 
1202.H.  
WITHDRAWAL OF CLAIMS 
1202.I.  
PERIOD OF ELIGIBILITY FOR ARBITRATION 
1202.J.  
PARALLEL PROCEEDINGS  
1202.K.  
REQUESTS FOR DOCUMENTS, INFORMATION OR TESTIMONY 
1202.L.  
DOCUMENTS AND WITNESSES TO BE PRESENTED AT HEARING 
1202.M.  
ADDITIONAL PROCEDURES 
1202.N.  
ARBITRATION PANEL 
1202.O.  
HEARING PROCEDURES 
1202.P.  
AWARDS 
1202.Q.  
CORRECTION OF AWARD 
1202.R.  
SATISFACTION OF AWARD 
1202.S.  
RIGHT TO COUNSEL 
1202.T.  
COMPUTATION OF TIME 
1202.U.  
SUBMISSIONS TO OR COMMUNICATIONS WITH THE PANEL 
1202.V.  
ARBITRATION FEES 
1202.W.  
CONFIDENTIALITY  
 
1203.  DELIVERY FACILITIES AND DELIVERY PROCEDURES 
1203.A.  
SCOPE OF RULE 
1203.B.  
DECLARATIONS OF FORCE MAJEURE 
1203.C.  
REGULAR WAREHOUSES 
1203.D.  
REVOCATION, EXPIRATION OR WITHDRAWAL OF REGULARITY  
1203.E.  
LIABILITY FOR NEGLIGENCE OF GRADERS 
1203.F.  
FINALITY OF USDA OR OTHER REQUIRED GRADING CERTIFICATE OR 
 
 
CERTIFICATE OF ANALYSIS 
1203.G.  
APPENDIX 
 
1204.  SPOT CALL NONFAT DRY MILK  
1204.A. 
COMMODITY SPECIFICATIONS 
1204.B. 
SPOT CALL  
1204.C. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES  
1204.D. 
DEVIATIONS AND ALLOWANCES 
1204.E. 
PACKAGING  


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 44 
1204.F. 
INSPECTION  
1204.G. 
DELIVERY PROCEDURES 
1204.H. 
ASSOCIATED COSTS 
1204.I. 
SETTLEMENT OF DISPUTES  
1204.J. 
CME SPOT MARKET FEES  
1204.K. 
FAILURE TO PERFORM  
 
1205. 
SPOT CALL BUTTER 
1205.A. 
COMMODITY SPECIFICATIONS 
1205.B. 
SPOT CALL  
1205.C. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES  
1205.D. 
DEVIATIONS AND ALLOWANCES 
1205.E. 
PACKAGING  
1205.F. 
INSPECTION  
1205.G. 
DELIVERY PROCEDURES 
1205.H. 
ASSOCIATED COSTS 
1205.I. 
SETTLEMENT OF DISPUTES  
1205.J. 
CME SPOT MARKET FEES  
1205.K. 
FAILURE TO PERFORM  
1206.  SPOT CALL CHEESE 
1206.A. 
COMMODITY SPECIFICATIONS 
1206.B. 
SPOT CALL  
1206.C. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES  
1206.D. 
DEVIATIONS AND ALLOWANCES 
1206.E. 
PACKAGING  
1206.F. 
INSPECTION  
1206.G. 
DELIVERY PROCEDURES 
1206.H. 
ASSOCIATED COSTS 
1206.I. 
SETTLEMENT OF DISPUTES  
1206.J. 
CME SPOT MARKET FEES  
1206.K. 
FAILURE TO PERFORM  
1207.  SPOT CALL DRY WHEY 
1207.A. 
COMMODITY SPECIFICATIONS 
1207.B. 
SPOT CALL  
1207.C. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES  
1207.D. 
DEVIATIONS AND ALLOWANCES 
1207.E. 
PACKAGING  
1207.F. 
INSPECTION  
1207.G. 
DELIVERY PROCEDURES 
1207.H. 
ASSOCIATED COSTS 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 4 of 44 
1207.I. 
SETTLEMENT OF DISPUTES  
1207.J. 
CME SPOT MARKET FEES  
1207.K. 
FAILURE TO PERFORM  
1208. 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 5 of 44 
Chapter 12 
CME Spot Market Trading – Electronic 
Electronic trading of a spot commodity contract on the CME Spot Market via the CME Direct Auction Platform 
(“CDAP”) is facilitated by Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and governed by the Rules of this Chapter.  Unless 
otherwise specified in this Chapter, CME Spot Market trades are not subject to the Rules applicable to trading of 
other contracts offered by CME or any of the CME Group Designated Contract Markets. Defined terms of this 
Chapter are included in the Definitions Section of the CME Rulebook.  
DISCLAIMER 
CME SPOT MARKET IS NOT REGISTERED WITH, OR DESIGNATED, RECOGNIZED, LICENSED OR 
APPROVED BY THE CFTC. 
1200. 
ENFORCEMENT OF RULES 
1200.A. 
General Provisions 
The Board has adopted Rules, and from time to time adopts amendments and supplements to such 
Rules, to promote a free and open market on CME Spot Market and to maintain appropriate business 
conduct.   The Board has delegated responsibility for the investigation and imposition of penalties for 
violations of CME Spot Market Rules to staff of the CME Group Market Regulation Department (“Market 
Regulation Department”) and to certain committees as set forth in these Rules.  The delegation of such 
responsibility and authority shall in no way limit the authority of the Board with respect to all Rule 
violations. 
For purposes of Chapter 12, the term "Member" shall mean: 1) individuals or entities trading in CME 
Spot Market, including individuals and entities described in CME Rule 106; 2) employees, authorized 
representatives, contractors, and agents of a Member in regard to the CME Spot  Market related 
activities of such individuals or entities; 3) warehouses and plants deemed regular for delivery of CME 
Spot Market contracts; and 4) individuals and entities that have agreed in writing or via electronic 
signature to comply with the Rules of CME Spot Market. 
Members are deemed to know, consent to and be bound by all CME Spot Market Rules.   Former 
Members shall be subject to the continuing jurisdiction of the Board and the Market Regulation 
Department including, without limitation, the application of Rule 1200.H., with respect to any conduct 
that occurred while a Member. 
1200.B. 
The Chief Regulatory Officer 
It shall be the duty of the Chief Regulatory Officer of the Market Regulation Department to enforce CME 
Spot Market Rules, and he shall have available to him at all times the resources of the Market 
Regulation Department and such other resources as may be necessary to conduct investigations of 
potential or alleged Rule violations and market conditions.  The Chief Regulatory Officer shall have the 
authority to inspect the books and records of all parties subject to the jurisdiction of CME Spot Market 
pursuant to CME Spot Market Rule1200.F. and the authority to require any such party to appear before 
him and produce his or its books and records and answer questions regarding alleged violations of 
CME Spot Market Rules, at the time, place and in the manner he designates.  The Chief Regulatory 
Officer may also delegate his authority to staff of the Market Regulation Department. 
1200.C. 
Sanctions 
If the Market Regulation Department finds that a party, including a Member, has violated a CME Spot 
Market Rule, the Market Regulation Department may take one or more of the following actions: 
1. 
Order the party to cease and desist from the conduct found to be in violation of these Rules; 
2. 
Restrict, suspend or terminate the party’s access to CME Spot Market, the CME Direct Auction 
Platform (“CDAP”), the Globex platform, the Trading Floor or any other trading or clearing platform 
or facility owned or controlled by CME Group, or right to supervise the entry of any orders into such 
platforms by others; 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 6 of 44 
3. 
Impose a fine upon the party not to exceed $100,000 per violation; 
4.  Order a party to disgorge any monetary benefit resulting from a violation of a CME Spot Market 
Rule whether by that party or another party. For purposes of this provision benefit includes, without 
limitation, profit, whether realized or unrealized, and avoided losses, 
5. 
Prescribe limitations on transactions of the party as may be appropriate; 
6. 
Order a party to make restitution to the account of anyone damaged by the conduct;  
7. 
Order a party or its legal counsel or other representative to pay out of pocket expenses incurred by 
the Market Regulation Department in connection with the matter if such party or counsel engaged 
in vexatious, frivolous or bad faith conduct during the course of an investigation or enforcement 
proceeding; and/or 
8. 
Order such action as is necessary to prevent a threat to the contract or violation of these Rules. 
1200.D. 
Emergency Actions 
1. The Chief Regulatory Officer, or his designee, is authorized to determine whether an emergency 
exists and whether emergency action is warranted.  The following events and/or conditions may 
constitute emergencies: 
a. 
Any actual, attempted, or threatened market manipulation; 
b. 
Any actual, attempted, or threatened corner, squeeze, congestion, or undue concentration of 
positions; 
c. 
Any action taken or considered by the United States or any foreign government or any state or local 
government body, any other contract market, board of trade, or any other exchange or trade 
association (foreign or domestic), which may have an impact on trading on CME Spot Market; 
d. 
The actual or threatened bankruptcy or insolvency of any Member or the imposition of any 
injunction or other restraint by any government agency, self-regulatory organization, court or 
arbitrator upon a Member which may affect the ability of that Member to perform on its contracts; 
e. 
Any circumstance in which it appears that a Member or any other Person or entity has failed to 
perform contracts or is in such financial or operational condition or is conducting business in such a 
manner that such Person or entity cannot be permitted to continue in business without jeopardizing 
the safety of Members or CME Spot Market;  
f. 
Any other circumstance which may have a severe, adverse effect upon the functioning of CME 
Spot Market, except that declarations of Force Majeure and actions taken with respect to such 
declarations will be governed by the provisions of CME Spot Market Rule 1203.B. 
 
2. In the event that the Chief Regulatory Officer determines, in the good faith exercise of his sole 
discretion, that an emergency exists, he may take any of the following emergency actions or any other 
action that may be appropriate to respond to the emergency: 
a. 
Suspend, curtail or terminate trading in any or all spot contracts; 
b. 
Restrict, suspend or terminate a party’s access to the CDAP, the Globex platform, the Trading 
Floor, or any other trading or clearing platform or facility owned or controlled by CME Group, or 
right to supervise the entry of any orders into such platforms by others; 
c. 
Order liquidation or transfer of delivery obligation when a holder is unwilling or unable to make or 
take delivery; 
d. 
Modify the trading days or hours; 
e. 
Modify conditions of delivery; and/or 
f. 
Order any other action or undertaking to address or relieve the emergency. 
The Market Regulation Department shall give appropriate notice of such action.  As soon as practicable, 
the Board shall be notified of the emergency action.  Nothing in this section shall in any way limit the 
authority of the Board, other committees, or other appropriate officials to act in an emergency situation 
as defined by these Rules.   


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 7 of 44 
1200.E. 
Investigations 
The Market Regulation Department shall investigate potential or alleged Rule violations.  Investigations 
and all information and documents obtained during the course of an investigation shall be treated as 
non-public and confidential and shall not be disclosed by any party, except as necessary to further an 
investigation by the Market Regulation Department or as required by law.  The Market Regulation 
Department is authorized to take recorded interviews pursuant to an investigation.  Parties and 
witnesses being interviewed shall have the right to representation, at their own cost, by legal counsel or 
anyone other than a member of the Board or an employee of CME Group or a Person related to the 
investigation. 
Upon conclusion of an investigation, the Market Regulation Department may issue a warning letter to 
any party as a result of the investigation.  Such letter shall not constitute either the finding of a Rule 
violation or a penalty.  The Market Regulation Department may also impose one or more of the 
sanctions set forth in CME Spot Market Rule 1200.C. on the party.  The decision of the Market 
Regulation Department shall be final and the party sanctioned shall not have any right to appeal. 
Investigation File 
The Market Regulation Department shall maintain a file once an investigation is initiated.  The file shall 
include any materials in the possession of the Market Regulation Department that are relevant to the 
conduct being investigated.   
1200.F. 
Consent to Exchange Jurisdiction 
Any Member initiating or executing a transaction on or subject to the Rules of CME Spot Market directly 
or through an intermediary, and any Member for whose benefit such a transaction has been initiated or 
executed, agrees to be bound by and comply with the Rules of CME Spot Market in relation to such 
transactions, including, but not limited to, Rules requiring cooperation and participation in investigatory 
and disciplinary processes, and expressly consents to the jurisdiction of the Exchange and its Market 
Regulation Department in order to enforce such Rules. 
1200.G.  
Contract Modification 
All deliveries must conform to government regulations in force at the time of delivery.  Unless 
specifically provided otherwise in the applicable product section of this chapter, if any duly authorized 
U.S. government agency or body with appropriate jurisdiction issues an order, ruling, directive or law 
that conflicts with the requirements of these Rules, such order, ruling directive or law shall be construed 
to take precedence and become part of these Rules, and all contracts shall be subject to such 
government orders. 
1200.H. 
General Offenses 
It shall be an offense: 
1. 
a. 
to engage in fraud or bad faith; 
 
b. 
to engage in conduct or proceedings inconsistent with just and equitable principles of trade; 
2. 
to engage in dishonest conduct; 
3. 
to create or report a false or fictitious trade; 
4. 
to extort or attempt extortion; 
5. 
to buy or sell any CME Spot Market contracts with the intent to default on such purchase or sale; 
6. 
to engage in, or attempt to engage in, the manipulation of prices of CME Spot Market contracts; to 
corner or squeeze, or attempt to corner or squeeze, the market; or to purchase or sell, or offer to 
purchase or sell CME Spot Market contracts for the purpose of upsetting the equilibrium of the 
market or creating a condition in which prices do not or will not reflect fair market values; 
7. 
to make a verbal or written material misstatement to a committee, or any Market Regulation 
Department employee; 
8. 
to knowingly disseminate false, misleading or inaccurate information concerning market information 
or conditions that affect or may affect the price of any CME Spot Market contract. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 8 of 44 
9. 
a. 
to fail to appear before Market Regulation Department staff or any committee at a duly 
convened hearing, scheduled staff interview or in connection with any investigation; 
b. 
to fail to fully answer all questions or produce all books and records at such hearing or in 
connection with any investigation, or to make false statements; 
c. 
to fail to produce any books or records requested by duly authorized Market Regulation 
Department staff, in the format and medium specified in the request, within 10 days after such 
request is made or such shorter period of time as determined by the Market Regulation 
Department in exigent circumstances; 
10. to use or disclose, for any purpose other than the performance of an individual's official duties as a 
member of any committee any non-public information obtained by reason of participating in any 
committee meeting or hearing; 
11. for a Member to permit the use of facilities in a manner that is detrimental to the interest or welfare 
of CME Spot Market or results in a violation of CME Spot Market Rules; 
12. to commit an act which is detrimental to the interest or welfare of CME Spot Market or to engage in 
any conduct which tends to impair the dignity or good name of CME Group; 
13. to fail to submit to arbitration any dispute which Market Regulation Department staff or an 
arbitration panel decides should be arbitrated pursuant to the Rules of this Chapter; or to fail to 
comply with a final arbitration award; 
14. to fail to comply with an order of the Market Regulation Department staff or any hearing committee; 
15. to engage in dishonorable or uncommercial conduct; 
16. except where a power of attorney or similar document has been executed, for any party to accept 
or transmit a customer order which has not been specifically authorized; 
17. for any party to fail to diligently supervise its employees and agents in the conduct of their business 
relating to CME Spot Market; and/or  
18. to aid or abet the commission of any violation of CME Spot Market Rules. 
1200.I. 
Strict Liability for the Acts of Agents  
Notwithstanding Rule 1200.H.17., the act, omission, or failure of any official, agent, or other Person 
acting for any party within the scope of his employment or office shall be deemed the act, omission or 
failure of the party, as well as of the official, agent or other Person who committed the act. 
1200.J. 
Effect of Suspension or Expulsion 
Unless otherwise determined by the Market Regulation Department with jurisdiction over such matters, 
a suspended or expelled Member shall not be entitled to any of the privileges of membership during the 
period of such suspension or expulsion, including, but not limited to, the right to access any trading floor 
or electronic trading platform owned or controlled by CME Group. 
1200.K. 
Member’s Indemnification Liability 
A Member or former Member shall indemnify and hold harmless Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc., 
including each of its respective affiliates (collectively, the indemnified parties) and their officers, 
directors, employees, and agents, for any and all losses, damages, costs and expenses (including 
attorneys’ fees) incurred by the indemnified parties as a result (directly or indirectly) of such Member’s 
use of the CDAP and any violation or alleged violation of these Rules or state or federal law. 
Any monetary obligations arising out of this Rule shall be subject to liens as provided in CME Rule 
110(a).  
1200.L. 
Claims by Members 
A Member who commences a legal action against Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc., its directors, 
officers, employees, or agents, or another Member of the Exchange without first resorting to and 
exhausting the procedures and the mandatory arbitration provisions of CME Spot Market Rule 1202, or 
any other Rules relating to settlement of disputes arising out of transactions or matters pertaining to 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 9 of 44 
CME Spot Market shall be deemed to have committed an act detrimental to the interest or welfare of the 
CME Spot Market.   
1200.M. 
Notification of Significant Events 
Each Member shall provide immediate notice to the Market Regulation Department in writing upon 
becoming aware of any of the following events relating to such Member: 
1. 
any suspension, expulsion, revocation or restriction of such Member’s trading privileges or any fine 
in excess of $25,000, through an adverse determination, voluntary settlement or otherwise, by any 
court, commodity or securities exchange or related clearing organization, the Securities and 
Exchange Commission, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission or the securities commission 
or equivalent authority of any state, territory, the District of Columbia or foreign country, the 
National Futures Association, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. or any self-regulatory 
or regulatory organization; 
2. 
any indictment of the Member or any of its officers for, any conviction of the Member or any of its 
officers of, or any confession of guilt or plea of guilty or nolo contendere by the Member or any of 
its officers to 1) any felony or 2) any misdemeanor involving, arising from, or related to the 
purchase or sale of any commodity, security, futures contract, option or other financial instrument 
or involving or arising from fraud or moral turpitude; and/or 
3. 
any filing of a bankruptcy petition or insolvency, receivership or equivalent proceeding of which the 
Member is a subject. In the case of a voluntary bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or equivalent 
proceeding, the Member also shall notify the Market Regulation Department when such Member 
forms a definite intention to file such proceeding. 
Nothing in this Rule shall limit or negate any other reporting obligations that any Member may have to 
CME, the other CME Group exchanges or any other regulator or Person. 
1200.N. 
Payments of Disciplinary Fines, Disgorgement Orders and Restitution 
Disciplinary fines, disgorgement and restitution amounts ordered by the Market Regulation Department 
must be submitted to the Market Regulation Department no later than the date specified in the notice of 
decision.  An individual who fails to provide proof of payment within the time prescribed will forfeit the 
following privileges until the payment has been received: 1) access to all CME Group markets; 2) 
access to the Globex platform; and 3) access to any other electronic trading or clearing platform or 
facility owned or controlled by CME Group.  Any Member Firm that fails to make the required payment 
within the time prescribed will automatically forfeit preferred fee treatment for its proprietary trading until 
the payment has been received. Any party that fails to make the required payment shall immediately 
forfeit eligibility for any incentive or rebate program until the amount is paid in full.  Any party that fails to 
pay a disciplinary fine, disgorgement order or restitution within the prescribed time period may also be 
subject to sanctions pursuant to CME Spot Market Rule 1200.H.14. 
Parties may, subject to a determination by the sanctioning entity, be liable for unpaid fines or unpaid 
disgorgement and restitution orders imposed upon their employees. 
1201. 
TRADING QUALIFICATIONS AND PRACTICES 
1201.A. 
Requirement for Spot Transactions to be Executed on CME Direct Auction Platform 
All CME Spot Market transactions must be executed electronically on the CME Direct Auction Platform 
(“CDAP”). 
1201.B. 
Priority of Customers’ Orders 
All CME Spot Market transactions shall be made competitively on the CDAP designated for the trading 
of CME Spot Market contracts.  No bid or offer shall be specified for acceptance by a particular trader.  
CME Spot Market transactions may take place only at the best price available on the CDAP at the time 
the trade occurs. 
A member shall not buy (sell) a CME Spot Market contract for his own account, an account in which he 
has a direct or indirect financial interest, or an account over which he has discretionary trading authority 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 10 of 44 
when he is in possession of an executable order for another Person to buy (sell) a CME Spot Market 
contract.   
The foregoing shall not apply to DRT orders provided that the customer has previously consented in 
writing and evidence of such general consent is indicated on the order with the “WP” (with permission) 
designation.  In the case of a party holding a discretionary order for an account described in Rule 
1201.N., a "WP" designation on the order shall constitute sufficient evidence of prior consent. 
1201.C. 
Trading Against Customers’ Orders  
No Person in possession of a customer order shall knowingly take, directly or indirectly, the opposite 
side of such order for his own account, an account in which he has a direct or indirect financial interest, 
or an account over which he has discretionary trading authority, unless the customer order has been 
entered immediately upon receipt and has first been exposed on the CDAP for a minimum of 5 
seconds.  
Exceptions 
The foregoing restriction shall not apply to transactions where the customer has consented in writing no 
more than 12 months prior to the transaction to waive the application of CME Spot Market Rule 1201.F..  
Such transactions shall further be subject to the following requirements: (i) the member complies with 
the requirements set forth in Rule 1201.H.; (ii) the member clearly identifies, by appropriate descriptive 
words, all such transactions, and (iii) the member ensures that it is reported to Exchange price reporting 
staff for entry into the Exchange Price Reporting System as a cross trade.   
1201.D. 
Disclosing Orders Prohibited 
No Person shall disclose another Person's order to buy or sell except to a designated Exchange official 
and no Person shall solicit or induce another Person to disclose order information. No Person shall take 
action or direct another to take action based on non-public order information, however acquired.  The 
mere statement of opinions or indications of the price at which a market may open or resume trading 
does not constitute a violation of this Rule.  
1201.E. 
Simultaneous Buy and Sell Orders for Different Beneficial Owners 
Opposite orders for different beneficial owners that are simultaneously placed by a party with discretion 
over both accounts may be entered into the CDAP provided that one order is exposed for a minimum of 
5 seconds.  An order allowing for price and/or time discretion, if not entered immediately upon receipt, 
may be knowingly entered opposite another order entered by the same firm only if this other order has 
been entered immediately upon receipt and has been exposed on the CDAP for a minimum of 5 
seconds 
1201.F. 
Wash Trades Prohibited  
No Person shall place or accept buy and sell orders in the same contract where the Person knows or 
reasonably should know that the purpose of the orders is to avoid taking a bona fide market position 
exposed to market risk (transactions commonly known or referred to as wash sales).  Buy and sell orders 
for different accounts with common beneficial ownership that are entered with the intent to negate market 
risk or price competition shall also be deemed to violate the prohibition on wash trades. Additionally, no 
Person shall knowingly execute or accommodate the execution of such orders by direct or indirect 
means.  
1201.G.  
Prearranged, Pre-Negotiated and Noncompetitive Trades Prohibited 
No Person shall prearrange or pre-negotiate any CME Spot Market purchase or sale or 
noncompetitively execute any transaction.  
1201.H. 
Responsibility for Customer Orders 
Standard of Responsibility 
A Member shall exercise due diligence in the handling and execution of customer orders.  Failure to act 
with due diligence shall constitute negligence.  In the case of a dispute as to whether a Member has 
exercised due diligence, the appropriate arbitration panel or Chief Regulatory Officer or his designee is 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 11 of 44 
authorized to determine whether the Member was negligent and, if so, whether an adjustment is due to 
the customer.  The panel or Chief Regulatory Officer or his designee may take into consideration the 
nature of the order and existing market conditions at the time the Member acted or failed to act.  
However, no market condition nullifies a Member's responsibility to exercise due diligence. 
A Member is prohibited from directly or indirectly guaranteeing the execution of an order or any of its 
terms such as the quantity or price.  A Member may only report an execution that has been effected 
through the CDAP.  This rule shall not be construed to prevent a Member from assuming or sharing in 
the losses resulting from an error or the mishandling of an order.  
Liability for Negligence 
A Member may not adjust the price at which an order was executed or be held responsible for executing 
or failing to execute an order unless such Member was negligent or is settling a bona-fide dispute 
regarding negligence. 
A Member Firm may not compel an adjustment from a Member in the absence of a bona-fide dispute 
regarding negligence.  
1201.I. 
Discretionary Orders 
Other than DRT orders, no Member shall accept an order that gives more latitude than price and time in 
execution of the order. 
The above restriction shall not apply to those orders: 
1. 
placed by another member for an account owned by such member; 
2. 
placed by the member’s immediate family which includes a spouse, parent, child, grandparent, 
grandchild, brother, sister, aunt, uncle, nephew, niece or in-law;  
3. 
placed for proprietary accounts of Member Firms.  
1201.J. 
Priority of Execution 
A member shall not execute a discretionary order, including, without limitation, an order allowing the 
member discretion as to time and price, while in possession of an executable customer order.  No 
Person shall allocate executions in any manner other than an equitable manner. 
Non-discretionary customer orders received by a CDAP terminal operator shall be entered into CDAP in 
the sequence received. Non-discretionary orders that cannot be immediately entered into CDAP must 
be entered when the orders become executable in the sequence in which the orders were received. 
1201.K. 
Recordkeeping Requirements for CME Spot Market Trading 
General Requirements  
Each CDAP terminal operator entering orders into the CDAP shall accurately input for each order: a) 
the user ID b) the price, quantity, product, and account number. 
With respect to orders received by a CDAP terminal operator which are capable of being immediately 
entered into CDAP, no record other than that set forth above need be made. However, if CDAP terminal 
operator receives an order which cannot be immediately entered into CDAP, the CME Spot Market 
terminal operator must prepare a written order and include the account designation, date, time of 
receipt. The order must be entered into CDAP when it becomes executable.  
Retention of Records 
Each member must keep full, complete and systematic records, including records created or transmitted 
electronically, together with all pertinent data and memoranda, of all transactions relating to its business 
of dealing in spot contracts and related cash or forward transactions.  Written and electronic records 
must be retained for a minimum of five years in permanent form.  Oral communications must be 
recorded and must be retained for a minimum of one year past the date on which the oral 
communication occurred.  All records required to be retained shall at all times be open to inspection by 
Exchange staff.  
1201.L. 
Trade Data Submitted to the Exchange 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 12 of 44 
Subject to each market participant's rights with respect to its own data, the Exchange and CME Spot 
Market shall own all rights, title and interest, database rights and trade secret rights in and to all trade 
data and related information submitted in connection with trading on CME Spot Market. CME Spot 
Market has the exclusive right to use, distribute, sub-license, disclose and sell anonymized trade data 
and derivative works in any manner, media and jurisdiction. Market participants shall not redistribute 
trade data or derivative works based thereon unless licensed by the Exchange. The restriction on 
redistribution shall not apply to a market participant's own data.   
1201.M. 
Disruptive Practices Prohibited 
All orders must be entered for the purpose of executing bona fide transactions. Additionally, all non-
tradeable messages must be entered in good faith for legitimate purposes. 
1. No Person shall enter or cause to be entered an order with the intent, at the time of order entry, to 
cancel the order before execution or to modify the order to avoid execution; 
2. No Person shall enter or cause to be entered an actionable or non-tradeable message or messages 
with intent to mislead other market participants; 
3. No Person shall enter or cause to be entered an actionable or non-tradeable message or messages 
with intent to overload, delay, or disrupt the systems of the Exchange or other market participants; and 
4. No Person shall enter or cause to be entered an actionable or non-tradeable message with intent to 
disrupt, or with reckless disregard for the adverse impact on, the orderly conduct of trading or the fair 
execution of transactions. 
1201.N. 
Spot Market Trading Agreement 
All users must submit a completed and signed spot market trading agreement to the Exchange before 
gaining trading access to the CDAP.  
1201.O. 
Error Trades 
If a participant consummates a CME Spot Market trade in error, such participant must adhere to the 
following procedures to attempt to transfer the trade and the corresponding delivery obligation to 
another party:  
1. 
The participant must report the erroneous trade execution to Market Regulation and CME Clearing 
no later than 30 minutes after execution.   
2. 
The participant must make every effort to find another party willing to accept the trade and the 
corresponding delivery obligation, which must occur prior to the delivery deadline established by 
CME Spot Market. 
3. 
The party accepting the trade and delivery obligation must assume the trade at the original 
execution price. 
4. 
The error maker must notify the Exchange of the identity of the party willing to accepting the trade 
and the corresponding delivery obligation. 
 
The error maker will be assessed a fee of $500.00.  
All error notifications are subject to review and approval by the Exchange.  Notwithstanding the error 
procedures set forth above, if an error maker does not identify another party willing to accept the trade 
and the corresponding delivery obligation, all deliveries must be completed within the delivery timelines 
established by CME Spot Market. 
1202. 
ARBITRATION 
1202.A. 
Disputes Subject to CME Spot Market Arbitration 
Disputes Among Members 
Disputes between and among Members that are described below and that are based upon facts and 
circumstances that occurred at a time when the parties were Members shall be subject to mandatory 
arbitration in accordance with the Rules of this Chapter:    
1. 
claims between Members that relate to or arise out of any transaction on or subject to the Rules of 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 13 of 44 
CME Spot Market; 
2. 
claims between or among Members relating to trading rights on CME Spot Market; and 
3. 
claims against the Exchange, CME Group and any subsidiaries and affiliates related to CME Spot 
Market. 
Permissive Arbitrations 
The following may be submitted for arbitration under this Rule and, in the event such a claim is 
submitted against a Member, that Member is required to arbitrate the dispute under these rules, unless 
otherwise provided: 
1. 
claims of a customer against a Member that relate to or arise out of any transaction on or subject to 
the Rules of CME Spot Market; 
2. 
claims of a customer against a Member responsible for the spot-call delivery performance of a 
transaction on or subject to the Rules of CME Spot Market; 
3. 
At the discretion of the Chief Regulatory Officer, any claim involving the interests of CME Spot 
Market, its Members, their business relations or CME Spot Market trading in general not otherwise 
arbitrable under these Rules, provided the parties have consented to such arbitration. 
Waiver of Any Objection to Jurisdiction  
Any party who submits a claim or grievance to arbitration shall be conclusively presumed to have 
voluntarily recognized and agreed to the jurisdiction of the arbitration panel to hear and determine the 
claim. 
A customer who submits a claim for arbitration in accordance with these Rules consents thereby to the 
jurisdiction of the arbitrators and agrees to the arbitration of any counterclaims, cross-claims or third-
party claims by any respondent which arise out of the transaction that is the subject of the customer's 
claim.  The claim shall comply with the requirements of this Rule.  
Hearing Panel 
Any arbitration, whether mandatory or permissive, shall be heard by a Member Panel and its decision 
shall be rendered in accordance with this Rule.  A Member Panel shall mean an arbitration panel 
consisting of a co-chairman of the subcommittee of the CME and CBOT Arbitration Committee 
established for hearing arbitrations under this Rule and three Member panelists from such 
subcommittee.  
Refusal to Hear Certain Disputes 
A chairman may, but shall not be required to, order that a dispute that is otherwise arbitrable under 
these Rules not be arbitrated hereunder if the dispute requires for adjudication the presence of essential 
witnesses or third parties over whom the Panel has no jurisdiction or who are not otherwise available, or 
if the dispute requires the application of the rules of another exchange.  
1202.B. 
Initiating an Arbitration Claim 
In the event that a complaint is received it shall be referred to the Market Regulation Department, which 
shall, when appropriate, forward to the complainant a Consent Form for arbitration under this Rule.  
Such form shall inform the claimant, by attachment of all pertinent Rules, of his or her rights and 
obligations, including costs associated with arbitration.   
A claimant may initiate a claim by submitting a written description of the dispute, a completed Arbitration 
Cover Sheet and depositing the appropriate arbitration fee with the Market Regulation Department 
within the period of eligibility for arbitration claims.  The written claim shall include a clear description of 
the facts and circumstances involved in the dispute, including the transaction(s) or agreement(s) 
complained of, the names of the Persons and firms alleged to be responsible for any loss to the 
claimant, the dates of all acts or omissions relevant to the claim, a detailed calculation of the amount 
claimed and any other information necessary to fully describe the dispute.  In the case of a request for 
punitive damages, the claim shall set forth the facts the party intends to present in support of the claim 
that the misconduct was willful and wanton. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 14 of 44 
Notice shall then be given by the Market Regulation Department to the party against whom the claim is 
asserted, who shall respond to the claim in accordance with this Rule. 
The Market Regulation Department shall reject for filing any claim that does not fully describe the 
dispute, is clearly filed after the period of eligibility has expired or is clearly not arbitrable under this 
Rule.  Such a claim will be promptly returned to the filing party with a notice describing the deficiency.  A 
claimant seeking to correct the deficiency and file an amended claim may do so within 30 days of 
receiving notice describing the deficiency despite any expiration of the period of eligibility prescribed by 
this Rule during that 30-day period.  The acceptance for filing by the Market Regulation Department 
shall not preclude a challenge to the arbitrability of the claim nor create a presumption that the claim is 
arbitrable. 
1202.C. 
Answering an Arbitration Claim 
Each respondent shall file a written response within 21 days after receipt of the written claim.  However, 
if a party has timely filed a challenge to the arbitrability of the dispute, its response shall be due 21 days 
after receipt of the written decision confirming the arbitrability of the dispute. 
The written answer must admit the claim or describe the respondent’s basis for denying liability to the 
claimant(s).  The answer may include an admission or denial of each specific allegation contained in the 
claim and/or the respondent’s narrative description of the facts and circumstances involved in the 
dispute.  A respondent may assert in an answer any defense that would be available in a court of law or 
equity, including any affirmative defense. 
1202.D. 
Failure to Answer 
A respondent’s unexcused failure to file a timely answer shall constitute an admission of the facts 
alleged in a claim. 
1202.E. 
Counterclaims, Cross-Claims and Third-Party Claims 
A respondent may assert any counterclaim, cross-claim and/or third-party claim to the extent such claim 
would be allowable as an original claim under these Rules and, in response to claims by a customer 
against a Member, the Member may assert any counterclaim, cross-claim and/or third-party claim 
arising out of the same transaction or incident that is the subject of the customer’s claim.  Each 
respondent must file any counterclaim, cross-claim or third-party claim at the same time an answer to a 
claim is due.  Initiating counterclaims, cross-claims, third-party claims and answers thereto shall 
conform to the requirements for initiating and answering original claims. 
A respondent who believes that another Member may have a claim to any money or property which is 
the subject of a dispute in arbitration and that the failure of that other Member to assert a claim in the 
pending arbitration could prejudice the interests of the respondent may submit a request to the 
chairman to compel the participation of the other Member.  If a Member fails to file such claim after 
being ordered to assert that claim in the pending arbitration, then notwithstanding any other Rule, that 
Member shall be barred from asserting in the future any claim against the respondent that is based on 
the same transaction, occurrence or subject. 
1202.F. 
Review of Arbitrability 
Any party may file a challenge to the arbitrability of a dispute submitted for arbitration under this Rule.  A 
party’s failure to file a timely challenge to arbitrability shall waive any right to object thereafter to the 
arbitrability of the dispute. 
A challenge to arbitrability by a claimant must be filed no later than 5 days after the claim is submitted 
for arbitration.  A challenge to arbitrability by a respondent must be filed no later than 10 days after the 
respondent has received notice of the claim.  The request must be in writing and state the reasons why 
the dispute is not arbitrable.  Any other party may file a written response in support of or opposition to 
the challenge no later than 10 days after receiving notice of the challenge to arbitrability. 
The chairman may decide the arbitrability of a dispute based on his consideration of the written 
submissions of the parties.  The chairman’s decision shall be final and is not appealable. 
1202.G. 
Consolidation of Arbitration Disputes 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 15 of 44 
If a chairman receives notice that two or more arbitration disputes are related, the chairman may order 
that any or all of the disputes be consolidated for purposes of conducting a hearing on the disputes.  In 
determining whether to consolidate the disputes the chairman may consider the efficiencies of 
consolidation as well as the burdens and benefits to the parties in consolidating the disputes. 
1202.H. 
Withdrawal of Claims 
A. A party may voluntarily withdraw its claim, counterclaim, cross-claim or third-party claim without 
prejudice at any time before an answer thereto has been filed by notifying the Market Regulation 
Department in writing of such withdrawal.   
B. After an answer to any claim, counterclaim, cross-claim or third-party claim has been filed, the 
claimant seeking to withdraw the claim, counterclaim, cross-claim or third-party claim must submit 
to the chairman a written request to withdraw with prejudice or upon such terms and conditions as 
may be imposed by the chairman. 
C. A withdrawal with prejudice under this Rule shall bar the claimant from re-filing any claim based on 
the same acts, transactions or omissions as the dismissed claim. 
1202.I. 
Period of Eligibility for Arbitration 
An arbitration must be initiated within one year of the date the claimant knew or should have known of 
the dispute on which the claim is based.   
Counterclaims, cross-claims and third-party claims must be submitted no later than the date on which 
the answer is due. 
1202.J. 
Parallel Proceedings  
No claim will be accepted for arbitration if the Market Regulation Department receives notice that 
another arbitration, reparations action or civil court proceeding based on the same act, transaction or 
omission as the arbitration claim is pending at the time of filing. 
No claim, counterclaim, cross-claim or third party-claim will be accepted for arbitration against a 
respondent if the Market Regulation Department has received notice that a stay exists due to the 
pendency of any bankruptcy proceeding against that respondent.  If such a stay arises after a claim is 
accepted for arbitration or if the Market Regulation Department subsequently learns that such a stay is 
pending, the claim shall be dismissed without prejudice as to each respondent who is the subject of the 
stay.  Nothing in this Rule shall prevent a claim in arbitration from proceeding against any remaining 
respondent. 
1202.K. 
Requests for Documents, Information or Testimony 
A. The initial schedule for document requests by parties and responses will be set by the Market 
Regulation Department.  The chairman may require any Member, or any Person employed by or 
associated with a Member to produce relevant documents in his possession or control at any time 
after a claim has been filed. 
Upon the failure of a party or Member to voluntarily produce relevant documents in its possession 
or control upon request by a party, the party seeking the documents may submit a written request 
to the chairman for an order compelling the production of such documents. 
1. 
Any request for an order compelling production of documents must: 
a.  identify each document or type of document sought with as much specificity as possible;  
b. 
explain the relevance of each document or type of document sought; and 
c. 
include a representation that the requesting party has attempted to obtain the documents 
from the responding party before resorting to a request to the chairman. 
2. 
The party or Member against whom an order compelling production is sought shall: 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 16 of 44 
a. 
produce copies of the requested documents to the requesting party and the Market 
Regulation Department; or 
b. 
represent in writing that the documents are not in his possession or control and explain 
the basis for such representation, and, if applicable, identify who is in possession or 
control of the requested documents; or 
c. 
object in writing to a request and provide the basis for each objection. 
C. The chairman may require any Member, or any Person employed by or associated with a Member, 
to appear and to testify at a hearing.   
D. Whenever such production or appearance results from the request of a party, all reasonable costs 
and expenses incurred shall be borne by the party making the request, unless directed otherwise 
by the panel.  A party who incurs costs and expenses recoverable under this Rule may, no later 
than the close of the last hearing date in the matter, submit an application to the panel for such 
costs and expenses.  Such application shall contain a detailed explanation of amounts claimed.  
The panel may grant or deny all or any portion of the application. 
E. Any Member or employee thereof failing to appear, testify or produce documents in accordance 
with this Rule may be charged with a violation of Rule 1200.H.  
1202.L. 
Documents and Witnesses to be Presented at Hearing 
No later than 10 business days prior to the first scheduled hearing, each party must provide every other 
party and the Market Regulation Department with copies of all documents that the party intends to offer 
into evidence and a list of the names of all witnesses, including party-witnesses, who the party intends 
to call at the hearing in support of a claim or defense.  Parties are not required under this Rule to 
provide copies of those documents that they may use, or to identify any witnesses whom they may call, 
only in cross-examination or rebuttal. 
1202.M. 
Additional Procedures 
The chairman may establish any procedures not otherwise contemplated by these Rules necessary to 
establish a just, equitable and efficient method of resolving a particular dispute, except that motions to 
dismiss and motions for summary judgment are not permitted under these Rules. 
1202.N. 
Arbitration Panel 
Appointment of Arbitration Panel 
The Market Regulation Department shall select a Member Panel as set forth in Rule 1202.A. to hear 
and decide a dispute.     
Requests to Remove an Arbitrator 
1. 
Each party may request the removal of any arbitrator(s) from a panel for good cause shown.  Such 
request must be made at least 7 days before the start of the first scheduled hearing.  Failure of a 
party to timely request the removal of any arbitrator(s) will be deemed a waiver of that party’s right 
to any further objection to the arbitrator’s participation in the hearing and decision of the dispute. 
2. 
The chairman, after considering a request to remove an arbitrator, another party’s objections 
thereto and/or the statements of an arbitrator whose removal is sought, may deny the request or 
excuse the arbitrator.  The chairman’s decision shall be final and may not be appealed. 
3. 
If an arbitrator is excused prior to the date of the first scheduled hearing, the Market Regulation 
Department shall select another Arbitration Committee member to replace the excused arbitrator at 
the hearing.  Parties may make any appropriate request for the removal of the replacement 
arbitrator under this Rule. 
4. 
If an arbitrator is excused on or after the date of the first scheduled hearing, the dispute may, at the 
election of the non-requesting party and with the consent of the chairman be heard and decided by 
the remaining arbitrators. 
1202.O. 
Hearing Procedures 
Arbitrations Resolved Without a Hearing 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 17 of 44 
Arbitration claims, cross-claims third-party claims or counterclaims that do not exceed $10,000 may, in 
the interests of efficiency and economy, be resolved without hearing.  The panel shall render its 
decision based upon the parties’ written submissions and any other relevant information obtained and 
provided to the panel and the parties at the direction of the chairman and/or the panel.   
Chairman 
The panel chairman shall preside over the proceeding and shall make such determinations on 
relevancy and procedure as will promote a fair and expeditious adjudication of any claim.  The chairman 
may administer oaths or affirmations by witnesses.  Upon request of the panel chairman, the Market 
Regulation Department shall submit any documents to the panel and parties that are relevant and 
readily available. 
Arbitrators 
The arbitration panel shall consider all relevant, probative testimony and documents submitted by the 
parties.  The panel shall be the sole judge of the law and the facts, but if the panel is in doubt as to any 
questions of law, it may refer the question to its legal counsel who shall be one of the Market Regulation 
Department’s Enforcement Counsel for an opinion.  The panel shall not be bound by the formal rules of 
evidence. The final decision of the panel shall be by majority vote of the arbitrators, and the chairman 
shall vote only to resolve a tie.   
Parties and their Representatives 
Each party and his representative has the right to examine all relevant documents prior to and during 
the hearing, to present all relevant evidence in support of a claim or defense or as rebuttal to a claim or 
defense, and to question during the hearing witnesses presented in connection with a claim or defense.  
An entity may have one corporate representative of the entity, in addition to any counsel of record, 
attend the arbitration hearing.  Such corporate representative is not precluded from testifying in the 
matter. 
Witnesses 
All testimony offered to the panel will be under oath or affirmation.  Witnesses will be permitted in the 
hearing room only while providing testimony to the panel.  Witnesses shall testify in person at the 
hearing, except that for good cause shown and in the discretion of the chairman, a witness may be 
allowed to testify by telephone or other appropriate means.   
Hearing Record 
An audio recording or transcription of the proceeding shall be made by the Market Regulation 
Department. Unless otherwise ordered by a chairman of the CME and CBOT Arbitration Committee, a 
copy of the audio recording or transcript will be released to a party only for the purpose of an application 
to confirm, vacate, modify or correct an award in a court of law.  The requesting party shall bear the cost 
of copying the recording or transcript. 
1202.P. 
Awards 
Decision by Panel 
After a hearing, or, on customer claims that do not exceed $10,000 upon consideration of the pleadings 
and other relevant information, the arbitration panel shall issue a written decision signed by the panel 
chairman and at least a majority of the panel.  The panel may decide any matter in controversy and 
issue any order the panel deems necessary to fully resolve the dispute.  The Market Regulation 
Department shall promptly serve copies on all parties.  The decision of the panel shall be final and not 
appealable. A monetary award made by the panel may include the following:  
1. 
Actual damages;  
2. 
Interest thereon;  
3. 
Punitive damages of no more than two times the amount of actual damages.;  
4. 
The arbitration fee incurred by a prevailing party, or a portion thereof; and  
5. 
All or any portion of the administrative costs of the proceeding and any other reasonable and 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 18 of 44 
necessary expenses, including, but not limited to, attorneys' fees (a) incurred by a party by reason 
of another party's frivolous or bad faith claim, defense, or conduct during the arbitration or 
(b) where a statutory or contractual basis exists for awarding such fees.  Requests for attorneys' 
fees and costs incurred in the arbitration proceeding must be raised in the proceeding or they are 
waived. 
Failure to Prosecute 
The chairman may order a party who fails to prosecute or defend a claim to pay all or a portion of its 
administrative costs incurred in connection with the arbitration claim.  
1202.Q. 
Correction of Award 
Any party may, within three days after receipt of the notice of decision, request the arbitration panel to 
modify or correct its decision where there has been an obvious material miscalculation or misdescription 
or where the notice is imperfect in a matter of form not affecting the merits of the dispute or decision. 
1202.R. 
Satisfaction of Award 
A party directed to pay an award shall submit payment of the amount due directly to the party receiving 
the award.  An arbitration award must be satisfied within 15 days of receipt of the notice of decision.  If a 
request is made to correct an award pursuant to Rule 1202.Q., the award must be satisfied within 15 
days of receipt of the corrected notice of decision. 
A party making payment must submit proof of payment to the Market Regulation Department no later 
than the business day following payment.  An individual member who fails to provide proof of payment 
within the time prescribed will forfeit the following privileges until proof of payment has been provided: 1) 
access to all CME Group markets; 2) access to the Globex platform; and 3) access to any other 
electronic trading or clearing platform owned or controlled by CME Group.  A Member Firm that fails to 
provide proof of payment within the time prescribed will forfeit preferred fee treatment for its proprietary 
trading.  Any Member that fails to pay an arbitration award within the time prescribed may be subject to 
sanctions pursuant to Rule 1200.H.13. and may be immediately removed from any trading floor owned 
or controlled by CME Group. 
1202.S. 
Right to Counsel 
Every Person is entitled to represent his own interests, be represented by an attorney at law of his 
choosing and at his own expense who is admitted to practice before the highest court in any State, or 
be represented by any other non-compensated representative at any stage of an arbitration proceeding.  
An entity must be represented by an officer or owner of the entity or by an attorney at law. 
1202.T. 
Computation of Time 
For the purposes of Rule 1202, when a period of time is prescribed by a number of days, and not a 
specific date, the first day counted for the time prescribed is the day after notice is received or other 
event giving rise to the period of time occurs.  Any submission is due or the time to take action shall 
lapse by the close of business on the last day counted, unless the last day is a weekend or CME Group 
exchange holiday, in which case the due date shall be the next following day the CME Group exchange 
is open for business. 
For time periods of five days or less, only days the CME Group exchange is open for business will be 
counted.  For all other time periods calendar days will be counted. 
1202.U. 
Submissions to or Communications with the Panel 
Any submission for consideration by a chairman or panel must be submitted to the Market Regulation 
Department with copies simultaneously served on each other party or designated representative of a 
party. 
After a dispute has been submitted for arbitration, a Person filing the claim or required to respond to the 
claim and any Person asked to provide documents, information or testimony in connection with such 
claim shall not contact any member of a panel appointed to hear the claim for any purpose related to 
the dispute described by the claim.   


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 19 of 44 
1202.V. 
Arbitration Fees 
Any Person submitting an arbitration claim shall remit the applicable fees as may be determined by the 
Market Regulation Department at the time of submission in order for such action to be effective.  
1202.W. 
Confidentiality  
Any and all documents, data, testimony, or other information obtained as part of an arbitration pursuant 
to this Rule shall be treated as strictly confidential by the parties to the Arbitration and the Member 
Panel. Such documents, data, testimony or other information may only be used for purposes of the 
arbitration or to confirm, vacate, modify or correct an award in a court of law and for no other purpose. 
1203. 
DELIVERY FACILITIES AND DELIVERY PROCEDURES 
1203.A. 
Scope of Rule 
Deliveries and delivery facilities shall be governed by this Rule and, where applicable, the Section of 
Chapter 12 which includes contract specifications for the commodities being delivered and such other 
requirements as CME Spot Market may prescribe. 
1203.B. 
Declarations of Force Majeure 
If a determination is made by the Chief Executive Officer, President of Global Operations, Technology & 
Risk or Chief Operating Officer, or their designee, that delivery or final settlement of any spot contract 
cannot be completed as a result of Force Majeure, he shall take such action as he deems necessary 
under the circumstances, and his decision shall be binding upon all parties to the contract.  
It shall be the duty of Members and regular facilities to notify CME Spot Market of any circumstances 
that may give rise to a declaration of Force Majeure. 
Nothing in this Rule shall in any way limit the authority of the Chief Regulatory Officer to act in a Force 
Majeure situation pursuant to CME Spot Market Rule 1200.D. 
1203.C. 
Regular Warehouses  
Conditions for Approval  
Warehouses (hereafter “facilities”) may be declared regular for delivery with the approval of CME Spot 
Market. Persons operating facilities who desire to have such facilities made regular for delivery shall 
make application for a declaration of regularity annually on a form prescribed by CME Spot Market prior 
to October 31. 
Initial regularity shall be effective either thirty days after CME Spot Market posts a notice that a bona 
fide application has been received or the day after the application is approved by CME Spot Market, 
whichever is later.  
CME Spot Market may establish such requirements and conditions for approval of regularity as it deems 
necessary. The application for regularity prescribed by CME Spot Market shall set forth conditions of 
regularity as well as other agreements with which the operator of the regular facility shall comply.  In 
addition to any conditions and agreements contained in such application or in the relevant product 
section, the following shall constitute conditions for regularity and requirements with which the operator 
of a regular facility shall comply:  
1. 
Facilities shall be a licensed, public, cold and/or dry storage warehouse and meet all local, state 
and federal requirements. 
2. 
The operator of such facility shall be in good financial standing and credit.  Financial statements 
must be reviewed or audited in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or 
other international financial standards as deemed acceptable by CME Spot Market.  On an annual 
basis, the facility shall provide CME Spot Market with copies of reviewed or audited financial 
statements of the facility, and its parent company (as applicable), as the reviewed or audited 
financial statements become available.  Additionally, the facility must provide CME Spot Market 
with notice of any substantial reduction in capital as compared to the most recent filing of a financial 
report.   


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 20 of 44 
3. 
The operator of the facility shall promptly advise the Registrar of any issues at the facility which 
may cause damage to product held in store by it, whenever such damage shall occur to an extent 
that will render the product undeliverable.  
4. 
The operator of the facility shall make such reports, keep such records and permit such facility 
visitation as CME Spot Market, or any other applicable government agency may require.  
5. 
No facility shall be declared regular unless it has in force and effect warehouseman’s legal liability 
insurance issued by such insurance companies and upon such terms and conditions as are 
satisfactory to CME Spot Market. 
6. 
Facilities shall provide such guarantees, bonds or other financial instruments to CME Spot Market 
as may be required to guaranty the performance of its obligations pursuant to these Rules and any 
conditions set forth in the conditions for approval. 
7. 
The facility is not required to own the storage facility and may lease the storage facility from the 
owner upon such terms and conditions as are satisfactory to CME Spot Market.  The facility may 
also enter into a service arrangement pursuant to which an agent or contractor performs the daily 
operations of the storage facility upon such terms and conditions as are satisfactory to CME Spot 
Market. The facility shall be responsible for the conduct of its agents or contractors. 
8. 
All officers, directors, employees and agents of a facility shall be prohibited from revealing any 
information regarding customers who have dealings with the facility except as permitted by CME 
Spot Market. 
In the event the facility or any of its respective parent, subsidiaries or affiliates, engage in any 
trading activity, whether directly or indirectly, for which the facility has received approval for 
regularity, the facility shall institute such controls as CME Spot Market, at its discretion, deems 
necessary to protect the confidentiality of the users of the facility. 
9. 
The operator of the facility shall not engage in unethical or inequitable practices, and shall comply 
with all applicable federal or state statutes, rules or regulations.  
10. Members operating regular facilities shall be subject to CME Spot Market Rules and shall abide by 
and comply with the terms of any disciplinary decision imposed against it pursuant to CME Spot 
Market Rules.  
11. Members operating regular facilities shall consent to the disciplinary jurisdiction of CME Spot 
Market for five years after such regularity lapses, for conduct which occurred while the facility was 
regular.  
CME Spot Market, in its sole discretion, may determine not to approve facilities for regularity, regardless 
of whether such facilities meet the preceding requirements and conditions.  
1203.D. Revocation, Expiration or Withdrawal of Regularity  
The Chief Regulatory Officer or his designee may revoke a declaration of regularity whenever a regular 
facility fails to comply with the conditions specified in this section, any other conditions to which it has 
agreed in its application for regularity, or any other CME Spot Market Rule.  
Unless a shorter notification period is otherwise authorized by CME Spot Market, a facility shall give six 
(6) months prior written notice to withdrawing from regularity. 
If the designation of a facility as regular is withdrawn or revoked, a notice shall be posted announcing 
such revocation and also the period of time.  
1203.E. 
Liability for Negligence of Graders 
CME Spot Market shall not be liable for any error or negligence of any grader, and all claims for liability 
relating to grading or certificates of analysis shall be waived. 
1203.F. 
Finality of USDA or Other Required Grading Certificate or Certificate of Analysis 
CME Spot Market assumes no responsibility and disclaims all liability on account of the grade, quantity 
or specifications of any commodity delivered on the basis of a USDA or other required grading 
certificate or certificate of analysis. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 21 of 44 
1203.G. 
Appendix 
Service Providers 
1204. 
SPOT CALL NONFAT DRY MILK 
1204.A. 
Commodity Specifications 
The nonfat dry milk shall be free flowing and manufactured using the spray process with a low heat 
treatment classification.  It shall not show less than 6.0 milligrams undenatured whey protein nitrogen 
per gram.  On the day of sale, the nonfat dry milk shall be less than 180 days old.  All nonfat dry milk 
shall be certified Kosher by a Rabbinical Service that provides Kosher classification.  The methods of 
analysis shall be those specified by the USDA. 
All nonfat dry milk sold on CME Spot Market shall have been produced in facilities that at the time of 
production have been surveyed and approved by the Grading Service of the USDA and are on the 
eligible list of that Service or on the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Public Health 
Service, Food and Drug Administration IMS List, Sanitation Compliance and Enforcement Ratings of 
Interstate Milk Shippers. 
Definitions  
 
1. 
The "spot call" is the procedure for trading and delivering nonfat dry milk as more fully set forth in 
this Rule. 
2. 
The "day of sale" is the day on which trading on the spot call is conducted. 
3. 
The ‘day of tender’ is the first business day after the day of sale. 
4. 
The "day of invoice” is the second business day after the day of sale. 
5. 
The "day of delivery” is the sixth business day after the day of sale. 
6. 
A "carlot" consists of between 41,000 and 45,000 pounds, net weight, of nonfat dry milk which must 
be manufactured on or before the day of sale.  No carlot shall consist of more than 3 sublots and 
each carlot shall be manufactured by a single plant. 
7. 
“Certificate of Analysis” means a legible document, endorsed by a lab technician and/or quality 
manager, certifying the following with respect to the Grade A Nonfat Dry Milk being offered for sale: 
(a) the warehouse or plant location; (b) the storage lot, and if applicable, release number; (c) the 
number of bags in each sublot and total number of bags in the warehouse lot and the marked 
weight; (d) the date in storage and storage type; (e) that the butterfat content of the nonfat is not 
more than 1.25%; (f) a moisture content of not more than 4.00%; (g) its titratable acidity shall be not 
more than 0.15%; (h) its solubility index shall be not more than 1.2 milliliters; (i) that it shall have a 
bacterial estimate of not more than 10,000 per gram; (j) coliform of less than 10 per gram; (k) its 
scorched particle content shall be not more than 15.0 grams; (l) yeast and mold; (m) salmonella; (n) 
whey protein nitrogen; (o) and heat process. 
1204.B. Spot Call  
Trading Schedule 
Contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and days as may be 
determined by CME Spot Market. 
Price Fluctuations  
The minimum price fluctuation shall be $.0025 per pound. 
The first posted bid (offer) of each trading session shall not be more than $.01 higher (lower) than the 
last market price noted for the previous session.  Subsequent bids (offers) that would establish or 
change the market price for the current session, or any responses to posted offers (bids) higher (lower) 
than the last market price, shall be made in price increments not to exceed $.01 per pound from the last 
market price. 
Posting Bids and Offerings 
A spot load can only be sold on CME Spot Market when, at the time of offering, the seller has 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 22 of 44 
documented possession/ownership of a deliverable load. 
Quantities Bid and Offered 
An offer to sell or bid to buy more than one carlot may be accepted in part or in full. 
Contract Modifications 
All deliveries must conform to government regulations in force at time of delivery.  If any federal 
governmental agency issues an order, ruling, directive or law that conflicts with the requirements of 
these Rules, such order, ruling, directive or law shall be construed to take precedence and become part 
of these Rules. 
1204.C.  
Settlement Procedures  
Seller's Duties  
1. 
The seller shall provide details about the nonfat dry milk, i.e., Certificate of Analysis, to the Clearing 
House and Buyer, by 3:00 p.m. (Chicago time) on the day of tender.  
2. 
The seller shall, by 3:00 p.m. (Chicago time) on the day of tender, deliver to the Clearing House the 
following: 
Any other documentation required by CME Spot Market. 
3. 
Upon receipt of buyer's instructions, seller shall immediately make shipment in accordance 
therewith.  If the seller is unable to obtain shipping facilities, seller shall promptly notify buyer of its 
inability to obtain shipping facilities and ship at the earliest opportunity.  Nonfat dry milk shall be 
loaded on truck and shipped as directed by the buyer. All other transportation charges shall be 
borne by the buyer. 
Buyer's Duties  
1.   The buyer shall, by 5:00 p.m. (Chicago time) on the day of tender, notify the Clearing House if the 
nonfat dry milk is to be inspected.   
2.   The buyer shall be responsible for arranging and providing transportation for the nonfat dry milk.  
The buyer shall deliver instructions for shipping and routing to final destination via the Clearing 
House’s online deliveries system by 12:00 noon (Chicago time) on the third business day after the 
day of sale.  If the buyer fails to deliver such instructions within the required time or if the buyer fails 
to pick up the nonfat dry milk at the specified date and time, the seller shall either store the nonfat 
dry milk and charge the buyer the generally accepted commercial monthly rate or ship the nonfat 
dry milk by truck or rail to the buyer at the buyer's main warehouse.  
3. 
The buyer’s clearing firm shall make payment by certified check or wire transfer of same day funds 
to the seller’s clearing firm in the amount due as shown by the seller’s tender notice by 3:00 p.m. 
(Chicago time) on the first business day after the day of invoice. 
Clearing House Responsibilities 
The Clearing House shall make available an invoice that specifies the date and price of sale.  The 
freight differential, if any, shall be credited to the buyer on the invoice.  
1204.D.  
Deviations and Allowances Weight 
The delivered carlot may vary between 41,000 and 45,000 pounds in net weight.  Payment shall be 
made on the basis of the exact net weight delivered. 
Delivery Points  
Delivery may be made only from approved plants or approved warehouses within the 48 contiguous 
states. Par delivery of nonfat dry milk shall be made from approved warehouses or approved plants in 
Chicago.  Deliveries made from approved warehouses or approved plants outside of Chicago shall be 
subject to a freight allowance determined by CME Spot Market as follows: up to 400 miles outside 
Chicago with a discount of $.0125 per pound; between 400 and 800 miles outside Chicago with a 
discount of $.025 per pound; between 800 and 1200 miles outside of Chicago with a discount of $.0325 
per pound; between 1200 and 1600 miles outside Chicago with a discount of $.040 per pound; and 
beyond 1600 miles outside Chicago with a discount of $.055 per pound.  The allowance shall be 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 23 of 44 
calculated on the net weight delivered.    
1204.E.  
Packaging 
The nonfat dry milk shall be packaged in multiwall paper bags of 25 kilogram net capacity.  The bag 
shall be constructed of a minimum of 3 walls of flat or extensible kraft paper and a minimum 2.0 mil 
(guaranteed) low density polyethylene food grade liner.  The total basis weight of the walls of paper 
shall be a minimum of 160 pounds when flat kraft or extensible paper is used.  All bags shall show the 
name and location of the manufacturing plant or a USDA plant number, the manufacturer's lot and 
sublot number, net weight, the date of manufacture, and the grade. 
The closure for the bag shall meet one of the two following descriptions: 
1. 
The bottom and top closures of the bag shall be closed by sewing through all walls of the outer bag 
with 12/6 needle and 12/5 cotton looper thread, or a comparable strength or with a single thread chain 
stitch with a 12/6 thread. The stitches shall be spaced 3.0 to 3.6 to the inch and not less than 3/8 inch 
and  
not more than 3/4 inch from the top and bottom ends of the bag.  The stitches along the bottom and 
top  of the bag shall be covered with not less than 70-pound basis weight flat extensible or low stretch 
creped kraft tape. 
2. 
The bottom and top of the bag shall be closed to provide a tight seal using hot-melt or 
thermoplastic adhesive applied along the top edge of the long side of the bag extending downward at 
least 1-3/8 inches.  The fold line of the closure shall be 1-5/8 inches plus or minus 3/8 inch below the 
top edge of the long side of the bag.  The outer wall of the bag shall be stepped at the bottom and top 
foldover flap beyond all inner walls in order to provide a positive seal over the ends of the inner walls. 
1204.F. 
Inspection 
Buyer or seller may demand inspection of nonfat dry milk for grade before it is shipped.  Such 
inspection shall be made prior to shipment at seller's facilities or at a warehouse near the seller’s 
facilities and cost to be borne by the party requesting the grade.  Such inspection shall be made by an 
independent lab and the results of such inspection shall be final and binding to both parties. 
If an inspection is requested the following deadlines shall apply. 
1. 
Buyer shall pay 90% of the amount invoiced within one (1) business day after the day of invoice, 
and the balance when inspection is complete. 
2.  Buyer or seller shall enter the grading results into the Clearing House’s online deliveries system 
within one business day of grading issuance. 
If the buyer inspects and accepts the nonfat dry milk or if he waives inspection, he cannot thereafter 
dispute the grade of the nonfat dry milk delivered to him. 
Any nonfat dry milk in dispute shall be properly stored by the Person having possession. 
1204.G. 
Delivery Procedures 
The buyer must pick up the nonfat dry milk no later than 6 business days after the date of sale, unless 
an inspection is called for by the buyer or seller, in which case, the buyer will receive an additional 16 
calendar days for pick up. 
For loads that receive a failing grade, the following will take place: 
1. 
Nonfat dry milk failing to meet the requirements will be replaced with nonfat dry milk meeting the 
 
requirements as stated in these Rules. 
2. 
A seller will have a replacement load available for pick up 3 business days after issuance of the 
 
inspection certificate. 
3. 
The buyer shall submit shipping and routing instruction by 12:00 p.m. (Chicago Time) within one (1) 
business day of receipt of a replacement load or a passing grading result. 
4. 
A buyer will pick up the replacement load 3 business days after the load is made available from the 
 
seller. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 24 of 44 
5. 
Documentation of replacement and pick up will be sent to the Clearing House within two business 
 
days after pick up. 
Any claim regarding performance by the buyer or seller of the Rules of this Section shall be reporting to 
the Clearing House within Ten (10) calendar days of delivery. 
The Market Regulation Department has the authority to perform audits of all market participants.   
Proper Handling by the Seller 
If an inspection is requested at buyer's location, the seller shall be responsible for loading according to 
industry practice.  The bill of lading shall be prepared by the seller.  The seller and the driver shall jointly 
seal the truck promptly upon completion of loading.  The buyer may, at his option, request check 
loading by the USDA at origin. 
Proper Handling by the Buyer 
If an inspection is requested at buyer's location, the buyer shall be accountable for proper handling 
during transit and storage until the conclusion of the grading at the buyer's location and appeal grading, 
if any.  Upon arrival at the buyer's location, the buyer and the driver shall jointly unseal the truck.  The 
seller may, at his option, request check loading by the USDA at the buyer's location. 
Appeal Grading 
Following an inspection at the buyer's location, the buyer shall enter the grading results into the 
Clearing House’s online deliveries system within one (1) business day of grading issuance. A request 
may then be made by the seller for an appeal inspection.  Requests for such appeal must be presented 
to the Clearing House no later than 11:00 a.m. (Chicago time), one business day after notification to the 
seller of the results of the inspection at the buyer's location. 
Appeal inspections shall be conducted by an independent lab.  Applications for appeal inspections will 
be accepted or rejected in accordance with industry regulations and the results of the appeal inspection 
shall be final. 
Revocation of Plant Approval 
If upon valid inspection at the buyer's location according to these Rules, portions of three or more 
carlots which have been shipped directly from the same manufacturing plant fail to meet the contract 
requirements within a single 12 month period, then the delivery approval of the plant may be revoked.  
Any nonfat dry milk originating in such plant after the date of such revocation and put into storage shall 
also be ineligible for delivery on the spot call. 
1204.H. 
Associated Costs 
Delivery from Warehouse  
The seller shall assume storage charges until 5:00 p.m. on the fifth business day after the day of tender. 
If an inspection is requested, and it indicates that the product is not equal to or better than the 
requirements specified by the terms of sale, the seller shall be responsible for storage charges until the 
seller or buyer provides the Clearing House with a certificate of analysis indicating that the product is 
equal to or better than the requirements specified by the terms of sale.  At that point, the buyer shall be 
responsible for storage charges for the remainder of the storage month.  The buyer's share shall be 
computed by dividing the prevailing monthly storage rate by 30, raising the quotient to the nearest five 
cents and multiplying by the number of days remaining until the next expiration date (all months figured 
as 30 days).  Storage charges shall be paid in advance by the seller and the pro rata share due from 
the buyer shall be added to and shown on the tender notice.  All charges for handling prior to the day 
that the seller or buyer provides the Clearing House with a certificate of analysis indicating that the 
product is equal to or better than the requirements specified by the terms of sale shall be borne by the 
seller.  All charges incurred thereafter shall be borne by the buyer. 
Delivery from Plant 
If the buyer does not remove the nonfat dry milk from the plant of the seller on or before 3:00 p.m. local 
time on the fifth business day after the day of tender, the buyer shall be obligated to pay $.005 per 
pound for each subsequent calendar day, up to and including the day the nonfat dry milk is removed.  
The seller must, within two business days after removal of the nonfat dry milk, invoice such amounts to 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 25 of 44 
the buyer and send a copy of such invoice to CME Spot Market.  The buyer shall make payment to the 
seller.   
Only the original manufacturing plant can deliver the carlot from its plant.  If that carlot is to be resold on 
CME Spot Market it must be moved to an approved warehouse before it can be sold.   
Costs of Grading and Appeal Grading 
The costs of all examinations, documentation and related services performed by independent labs for 
inspection at the buyer's or seller’s location and appeal grading, if any, and the costs of CME Spot 
Market documentation and related services, such as repackaging after examination, shall be borne by 
the buyer if the requirements for each sublot specified by the terms of sale is upheld, and by the seller if 
it is not. 
Container and Pallet Charges 
Nonfat Dry Milk must be loaded on pallets for shipping.  Buyer must make payments at $12.50 per 
pallet.   
1204.I. 
Settlement of Disputes 
All disputes arising from the operation of this Section shall be arbitrated under the provisions of the 
Rules of CME Spot Market. 
1204.J. 
CME Spot Market Fees  
A fee of $25.00 per carlot shall be paid to CME Spot Market by both the buyer and the seller. 
1204.K. 
Failure to Perform 
If the seller fails to deliver at the required time, he shall be in default, except that the Chief Regulatory 
Officer or his designee may extend the time to deliver for good cause shown, an additional three hours.  
In the event a seller defaults, he shall be penalized $.10 per pound plus the advance, if any, from the 
purchase price to the full market price on the day of tender.  The Chief Regulatory Officer or his 
designee, at its sole discretion, shall determine such market price by taking account of bona fide sales 
and quotations on such date including any purchase by the buyer to replace the defaulted delivery. 
If the buyer fails to accept delivery, he shall be penalized $.10 per pound plus the decline, if any, from 
the purchase price to the full market price on the day of tender, as determined by the Chief Regulatory 
Officer or his designee in the above stated manner.  Payment shall be made as above. 
With the exception of Force Majeure, any failure to meet the deadlines set forth within this Section will 
subject one or both parties to a penalty of $500 per contract, per calendar day payable to CME Spot 
Market at the close of each day.  Repeated failure may result in suspension of trading privileges or 
expulsion for one or both parties. 
Sellers or Buyers who submit late, materially incomplete or erroneous delivery information or who cause 
material adjustments to delivery information shall be fined $200 per contract per day, payable to the 
buyer or seller depending on the party that is harmed. 
1205. 
SPOT CALL BUTTER 
1205.A. 
Commodity Specifications 
Definitions  
1. 
The "spot call" is the procedure for trading and delivering cash butter as more fully set forth in this 
chapter.    
2. 
“Butter means salted butter that conforms to the definition of butter contained in 21 U.S.C. ∫ 321a, 
is made entirely from sweet cream, and, if graded by USDA, would be certified Grade AA Butter. All 
butter shall be certified Kosher by a Rabbinical Service that provides Kosher classification. 
3. 
A "carlot" consists of between 40,000 and 43,000 pounds, net weight, of salted butter in not more 
than four churn lots, produced by a single plant.  The butter must be uniform in color and salt.  The 
butter must be manufactured on or before the date of sale. All butter sold on CME Spot Market 
shall have been produced in facilities that at the time of production have been surveyed and 
approved by the Grading Service of the USDA and are on the eligible list of that Service or on the 
U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Public Health Service, Food and Drug 
Administration IMS List, Sanitation Compliance and Enforcement Ratings of Interstate Milk 
Shippers. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 26 of 44 
4. 
“Certificate of Analysis” means a legible document, endorsed by a lab technician and/or quality 
manager, certifying the following with respect to the butter being offered for sale: (a) the warehouse 
or plant location; (b) the storage lot, and if applicable, release number; (c) the number of boxes in 
each churn, total number of boxes in the warehouse lot and the marked weight; (d) the date in 
storage and storage type; (e) that the butterfat content of the butter is equal to or greater than 
eighty (80) percent by weight of milkfat; (f) that the moisture content is less than or equal to 
eighteen (18) percent by weight; (g) that the salt content is not less than 1.2 percent nor more than 
two (2) percent by weight; (h) that the standard plate count is less than five thousand (5,000) per 
gram; (i) that coliforms are less than 10 per gram; and that the yeast and mold count is less than 
twenty (20) per gram.  
5.   "Fresh Butter" shall be butter that, on the day of sale, has been in cooler rooms or freezer rooms of 
approved plants for 15 calendar days or less, or cold storage warehouses for 24 calendar days or 
less from date of manufacture of the earliest churning in the carlot at temperatures not to exceed 
45 degrees Fahrenheit.  
6. 
"Storage Butter" shall be butter that, on the day of sale, has been in cold storage or an approved 
plant 25 calendar days or longer from the date of manufacture of the earliest churning in the carlot 
at temperatures not to exceed 45 degrees Fahrenheit.  Commencing on the 30th calendar day after 
the date of manufacture of the earliest churning in the carlot, the butter shall be held at 
temperatures not to exceed 0 degrees Fahrenheit.  Storage butter may not be delivered if the day 
of sale is later than the 10th business day of the 12th month after the month of manufacture of the 
earliest churning in the carlot.  Effective March 1, 2001, to be eligible for sale on or after March 1 of 
a given year, the butter shall not have been produced or stored prior to December 1 of the previous 
year.  
7.  The “day of sale” is the day on which trading on the spot call is conducted.  
8.  The “day of tender” is the first business day after the day of sale.  
9. 
The “day of invoice” is the second business day after the day of sale.  
10.   The “day of delivery” is the fourth business day after the day of sale. 
1205.B.  
Spot Call 
Trading Schedule 
Contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and days as determined by 
CME Spot Market. 
Price Fluctuations  
The minimum price fluctuation shall be $.0025 per pound. 
The first posted bid (offer) of each trading session shall not be more than $.01 higher (lower) than the 
last market price noted for the previous session. Subsequent bids (offers) that would establish or 
change the market price for the current session, or any responses to posted offers (bids) higher (lower) 
than the last market price, shall be made in price increments not to exceed $.01 per pound from the last 
market price. 
Posting Bids and Offerings  
A spot load can only be sold in CME Spot Market when, at the time of offering, the seller has 
documented possession/ownership of a deliverable load. 
Quantities Bid and Offered  
An offer to sell or bid to buy more than one carlot may be accepted in part or in full. 
Contract Modifications 
All deliveries must conform to government regulations in force at time of delivery.  If any federal 
governmental agency issues an order, ruling, directive or law that conflicts with the requirements of 
these Rules, such order, ruling, directive or law shall be construed to take precedence and become part 
of these Rules. 
1205.C. 
Settlement Procedures 
Seller's Duties  
1. 
The seller shall provide details about the butter, i.e. Certificate of Analysis, to the Clearing House 
by 3:00 p.m. (Chicago time) on the day of tender. 
2. 
The seller shall make the butter available for shipment on the day of sale. 
3. 
The seller shall, by 3:00 p.m. (Chicago time) on the day of tender deliver to the Clearing House the 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 27 of 44 
 
following:  
Any other documentation required by the Spot Call Market. 
4. 
A keeping quality test shall not be necessary for delivery on the spot call.  However, the seller of a 
carlot of Fresh Butter warrants that, should a 7–day 72 degree Fahrenheit keeping quality test be 
completed by the USDA within 14 calendar days of day of tender, the tendered carlot would pass 
such test.  Failure to pass such test, if conducted within the prescribed period, shall result in 
replacement of the failed churnings by the seller and compensation to the buyer for expenses and 
losses, according to normal industry practices.  If the seller elects to have USDA conduct such test 
the results shall be final and binding on both the Buyer and the Seller.  
Buyer's Duties  
1. 
The buyer shall, by 5:00 p.m. (Chicago time) on the day of tender, notify the Clearing House if the 
butter is to be inspected.  
2. 
The buyer shall be responsible for arranging and providing transportation for the butter. 
3. 
The buyer's clearing firm shall make payment by certified check or wire transfer of same day funds 
to the seller's clearing firm in the amount due as shown by the seller's tender notice by 3:00 p.m. 
(Chicago time) on the first business day after the day of invoice.   
Clearing House Responsibilities  
The Clearing House shall make available an invoice that specifies the date and price of sale. The freight 
differential or discount, if any, shall be credited to the buyer on the invoice.  
1205.D. 
Deviations and Allowances 
Discounts for Frozen and for Storage Butter  
If the carlot tendered is fresh butter located in a freezer room, it shall be discounted $.005 per pound.  If 
the carlot tendered is storage butter located in a cooler room, it shall be discounted $.005 per pound.  If 
the carlot tendered is storage butter located in a freezer room, it shall be discounted $.01 per pound. 
Discount for In-Plant Delivery  
If the carlot tendered is located in a plant, it shall be discounted $.03 per pound. 
Weight  
The delivered carlot may vary between 40,000 and 43,000 pounds in net weight.  Payment shall be 
made on the basis of the exact weight delivered. 
Delivery Points  
Delivery may be made only from approved locations in the contiguous 48 states. 
Par delivery of butter shall be made from approved warehouses or approved plants in Chicago.  
Deliveries made from approved warehouses or approved plants outside of Chicago shall be subject to a 
freight allowance determined by the  CME Spot Market as follows: up to 400 miles outside Chicago with 
a discount of $.0125 per pound; between 400 and 800 miles outside Chicago with a discount of $.025 
per pound; between 800 and 1200 miles outside Chicago with a discount of $.0325 per pound; between 
1200 and 1600 miles outside Chicago with a discount of $.040 per pound; and beyond 1600 miles 
outside Chicago with a discount of $.055 per pound.  The allowance shall be figured on the net weight 
delivered plus a two pound per box tare. 
1205.E. 
Packaging  
Butter shall be packaged to conform to the packaging specifications of the Commodity Credit 
Corporation for bulk butter in force on the date of manufacture, as contained in "Announcement DAIRY-
7, Purchase of Bulk Dairy Products", as amended, or in such other document or announcement as may 
supersede this publication.  In addition, each carlot shall contain only one type and marked weight of 
box 25 kilograms or 68 pounds net capacity; all the boxes in a churning shall be consecutively 
numbered; the butter in each box shall be one solid piece and no bulging or misshapen boxes shall be 
permitted. 
1205.F. 
Inspection 
Buyer may require that seller obtain an inspection for grade of the butter before it is shipped. Such 
inspection for grade shall occur prior to shipment at seller’s facilities or at a warehouse near the seller’s 
facilities. Inspection for grade shall include completion of keeping quality test, and may be performed 
either by a USDA grader or by an independent laboratory chosen or agreed to by the buyer. The results 
of such grading shall be final and binding on both parties.  
If buyer requires that the butter be inspected for grade, the following deadlines shall apply: 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 28 of 44 
1. 
Buyer shall pay 90% of the amount invoiced one (1) business day after the day of invoice, and the 
balance when inspection is complete.  
2. 
Seller shall contact USDA grading service or the independent laboratory within one (1) business 
day of buyer’s demand and shall arrange for the inspection for grade. Seller shall notify buyer and 
Clearing House of the date on which the inspection for grading is scheduled to occur.  
3. 
If the butter fails inspection for grade: 
a. 
Seller shall make a replacement load available for pick-up not later than three (3) business 
days after USDA or independent laboratory discloses the results of the inspection for 
grade. Seller shall enter the grading result into the Clearing House’s online delivery’s 
system within one business day of grading issuance. 
b. 
Buyer shall pick up the replacement load not later than three (3) business days after the 
load is made available by the seller; and  
c. 
Buyer shall send documentation of replacement and pick-up to the Clearing House within 
two (2) business days after pick-up.  
The costs of all inspections, documentation and related services performed by USDA grading services 
or by the independent laboratory, the costs of CME Spot market documentation, and the costs of any 
related services, such as repackaging after inspection, shall be borne by the buyer if USDA certifies the 
butter Grade AA, or if the independent laboratory certifies that the butter meets the standards in seller’s 
Certificate of Analysis; or by the seller, if USDA or inspection service, whichever has been chosen, does 
not certify.   
If the buyer inspects and accepts the butter or waives inspection, the buyer cannot therefore dispute the 
grade of the butter delivered.  
Any butter in dispute shall be properly stored by the person having possession.   
A USDA grading certificate shall not be valid for delivery if the butter has been moved from the location 
indicated on the certificate. The USDA grading certificate shall indicate state(s) of manufacture.  Sample 
containers shall be drawn randomly in conformance with DA Instruction 918 00 of the Dairy Division, 
Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS), USDA, or in such other document or announcement as may 
supersede this publication.   
1205.G. 
Delivery Procedures 
The buyer shall have the right to call for one grading of the carlot at the buyer's destination, either by a 
USDA grader or by an independent laboratory. The buyer shall within one (1) business day, request 
USDA or independent laboratory to conduct the grading at the buyer's destination and notify the seller.  
Grading at destination shall be completed within 16 calendar days of the day of tender, including 
completion of a keeping quality test. 
Failure of any churning to meet all the requirements of this Section shall result in replacement of the 
failed churnings by the seller and compensation to the buyer for expenses, or reimbursement to the 
buyer of the entire contract price 
Any claim regarding performance by the buyer or seller of the Rules of this Section shall be reporting to 
the Clearing House within Ten (10) calendar days of delivery. 
Proper Handling by the Seller 
The seller shall be responsible for loading according to industry practice.  The bill of lading shall be 
prepared by the seller and shall provide instructions regarding trailer precooling and temperature 
maintenance during transit.  In addition, the bill of lading shall state the time of completion of loading 
and shall be signed by the seller and the driver, with the seller retaining one copy and the driver three 
copies.  The seller and the driver shall jointly seal the truck promptly upon completion of loading.  The 
buyer may, at his option, request check loading by the USDA at origin. 
Proper Handling by the Buyer 
The buyer shall be accountable for proper handling during transit and storage until the conclusion of the 
grading at destination and appeal grading, if any. 
In particular, the truck shall be a properly refrigerated vehicle and shall be cooled prior to loading to a 
temperature not to exceed 45 degrees Fahrenheit if the butter is fresh and to a temperature not to 
exceed 0 degrees Fahrenheit if the butter is frozen. 
The bill of lading shall state that the truck was properly pre-cooled and that the applicable temperature 
was maintained throughout transit.  Transit time between origin and destination, as evidenced by ICC 
logs, shall be normal for the weather and other conditions prevailing.  Upon arrival at destination, the 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 29 of 44 
buyer and the driver shall jointly unseal the truck.  The seller may, at his option, request check loading 
by the USDA at destination. 
The driver's copies of the bill of lading shall be endorsed by both the driver and the buyer upon arrival 
stating the time of arrival at destination, the time unloading commenced and the time unloading was 
completed.  The buyer shall indicate the condition of the butter upon arrival at destination on the bill of 
lading and the driver shall indicate the place of unloading (i.e.  dock, cooler or freezer).  The buyer shall 
keep one copy, the driver one copy and one copy shall be sent by the buyer to the Clearing House. 
The buyer shall be able to produce evidence in the form of affidavits that unloading into proper 
refrigerated storage with temperatures prevailing as above was prompt and according to normal 
industry practice.  The buyer shall be able to produce evidence in the form of affidavits that storage 
thereafter until completion of grading at destination and appeal grading, if any, was within applicable 
temperatures as above and in all other ways conformed to normal industry practice. 
Failure by the buyer to meet the conditions of Rule 1205.G shall result in forfeiture of the right to 
compensation for expenses and losses. 
Appeal Grading 
Following grading at destination, the buyer shall enter the grading results into the Clearing House’s 
online deliveries system within one business day of grading issuance. A request may then be made by 
the seller for appeal grading.  Requests for such appeal must be presented to the Clearing House no 
later than 11:00 a.m. Chicago time, one business day after notification to the seller of the results of the 
grading at destination. 
Appeal grading shall be conducted by a grader(s) assigned by the Regional Director of Dairy Inspection 
and Grading, AMS, USDA.  Applications for appeal grading will be accepted or rejected in accordance 
with AMS regulations.  The results of the appeal grading shall be final. 
Revocation of Plant Approval 
If upon valid grading at destination according to these Rules, portions of three or more carlots from the 
same manufacturing plant grade lower than USDA Grade AA within a single 12 month period, then the 
delivery approval of the plant may be revoked.  Any butter originating in such plant after the date of 
such revocation and put into storage shall also be ineligible for delivery on the spot call.  
1205.H. 
Associated Costs 
Delivery from Warehouse  
The seller shall assume storage charges until 5:00 p.m. on the third business day after the date of 
tender.  The buyer shall be responsible for charges for the remainder of the storage month.  The buyer's 
share shall be computed by dividing the prevailing monthly storage rate by 30, raising the quotient to 
the nearest five cents and multiplying by the number of days remaining until the next expiration date (all 
months figured as 30 days).  Storage charges shall be paid in advance by the seller and the pro rata 
share due from the buyer shall be added to and shown on the tender notice.  All charges for handling 
prior to the date of tender shall be borne by the seller.  All charges incurred thereafter shall be borne by 
the buyer. 
Delivery from Plant  
If the buyer does not remove the butter from the plant of the seller on or before 3:00 p.m. local time on 
the third business day after the day of tender, the buyer shall be obligated to pay $.005 per pound for 
each calendar day subsequent thereto, up to and including the day the butter is removed.  The seller 
must within two business days after removal of the butter invoice such amounts to the buyer and send a 
copy of such invoice to CME Spot Market.  The buyer shall make payment through CME Spot Market. 
The original manufacturing plant can only deliver the carlot from its plant.  If that carlot is to be resold on 
CME Spot Market it must be moved to an approved warehouse before it can be sold. 
Costs of Grading and Appeal Grading 
The costs of all examinations, documentation and related services performed by the USDA grader for 
grading at destination and appeal grading, if any, and the costs of CME Spot Market documentation and 
related services, such as repackaging after examination, shall be borne by the buyer if the original 
grade for each churning is upheld, and by the seller if it is not. 
1205.I. 
Settlement of Disputes 
All disputes arising from the operation of this shall be arbitrated under the provisions of CME Spot 
Market. 
The Market Regulation Department has the authority to perform audits of all market participants.   


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 30 of 44 
1205.J. 
CME Spot Market Fees  
A fee of $25.00 per carlot shall be paid to CME Spot Market by both the buyer and the seller. 
1205.K. 
Failure to Perform  
If the seller fails to deliver at the required time, he shall be in default, except that CME Spot Market 
Chief Regulatory Officer or his designee may extend the time to deliver for good cause shown, an 
additional three hours.  In the event a seller defaults, he shall be penalized $.10 per pound plus the 
advance, if any, from the purchase price to the full market price on the day of tender.  The Chief 
Regulatory Officer or his designee, at its sole discretion, shall determine such market price by taking 
account of bona fide sales and quotations on such date including any purchase by the buyer to replace 
the defaulted delivery. 
If the buyer fails to accept delivery, he shall be penalized $.10 per pound plus the decline, if any, from 
the purchase price to the full market price on the day of tender, as determined by the Chief Regulatory 
Officer or his designee in the above stated manner.  Payment shall be made as above. 
With the exception of Force Majeure, any failure to meet the deadlines set forth within this Section will 
subject one or both parties to a penalty of $500 per contract, per calendar day payable to the CME Spot 
Market at the close of each day. Repeated failure may result in suspension of trading privileges or 
expulsion for one or both parties. 
Sellers or Buyers who submit late, materially incomplete or erroneous delivery information or who cause 
material adjustments to delivery information shall be fined $200 per contract per day, payable to the 
buyer or seller depending on the party that is harmed. 
1206. 
SPOT CALL CHEESE 
1206.A. 
Commodity Specifications 
Definitions 
1. 
The "spot call" is the procedure for trading and delivering cash cheese as more fully set forth in this 
Rule. 
2. 
A "carload" consists of between 40,000 and 44,000 pounds, gross weight. 
3. 
The "day of sale" is the day on which trading on the spot call is conducted. 
Varieties  
The following "Varieties" of cheese, as defined in the standards of identity established by the Food & 
Drug Administration in Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Part 133 (21 CFR 133), as amended from 
time to time, may be traded on the spot call: 
Cheddar cheese 
Cheddar cheese for manufacturing 
Granular cheese 
Granular cheese for manufacturing 
Styles 
Trading in the several varieties shall be limited to the following "styles": 
Variety  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Style 
Cheddar cheese  
 
 
 
 
 
40# blocks 
(Manufactured from pasteurized milk only.) 
Cheddar cheese, cheddar cheese for manufacturing,   
Barrels 
granular cheese, granular cheese for manufacturing 
Grades 
Cheese in 40# block style shall meet the requirements of Wisconsin State Brand, USDA Grade A or 
better. 
Cheese in barrel style shall meet the requirements of Wisconsin State Brand, USDA Extra Grade or 
better. 
Age  
Unless a bid or offer specifies otherwise, on date of sale cheese shall be not less than four days or 
more than one month (30 calendar days) of age. 
Moisture Content 
Moisture content for cheese in 40# block style shall not be less than 36.5%. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 31 of 44 
Color 
Cheese in barrels shall be white.  Cheese in 40# block style shall be colored and shall fall within the 
color range of 6-8 on the NCI color chart. 
Marking 
All cheese sold on CME Spot Market shall show upon each package the shipper's lot number, net 
weight, vat number, and date and shall not contain upon the cheese and package any brand or printed 
information except such information as is required by this Rule and by law. 
Approved Factories 
All cheese sold on CME Spot Market shall have been produced in factories which at the time of 
production have been surveyed and approved by the Grading Service of the USDA and are on the 
eligible list of that Service. 
1206.B. 
Spot Call  
Trading Schedule 
Contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and days as determined by 
CME Spot Market. 
Price Fluctuations 
All bids and offers shall be at a stated price per pound.  Fractions of a cent shall be stated in multiples 
of a quarter of a cent.  The minimum price fluctuation shall be $.0025 per pound. 
The first posted bid (offer) of each trading session shall not be more than $.01 higher (lower) than the 
last market price noted for the previous session.  Subsequent bids (offers) that would establish or 
change the market price for the current session, or any responses to posted offers (bids) higher (lower) 
than the last market price, shall be made in price increments not to exceed $.01 per pound from the last 
market price. 
Posting Bids and Offerings  
A spot load can only be sold on CME Spot Market when, at the time of offering, the seller has 
documented possession/ownership of a deliverable load. 
Quantities Bid and Offered 
An offer to sell or bid to buy more than one carload may be accepted in part or in full. 
Restriction on Bids and Offers 
No principal shall enter a bid (offer) for cheese of the same variety, style, grade and age at the same 
price that is currently being offered (bid) by that principal. 
Contract Modifications 
All deliveries must conform to government regulations in force at time of delivery.  If any federal 
governmental agency issues an order, ruling, directive or law that conflicts with the requirements of 
these Rules, such order, ruling, directive or law shall be construed to take precedence and become part 
of these Rules. 
1206.C. 
Settlement Procedures  
Seller's Duties  
1. 
The seller shall, by 3:00 p.m. (Chicago time) on the day of sale submit to the Clearing House the 
identity of the seller.  
2. 
The seller shall provide details about the cheese, to the Clearing House by 12:00 noon (Chicago 
time) on the business day after the date of sale. 
3. 
The seller shall, by 3:00 p.m. (Chicago time) on the business day after the day of sale, notify the 
Clearing House if the cheese is to be graded. 
4. 
Upon receipt of buyer's instructions, seller shall immediately make shipment in accordance 
therewith.  If the seller is unable to obtain shipping facilities, seller shall promptly notify buyer of its 
inability to obtain shipping facilities and ship at the earliest opportunity.  Cheese shall be loaded on 
truck and shipped as directed by the buyer.  All other transportation charges shall be borne by the 
buyer.   
5. 
Proof of delivery (i.e. bill of lading or warehouse form showing ownership transfer) shall accompany 
the invoice and seller shall submit copies of the documents to the Clearing House no later than 5 
business days after the buyer receives the product. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 32 of 44 
Buyer's Duties  
1. 
The buyer shall, by 3:00 p.m. (Chicago time) on the day of sale, submit to the Clearing House the 
identity of the buyer.  
2. 
The buyer shall, by 3:00 p.m. (Chicago time) on the business day after the day of sale, notify the 
Clearing House if the cheese is to be graded. 
3. 
The buyer shall be responsible for arranging and providing transportation for the cheese.  The 
buyer shall deliver instructions for shipping and routing to final destination via the Clearing Houses 
online deliveries system by 12:00 noon (Chicago time) on the third business day after the day of 
sale.  If the buyer fails to deliver such instructions within the required time or if the buyer fails to 
pick up the cheese at the specified date and time, the seller shall either store the cheese and 
charge the buyer the generally accepted commercial monthly rate or ship the cheese by truck or 
rail to the buyer at the buyer's main warehouse.  
4. 
The buyer shall pay for the cheese within 3 business days after the date of the invoice covering the 
cheese.   
Clearing House Responsibilities 
The Clearing House shall make available an invoice that specifies the date and price of sale, adjusted 
for moisture content when applicable. The freight differential, if any, shall be credited to the buyer on the 
invoice. 
1206.D. 
Deviations And Allowances 
Adjustment for Moisture Content  
Adjustments in price for moisture content shall be made for carloads of cheese in barrel style in 
accordance with this Rule.  Cheese in the 40# block style shall not be subject to price adjustment for 
moisture content.  No cheese exceeding 37.7% moisture content shall be invoiced on the moisture 
basis. 
Where applicable, the price adjustment for moisture content shall be invoiced according to the following 
Rules: 
The price specified on the board, which shall be known as the stated price, shall be adjusted for 
moisture content in accordance with the moisture price adjustment tables as provided by CME Spot 
Market. 
In adjusting the stated price for moisture content the measured moisture shall be rounded to the nearest 
one-half percent.  For example, if the measured moisture is 36.2 percent, it shall be considered to be 36 
percent moisture, while if the measured moisture is 36.3 percent, it shall be rounded to 36.5 percent 
moisture. 
The seller of cheese on the moisture basis shall furnish the buyer and to CME Spot Market, a manifest 
showing for each vat the seller's lot number, date and vat number, number of boxes, weight, moisture 
test, price per pound and extension in dollars and cents. 
Weight 
The delivered carload may vary between 40,000 and 44,000 pounds in gross weight.  Payment shall be 
made on the basis of the exact net weight delivered, with cheese delivered in steel barrels receiving a 
3-cent per pound discount. 
Delivery Points  
Cheese may be delivered at any point within the continental United States.  Cheese delivered from 
points more than 300 miles from Green Bay, Wisconsin, shall be subject to a freight differential.  The 
freight differential shall be deducted from the gross weight and shall be the amount by which the cost of 
shipment from the shipping point to Green Bay, Wisconsin, exceeds the cost of shipment for 300 miles.  
To comply with this Rule, distance from the shipping point to Green Bay shall be arrived at by reference 
to the current issue of the Household Goods Carriers' Bureau Mileage Guide.  The cost of shipment 
shall be determined by reference to a table provided from time to time by CME Spot Market based on 
reasonable competitive rates per mile for minimum load of 44,000 pounds gross weight.   In no event 
shall the deduction for the freight differentials exceed the actual cost of shipment as noticed by the 
buyer's shipping and routing instructions.  The freight differential to be deducted is the lower of the 
Green Bay delivery point or the actual mileage exclusive of the first 300 miles to the noticed delivery 
point.  See the notes at the end of this chapter for tables used in determining freight differentials and for 
examples of calculations. 
1206.E. 
Packaging  


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 33 of 44 
All containers used in the packaging of cheese sold on CME Spot Market shall meet the requirements 
of all applicable Federal and State laws and the applicable requirements of the Consolidated Freight 
Classification, sometimes known as the Uniform Freight Classification, and of the National Motor Freight 
Classification. 
Cheese shall be packed according to the following specifications: 
1. 
40# Block 
Cheese in 40# block style shall be wrapped in a sealed film resulting in an airtight package and shall be 
packed in corrugated or solid fiberboard containers with a reinforcing inner liner or sleeve. 
2. 
Steel Barrels 
The barrel shall be an airtight 16 gauge steel, straight side, universal style drum with full open 
removable head and bolt locking ring closure.  It shall be 55 gallon capacity with inside dimensions of 
22 ½" diameter by 33 ½" depth. 
The closing ring shall be 12 gauge steel, type 17-H, either dipped or sprayed with aluminum enamel, 
with forged lugs—one flanged and the other drilled and threaded to accommodate a 5/8" National 
Coarse, zinc or cadmium plated bolt. 
The barrel cover or head shall have 2" I.P.S. Reike zinc plated fitting with rubber plug gasket (No. GK-
43-W supplied by Reike Metal Products Co., Auburn, Indiana), or equivalent. 
The barrel cover gasket shall be white, odorless, tasteless, non-toxic, fat resistant rubber.  Gasket 
dimensions shall be 3/8" outside diameter, 1/8" inside diameter, approximately 70" long, vulcanized 
endless, 75 to 80 durometer on "A" scale.  It shall be free of extrusion marks or ridges. 
Barrels shall be lined with not less than .0015" thick polyethylene bag liner not less than 36" wide by 62" 
long. 
3. 
Barrels Other than Steel  
Barrel cheese in containers other than steel shall meet the specifications of USDA as set forth in 
“Announcement DAIRY-7, Purchase of Bulk Dairy Products”, as amended from time to time or as such 
specifications are modified as follows: 
A. Fiber barrels 
(1) Sidewalls shall consist of Kraft liner board or equivalent which has been convolutely or spirally 
wound using sodium silicate adhesive or equivalent, shall be constructed with a minimum of 
six plies and have a thickness of not less than .07 inches.  Bursting strength of the sidewall 
shall be a minimum of 600 lbs. PSI. 
(2) Inside dimensions of the sidewalls shall measure between 22½" and 23½" in diameter with a 
height of between 33" and 35". 
(3) Sidewalls may be manufactured with one open end to use one cover or two open ends which 
require two covers. 
(4) Top and bottom covers shall be manufactured of Kraft liner board with a minimum of six plies 
glued together with the same adhesive as sidewalls.  Bursting strength of the covers shall be a 
minimum of 800 lbs. PSI. 
(5) Covers shall be coated, waxed or laminated for protection from the effects of free whey. 
(6) Top and bottom covers shall be secured to the sidewall body with ½" to 3/4" wide flat steel 
strapping with a minimum breaking strength of 300 lbs.  Strapping shall be applied straight and 
sufficiently taut to embed into the edges of the barrel, but not to the extent of cutting, tearing or 
damaging the barrel. 
(7) Fiber barrels which are pallet loaded shall be strapped together, 4 barrels per pallet.  The steel 
banding shall have a minimum breaking strength of 1,400 lbs. and be applied straight around 
the 4 barrels 8" to 10" from the top. 
B. Corrugated Fiberboard Barrels 
Body construction may be comprised of one or two parts.  The shape may be round, hexagonal or 
octagonal.  The covers may be an integral folding part of the barrel body or may be a separate part of 
the barrel. 
(1) Two Body Parts 
Barrels which are comprised of two body parts (body and inner sleeve or tube) shall meet the 
following minimum specifications: 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 34 of 44 
a. 
The outer body may consist of a single wall corrugated fiberboard 180 lb. natural Kraft B 
flute with a minimum bursting strength of 350 lbs. PSI.  The body joint shall be overlapped 
a minimum of 3 inches and glued. 
b. 
The inner corrugated fiberboard tube shall be made of double wall 106 lb. natural Kraft, A-
B or B-C flute with a minimum bursting strength of 350 PSI.  This liner shall be the same 
height as the body of the barrel. 
c. 
Top and bottom cover material shall meet the minimum standards for body construction.  
The covers shall be coated, waxed or laminated to protect them from the effects of free 
whey.  Covers shall be designed with an interlocking feature of cover to barrel body.  Both 
covers shall be secured to the barrel body with steel strapping. 
d. 
When the sidewall body does not contain a minimum of three strands of sesame tape or 
equivalent reinforcing as an integral part of the body, then those barrels shall have two 
straps of steel banding around the body.  This strapping shall be sufficiently taut, applied 
straight and equally spaced for added body strength. 
e. 
Steel strapping shall be ½" or larger with a minimum breaking strength of 300 lbs. 
f. 
Maximum overhang on a standard 40 X 48 pallet shall be four inches.  Pallet loaded 
barrels shall be banded together as required by subparagraph 3A of this Rule. 
g. 
Barrel liners shall be USDA approved as outlined in "Announcement DAIRY-7, Purchase 
of Bulk Dairy Products as amended from time to time." 
(2) Single Body 
Barrels which are comprised of one body part shall meet the following minimum specifications: 
a. 
Double wall corrugated material which has B, AB or BC flutes.  Minimum bursting strength 
shall be 500 PSI. 
b. 
Barrels with folding covers but without an interlocking feature shall be taped closed with a 
wide waterproof tape of adequate strength to hold the closure securely. 
c. 
Covers which are a separate part of the barrel shall comply with subparagraph 3B(1)c. 
d. 
Barrels manufactured without sesame tape or equivalent body reinforcement shall be 
body banded as in B(1) above. 
e. 
Maximum overhang on a standard 40 X 48 pallet shall be 3 inches.  Pallet loaded barrels 
shall be banded together as required by subparagraph 3A of this Rule. 
f. 
Barrel liners shall be USDA approved as outlined in "Announcement DAIRY-7, Purchase 
of Bulk Dairy Products as amended from time to time.” 
C. Performance Criteria for Fiber and Corrugated Fiberboard Barrels: 
(1) Barrels shall be clean and dry.  They may contain stains from free whey providing the area has 
dried out and has not damaged the barrel. 
(2) Barrels may not be split, torn or contain any holes except for the sampling hole. 
(3) Barrels shall maintain their original shape, however, hexagonal and octagonal barrels may 
show slight rounding of the body. 
(4) Barrels must withstand a minimum stacking height of 3 pallet loads without distorting or 
damaging the bottom barrels. 
(5) The maximum head space on all types of barrels shall be 1 ½ inches. 
(6) Whenever in these Rules a bursting strength is specified, it shall refer to the Mullen test. 
Any claim that cheese containers do not meet the above stated performance criteria must be made 
within thirty calendar days of delivery to buyer and any dispute shall be reported to CME Spot Market 
and settled by arbitration by a Member Panel as set forth in Rule 1202.A. which may, in addition to 
other sanctions permitted by these Rules, require seller to replace barrels not meeting said performance 
criteria and/or compensate buyer for any damages buyer has sustained by virtue of the barrels not 
meeting performance criteria. 
1206.F. 
Inspection  
Buyer or seller may demand inspection of cheese for grade and weight before it is shipped.  Such 
inspection shall be made prior to shipment at seller's facilities or at a warehouse near the seller’s 
facilities and cost to be borne by the party requesting the grade.  Such inspection shall be made by an 
independent third party grader such as a Wisconsin State Grader or a U.S. Government Grader.  The 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 35 of 44 
results of such inspection, grading or weighing shall be final and binding to both parties. 
If an inspection is requested the following deadlines shall apply. 
1.  Buyer shall pay 90% of the amount invoiced within 3 business days after the day of invoice, and the 
 
balance when grading is complete. 
2.  If the cheese delivered fails to meet specifications as stated in these Rules a claim shall be made in 
 
writing to the seller with a copy delivered to the Clearing House within two business days of grading 
 
issuance. 
If the buyer inspects and accepts the cheese or if he waives inspection, he cannot thereafter dispute the 
grade or weight of the cheese delivered to him. 
Any cheese in dispute shall be properly stored by the Person having possession. 
1206.G. 
Delivery Procedures 
The buyer must pick up the cheese no later than 6 business days after the date of sale, unless an 
inspection is call for by the buyer or seller. In which case, the buyer will receive additional calendar days 
for pick up depending on the age of cheese on the day of sale. 
1 
Seven (7) additional calendar days for cheese between ten and thirty days old. 
3. 
Ten (10) additional calendar days for cheese between four and nine days old. 
For loads that receive a failing grade, the following will take place: 
4. 
A seller will have a replacement load available for pick up 3 business days after issuance. 
5. 
       A buyer will pick up the replacement load 3 business days after the load is made available 
from the seller. 
6. 
Cheese failing to meet grade will be replaced with cheese meeting the requirements as 
stated in these Rules or should be of like requirements of the original load.  
7. 
Documentation of replacement and pick up sent to the Clearing House within two 
business days. 
8. 
Any claim regarding performance by the buyer or seller of the Rules of this Section shall 
be reported to the Clearing House within Ten (10) calendar days of delivery. 
The Market Regulation Department has the authority to perform audits of all market participants.   
1206.H. 
Associated Costs 
Container and Pallet Charges  
Seller shall invoice and buyer shall deposit with seller the sum of $34.00 per steel barrel plus the 
amount of any sales or other tax which would be imposed in the event of a forfeiture of said deposit.  If 
he notifies seller at or prior to delivery, the buyer may, within 60 calendar days of receipt thereof, return 
to seller on a freight prepaid basis, identical barrels or barrels of like specification and in approximately 
the same condition.  All returned barrels must have been cleaned, and washed and waxed.  Seller shall, 
upon receipt of such barrels, refund to buyer the amount deposited with seller plus any excess freight 
charge.  The excess freight charge shall be the amount by which the actual return freight on empty 
barrels exceeds the freight cost from buyer's shipping point to Green Bay, Wisconsin. 
Failure of buyer to return containers within the time and in the condition called for in this Rule shall be 
reported to CME Spot Market and settled by arbitration by a Member Panel as set forth in Rule 1202.A. 
which may assess damages in favor of seller for double the value of the containers. 
Seller shall invoice and buyer shall pay to the seller the sum of $5 per barrel for cheese in containers 
other than steel. 
Cheese in block style must be loaded on pallets for shipping.  Seller must note whether barrel style 
cheese is floor or pallet loaded.  Buyer must arrange for full exchange of pallets or make payment at $7 
per pallet. 
1206.I. 
Settlement of Disputes  
All disputes arising from the operation of this Section, except for disputes noted under Rule 1206.F., 
shall be arbitrated under the provisions of the Rules of CME Spot Market Inc. 
1206.J. 
CME Spot Market Fees  
A fee of $25 per carlot shall be paid to CME Spot Market by both the buyer and the seller. 
1206.K. 
Failure to Perform  


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 36 of 44 
If the seller fails to deliver at the required time, he shall be in default, except that the Chief Regulatory 
Officer or his designee may extend the time to deliver for good cause shown, an additional three hours.  
In the event a seller defaults, he shall be penalized $.10 per pound plus the advance, if any, from the 
purchase price to the full market price on the day of tender.  The Chief Regulatory Officer or his 
designee, at its sole discretion, shall determine such market price by taking account of bona fide sales 
and quotations on such date including any purchase by the buyer to replace the defaulted delivery. 
If the buyer fails to accept delivery, he shall be penalized $.10 per pound plus the decline, if any, from 
the purchase price to the full market price on the day of tender, as determined by the Chief Regulatory 
Officer or his designee] in the above stated manner.  Payment shall be made as above. 
With the exception of Force Majeure, any failure to meet the deadlines set forth within this Section will 
subject one or both parties to a penalty of $500 per contract, per calendar day payable to CME Spot 
Market at the close of each day. Repeated failure may result in suspension of trading privileges or 
expulsion for one or both parties. 
Sellers or Buyers who submit late, materially incomplete or erroneous delivery information or who cause 
material adjustments to delivery information shall be fined $200 per contract per day, payable to the 
buyer or seller depending on the party that is harmed. 
 
INTERPRETATIONS AND SPECIAL NOTICES 
RELATING TO RULE 1206 
INTERPRETATION TO RULE 1206.D. ADJUSTMENT FOR MOISTURE CONTENT 
The method used in computing the moisture price adjustment tables noted in Rule 1206.D.. is as 
follows: 
1. 
Legal cheddar cheese may contain 39% moisture; therefore, 61% of solids.  A cheese containing 
37% moisture would have 63% solids, etc. 
2. 
Price to be paid for 37% cheese on a "dry basis" where market level is 52.75 cents for 39% 
moisture would be figured: multiply solids (100 less 37 equals 63) by market price (52.75) and 
divide by 61 (100 less 39). 
This gives the price per pound of 37% cheese as compared to 39% cheese at the 52.75 cent 
market level (54.48 cents) 
3. 
For 35% cheese on basis of 52.75 cents for 39% cheese: 65 times 52.75 divided by 61 equals 
56.21 cents. 
INTERPRETATION TO RULE 1206.D. DELIVERY POINTS 
Table for use in determining freight differential to be deducted from the sale price pursuant to Rule 
1206.D.: 
     Miles from 
Deduction per 
   delivery point  
hundredweight on 
to Green Bay, WI gross weight of invoice 
300–319 
 
$.03 
320–339 
  
 .07 
340–359 
  
 .11 
360–379 
  
 .15 
380–399 
  
 .20 
400–419 
  
 .24 
420–439 
   
.29 
440–459 
   
.34 
460–479 
  
 .40 
480–499 
  
 .45 
500–519 
  
 .50 
520–539 
  
 .55 
540–559 
  
 .61 
560–579 
 
  .66 
580–599 
  
 .71 
600–619 
  
 .76 
620–639 
 
  .82 
640–659 
 
  .87 
660–679 
 
  .92 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 37 of 44 
680–699 
  
 .97 
700–729 
 
1.03 
730–759 
 
1.10 
760–789 
 
1.17 
790–819 
 
1.25 
820–849 
 
 
1.34 
850–879 
 
 
1.42 
880–909 
 
 
1.50 
910–939 
 
 
1.57 
940–969 
 
 
1.64 
970–999 
 
 
1.73 
1000–1029  
 
1.80 
1030–1059  
 
1.88 
1060–1089  
 
1.94 
1090–1119  
 
2.02 
1120–1159  
 
2.10 
1160–1199  
 
2.18 
1200–1239  
 
2.26 
1240–1279  
 
2.36 
1280–1319  
 
2.45 
1320–1359  
 
2.54 
1360–1399  
 
2.62 
1400–1439  
 
2.72 
1440–1479  
 
2.82 
1480–1519  
 
2.90 
1520–1559  
 
3.00 
1560–1599  
 
3.09 
1600–1649  
 
3.18 
1650–1699  
 
3.28 
1700–1749  
 
3.39 
1750–1799  
 
3.50 
1800–1849  
 
3.62 
1850–1899  
 
3.72 
1900–1949  
 
3.83 
1950–1999  
 
3.93 
2000–2049  
 
4.05 
2050–2099  
 
4.16 
2100–2149  
 
4.27 
2150–2199  
 
4.38 
2200–2249  
 
4.49 
2250–2299  
 
4.60 
2300–2349  
 
4.71 
2350–2399  
 
4.82 
2400–2449  
 
4.93 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 38 of 44 
Examples of calculations for freight differentials: 
 
 
 
Example 1 
Example 2 
Example 3 
Example 4 
Example 5 
A. 
Seller location 
Eau Claire, WI 
Twin Falls, 
ID 
Dallas, TX 
Fresno, CA 
Mankato, 
MN 
B. 
Seller mileage to 
Green Bay 
194 
1,586 
1,095 
2,218 
343 
C. 
Seller deduction 
per cwt. gross wt. 
vs. Green Bay 
$0.00 
$3.09 
$2.02 
$4.49 
$0.11 
D. 
Buyer location 
Milwaukee, 
WI 
Ogden, UT 
Springfield, 
MO 
Mankato, 
MN 
East 
Atlantic 
City, NJ 
E. 
Buyer mileage to 
Seller 
234 
184 
421 
1,895 
1,230 
F. 
Seller deduction 
per cwt. gross wt. 
vs. buyer 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$0.29 
$3.72 
$2.26 
G. 
Net Seller 
deduction per cwt. 
(lesser of C. or F.) 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$0.29 
$3.72 
$0.11 
 
Example 1: 
The seller to buyer mileage (E) is greater than the seller to Green Bay mileage (B).  Both 
are less than 300 miles.  The seller pays $0 freight differential. 
Example 2: 
The seller to buyer mileage (E) is less than the seller to Green Bay mileage (B).  The 
seller to buyer mileage is also less than 300 miles.  The seller pays $0 freight differential. 
Example 3: 
The seller to buyer mileage (E) is less than the seller to Green Bay mileage (B). Both are 
greater than 300 miles.  The seller to buyer mileage applies.  The seller pays $0.29 
freight differential. 
Example 4: 
The seller to buyer mileage (E) is less than the seller to Green Bay mileage (B).  Both are 
greater than 300 miles.  The seller to buyer mileage applies.  The seller pays $3.72 
freight differential. 
Example 5: 
The seller to buyer mileage (E) is greater than the seller to Green Bay mileage (B).  Both 
are greater than 300 miles.  The seller to Green Bay mileage applies.  The seller pays 
$.11 freight  differential. 
1207. 
SPOT CALL DRY WHEY 
1207.A. Commodity Specifications  
The dry whey is the product resulting from drying fresh whey which has been pasteurized and to which 
nothing has been added as a preservative. It shall conform to the applicable provisions of 21 CFR 
184.1979. On the day of sale, the dry whey shall be less than 120 days old. All dry whey shall be 
certified Kosher by a Rabbinical Service that provides Kosher classification. The methods of analysis 
shall be those specified by the USDA.  
All dry whey sold on the CME Spot Market shall have been produced in facilities that at the time of 
production have been surveyed and approved by one or more of the following:  The Grading Service of 
the USDA and are on the eligible list of that Service or on the U.S. Department of Health and Human 
Services, Public Health Service, Food and Drug Administration IMS List, Sanitation Compliance and 
Enforcement Ratings of Interstate Milk Shippers, or on the appropriate state agency inspection list. 
Definitions  
1. 
The "spot call" is the procedure for trading and delivering dry whey as more fully set forth in 
this Rule.  
2. 
The "day of sale" is the day on which trading on the spot call is conducted. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 39 of 44 
3. 
The “day of tender’ is the first business day after the day of sale.  
4. 
The “day of invoice” is the second business day after the day of sale 
5. 
The “day of delivery” is the sixth business day after the day of sale.  
6. 
A "carlot" consists of between 41,000 and 45,000 pounds, net weight, of dry whey, which must 
be manufactured on or before the day of sale. No carlot shall consist of more than 3 sublots 
and each carlot shall be manufactured by a single plant.  
7. 
“Certificate of Analysis” means a legible document, endorsed by a lab technician and/or quality 
manager, certifying the following with respect to the U.S. Extra Grade Dry Whey being offered 
for sale: (a) the warehouse or plant location; (b) the storage lot, and if applicable, release 
number; (c) the number of bags in each sublot and total number of bags in the lot and the 
marked weight; (d) the date in storage and storage type; (e) that the U.S. Extra Grade shall 
have a milkfat content of no more than 1.50%; (f) a moisture content of not more than 5.0%; 
(g) its bacterial estimate of not more 30,000 per gram standard plate count; (h) its coliform 
count of less than 10 per gram; (i) its scorched particles content shall be not more than 15.0 
gram; and its titratable acidity shall not be more than 15.0 mg.  
 
1207.B. Spot Call  
Trading Schedule  
Contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and days as may be 
determined by CME Spot Market. 
Price Fluctuations  
The minimum price fluctuation shall be $0.0025 per pound. The first posted bid (offer) of each trading 
session shall not be more than $0.01 higher (lower) than the last market price noted for the previous 
session. Subsequent bids (offers) that would establish or change the market price for the current 
session, or any responses to posted offers (bids) higher (lower) than the last market price, shall be 
made in price increments not to exceed $0.01 per pound from the last market price.  
Posting Bids and Offerings  
A spot load can only be sold on CME Spot Market when, at the time of offering, the seller has 
documented possession/ownership of a deliverable load.  
Quantities Bid and Offered  
An offer to sell or bid to buy more than one carlot may be accepted in part or in full. 
Contract Modifications  
All deliveries must conform to government regulations in force at time of delivery. If any federal 
governmental agency issues an order, ruling, directive or law that conflicts with the requirements of 
these Rules, such order, ruling, directive or law shall be construed to take precedence and become part 
of these Rules.  
1207.C. Settlement Procedures  
Seller's Duties  
1. 
The seller shall provide details about the dry whey i.e. Certificate of Analysis, to the Clearing House 
and Buyer, by 3:00 p.m. (Chicago time) on the day of tender. 
2. 
The seller shall, by 3:00 p.m. (Chicago Time) on the day of tender deliver to the Clearing House the 
following: 
 
 Any other documentation required by CME Spot Market.  
3. 
Upon receipt of buyer's instructions, seller shall immediately make shipment in accordance 
therewith. If the seller is unable to obtain shipping facilities, seller shall promptly notify buyer of its 
inability to obtain shipping facilities and ship at the earliest opportunity. Dry whey shall be loaded on 
truck and shipped as directed by the buyer. All other transportation charges shall be borne by the 
buyer.  
Buyer's Duties  
1. 
The buyer shall, by 5:00 p.m. (Chicago time) on the day of tender, notify the Clearing House if the 
dry whey is to be inspected.  
2. 
The buyer shall be responsible for arranging and providing transportation for the dry whey. The 
buyer shall deliver instructions for shipping and routing to final destination via the Clearing House’s 
online deliveries system by 12:00 noon (Chicago time) on the second business day after the day of 
sale. If the buyer fails to deliver such instructions within the required time or if the buyer fails to pick up 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 40 of 44 
the dry whey at the specified date and time, the seller shall either store the dry whey and charge the 
buyer the generally accepted commercial monthly rate or ship the dry whey by truck or rail to the buyer 
at the buyer's main warehouse.  
3. 
The buyer’s clearing firm shall make payment by certified check or wire transfer of same day funds 
to the seller’s clearing firm in the amount due as shown by the seller’s tender notice by 3:00 p.m. 
(Chicago time) on the first business day after the day of invoice. 
Clearing House Responsibilities  
The Clearing House shall make available an invoice that specifies the date and price of sale. The freight 
differential, if any, shall be credited to the buyer on the invoice.  
1207.D. Deviations and Allowances   
The delivered carlot may vary between 41,000 and 45,000 pounds in net weight. Payment shall be 
made on the basis of the exact net weight delivered.  
Delivery Points  
Delivery may be made only from approved plants or approved warehouses within the 48 contiguous 
states. Par delivery of dry whey shall be made from approved warehouses or approved plants in 
Chicago. Deliveries made from approved warehouses or approved plants outside of Chicago shall be 
subject to a freight allowance determined by CME Spot Market as follows: up to 400 miles outside 
Chicago with a discount of $0.0125 per pound; between 400 and 800 miles outside Chicago with a 
discount of $0.025 per pound; between 800 and 1200 miles outside of Chicago with a discount of 
$0.0325 per pound; between 1200 and 1600 miles outside Chicago with a discount of $0.040 per 
pound; and beyond 1600 miles outside Chicago with a discount of $0.055 per pound. The allowance 
shall be calculated on the net weight delivered.  
1207.E. Packaging  
The dry whey shall be packaged in multiwall paper bags of either 25-kilogram or 50-pound net capacity. 
The bag shall be constructed of a minimum of 3 walls of flat or extensible kraft paper and a minimum 
2.0 mil (guaranteed) low-density polyethylene food grade liner. The total basis weight of the walls of 
paper shall be a minimum of 160 pounds when flat kraft or extensible paper is used. All bags shall show 
the name and location of the manufacturing plant or a USDA plant number, the manufacturer's lot and 
sublot number, net weight, the date of manufacture, and the grade.  
The closure for the bag shall meet one of the two following descriptions:  
1. 
The bottom and top closures of the bag shall be closed by sewing through all walls of the outer bag 
with 12/6 needle and 12/5 cotton looper thread, or a comparable strength or with a single thread chain 
stitch with a 12/6 thread. The stitches shall be spaced 3.0 to 3.6 to the inch and not less than 3/8 inch 
and not more than 3/4 inch from the top and bottom ends of the bag. The stitches along the bottom and 
top of the bag shall be covered with not less than 70-pound basis weight flat extensible or low stretch 
creped kraft tape.  
2. 
The bottom and top of the bag shall be closed to provide a tight seal using hot-melt or 
thermoplastic adhesive applied along the top edge of the long side of the bag extending downward at 
least 1-3/8 inches. The fold line of the closure shall be 1-5/8 inches plus or minus 3/8 inch below the top 
edge of the long side of the bag. The outer wall of the bag shall be stepped at the bottom and top 
foldover flap beyond all inner walls in order to provide a positive seal over the ends of the inner walls.  
1207.F. Inspection  
Buyer or seller may demand inspection of dry whey for grade before it is shipped. Such inspection shall 
be made prior to shipment at seller's facilities or at a warehouse near the seller’s facilities and cost to be 
borne by the party requesting the grade. Such inspection shall be made by an independent lab and the 
results of such inspection shall be final and binding to both parties. 
If an inspection is requested the following deadlines shall apply.  
1. 
Buyer shall pay 90% of the amount invoiced one (1) business day after the day of invoice, and the 
balance when inspection is complete.  
2. 
Buyer or seller shall enter the grading results into the Clearing House’s online deliveries system 
within one business day of grading issuance. 
3. 
If the buyer inspects and accepts the dry whey or if he waives inspection, he cannot thereafter 
dispute the grade of the dry whey delivered to him.  
Any dry whey in dispute shall be properly stored by the person having possession.  
1207.G. Delivery Procedures  


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 41 of 44 
The buyer must pick up the dry whey no later than 6 business days after the date of sale, unless an 
inspection is called for by the buyer or seller, in which case, the buyer will receive an additional 16 
calendar days for pick up.  
For loads that receive a failing grade, the following will take place:  
1. 
Dry whey failing to meet the requirements will be replaced with dry whey meeting the requirements 
as stated in these Rules.  
2. 
A seller will have a replacement load available for pick up 3 business days after issuance of the 
inspection certificate.  
3. 
The buyer shall submit shipping and routing instruction by 12:00 p.m. (Chicago Time) within one (1) 
business day of receipt of a replacement load or a passing grading result. 
4. 
A buyer will pick up the replacement load 3 business days after the load is made available from the 
seller.  
5. 
Documentation of replacement and pick up will be sent to the Clearing House within two business 
days after pick up.  
Any claim regarding performance by the buyer or seller of the Rules of this Section shall be reported to 
the Clearing House within Ten (10) calendar days of delivery.  
The Market Regulation Department has the authority to perform audits of all market participants. 
Proper Handling by the Seller  
If an inspection is requested at buyer's location, the seller shall be responsible for loading according to 
industry practice. The bill of lading shall be prepared by the seller. The seller and the driver shall jointly 
seal the truck promptly upon completion of loading. The buyer may, at his option, request check loading 
by the USDA at origin.  
Proper Handling by the Buyer  
If an inspection is requested at buyer's location, the buyer shall be accountable for proper handling 
during transit and storage until the conclusion of the grading at the buyer's location and appeal grading, 
if any. Upon arrival at the buyer's location, the buyer and the driver shall jointly unseal the truck. The 
seller may, at his option, request check loading by the USDA at the buyer's location.  
Appeal Grading  
Following an inspection at the buyer's location, the buyer shall enter the grading results into the 
Clearing House’s online deliveries system within one (1) business day of grading issuance. A request 
may then be made by the seller for an appeal inspection. Requests for such appeal must be presented 
to the Clearing House no later than 11:00 a.m. (Chicago time), one business day after notification to the 
seller of the results of the inspection at the buyer's location. Appeal inspections shall be conducted by 
an independent lab. Applications for appeal inspections will be accepted or rejected in accordance with 
industry regulations and the results of the appeal inspection shall be final.  
Revocation of Plant Approval  
If upon valid inspection at the buyer's location according to these Rules, portions of three or more 
carlots which have been shipped directly from the same manufacturing plant fail to meet the contract 
requirements within a single 12- month period, then the delivery approval of the plant may be revoked. 
Any dry whey originating in such plant after the date of such revocation and put into storage shall also 
be ineligible for delivery on the spot call.  
1207.H. Associated Costs  
Delivery from Warehouse  
The seller shall assume storage charges until 5:00 p.m. on the fifth business day after the day of tender. 
If an inspection is requested, and it indicates that the product is not equal to or better than the 
requirements specified by the terms of sale, the seller shall be responsible for storage charges until the 
seller or buyer provides the Clearing House with a certificate of analysis indicating that the product is 
equal to or better than the requirements specified by the terms of sale. At that point, the buyer shall be 
responsible for storage charges for the remainder of the storage month. The buyer's share shall be 
computed by dividing the prevailing monthly storage rate by 30, raising the quotient to the nearest five 
cents and multiplying by the number of days remaining until the next expiration date (all months figured 
as 30 days). Storage charges shall be paid in advance by the seller and the pro rata share due from the 
buyer shall be added to and shown on the tender notice. All charges for handling prior to the day that 
the seller or buyer provides the Clearing House with a certificate of analysis indicating that the product 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 42 of 44 
is equal to or better than the requirements specified by the terms of sale shall be borne by the seller. All 
charges incurred thereafter shall be borne by the buyer.  
Delivery from Plant  
If the buyer does not remove the dry whey from the plant of the seller on or before 3:00 p.m. local time 
on the fifth business day after the day of tender, the buyer shall be obligated to pay $0.005 per pound 
for each subsequent calendar day, up to and including the day the dry whey is removed. The seller 
must, within two business days after removal of the dry whey, invoice such amounts to the buyer and 
send a copy of such invoice to CME Spot Market. The buyer shall make payment to the seller. 
Only the original manufacturing plant can deliver the carlot from its plant. If that carlot is to be resold on 
CME Spot Market it must be moved to an approved warehouse before it can be sold. 
Costs of Grading and Appeal Grading  
The costs of all examinations, documentation and related services performed by independent labs for 
inspection at the buyer's or seller’s location and appeal grading, if any, and the costs of CME Spot 
Market documentation and related services, such as repackaging after examination, shall be borne by 
the buyer if the requirements for each sublot specified by the terms of sale is upheld, and by the seller if 
it is not. 
Container and Pallet Charges  
Dry whey must be loaded on pallets for shipping. Buyer must make payments at $12.50 per pallet.  
1207.I. Settlement of Disputes  
All disputes arising from the operation of this Section shall be arbitrated under the provisions of the 
Rules of CME Spot Market.  
1207.J. CME Spot Market Fees  
A fee of $25.00 per carlot shall be paid to CME Spot Market by both the buyer and the seller.  
1207.K. Failure to Perform  
If the seller fails to deliver at the required time, he shall be in default, except that the Chief Regulatory 
Officer or his designee may extend the time to deliver for good cause shown, an additional three hours. 
In the event a seller defaults, he shall be penalized $0.10 per pound plus the advance, if any, from the 
purchase price to the full market price on the day of tender. The Chief Regulatory Officer or his 
designee, at its sole discretion, shall determine such market price by taking account of bona fide sales 
and quotations on such date including any purchase by the buyer to replace the defaulted delivery.  
If the buyer fails to accept delivery, he shall be penalized $0.10 per pound plus the decline, if any, from 
the purchase price to the full market price on the day of tender, as determined by the Chief Regulatory 
Officer or his designee in the above stated manner. Payment shall be made as above.  
With the exception of Force Majeure, any failure to meet the deadlines set forth within this Section will 
subject one or both parties to a penalty of $500 per contract, per calendar day payable to CME Spot 
Market at the close of each day. Repeated failure may result in suspension of trading privileges or 
expulsion for one or both parties.  
Sellers or Buyers who submit late, materially incomplete or erroneous delivery information or who cause 
material adjustments to delivery information shall be fined $200 per contract per day, payable to the 
buyer or seller depending on the party that is harmed. 
1208. 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 
A. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED BELOW, CHICAGO MERCANTILE EXCHANGE INC, INCLUDING 
THE CME SPOT MARKET (THE “EXCHANGE”), THE BOARD OF TRADE OF THE CITY OF 
CHICAGO, INC. (“CBOT”), NEW YORK MERCANTILE EXCHANGE, INC. (“NYMEX”) 
(INCLUDING EACH OF THEIR RESPECTIVE SHAREHOLDERS) (INCLUDING EACH OF 
THEIR RESPECTIVE SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES), THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, 
DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, CONSULTANTS, LICENSORS, MEMBERS, AND 
CLEARING MEMBERS, SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO ANY PERSON FOR ANY LOSSES, 
DAMAGES, COSTS OR EXPENSES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF 
PROFITS, LOSS OF USE, AND DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR 
PUNITIVE DAMAGES), ARISING FROM: 
i. ANY 
FAILURE, 
MALFUNCTION, 
FAULT 
IN 
DELIVERY, 
DELAY, 
OMISSION, 
SUSPENSION, INACCURACY, INTERRUPTION, TERMINATION, OR ANY OTHER 
CAUSE, IN CONNECTION WITH THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OPERATION, 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 43 of 44 
MAINTENANCE, USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE ALL OR ANY PART OF ANY OF THE 
SYSTEMS AND SERVICES OF THE EXCHANGE OR SERVICES, EQUIPMENT OR 
FACILITIES USED TO SUPPORT SUCH SYSTEMS AND SERVICES, INCLUDING 
WITHOUT 
LIMITATION 
ELECTRONIC 
ORDER 
ENTRY/DELIVERY, 
TRADING 
THROUGH   ANY ELECTRONIC MEANS, ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATION OF 
MARKET DATA OR INFORMATION, WORKSTATIONS USED BY MEMBERS AND 
AUTHORIZED EMPLOYEES OF MEMBERS, PRICE REPORTING SYSTEMS AND ANY 
AND ALL TERMINALS, COMMUNICATIONS NETWORKS, CENTRAL COMPUTERS, 
SOFTWARE, HARDWARE, FIRMWARE AND PRINTERS RELATING THERETO; OR 
ii. ANY FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, FAULT IN DELIVERY, DELAY, OMISSION, 
 
SUSPENSION, INACCURACY, INTERRUPTION OR TERMINATION, OR ANY OTHER 
CAUSE, OF ANY SYSTEM OR SERVICE OF THE EXCHANGE OR SERVICES, 
EQUIPMENT OR FACILITIES USED TO SUPPORT SUCH SYSTEMS OR SERVICES, 
CAUSED BY ANY THIRD PARTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, 
INDEPENDENT SOFTWARE VENDORS AND NETWORK PROVIDERS; OR 
 
iii. ANY ERRORS OR INACCURACIES IN INFORMATION PROVIDED BY THE 
EXCHANGE OR ANY EXCHANGE SYSTEMS, SERVICES OR FACILITIES; OR 
iv. ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR UNAUTHORIZED USE OF ANY EXCHANGE 
SYSTEMS, SERVICES OR FACILITIES BY ANY PERSON. 
 
THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY WHETHER A CLAIM ARISES IN 
CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, CONTRIBUTION OR OTHERWISE AND 
WHETHER THE CLAIM IS BROUGHT DIRECTLY OR AS A THIRD PARTY CLAIM.   
   
A PARTY WHO HAS BEEN FINALLY ADJUDICATED TO HAVE ENGAGED IN WILLFUL OR 
WANTON MISCONDUCT MAY NOT AVAIL ITSELF OF THE PROTECTIONS IN THIS RULE. 
 
B. THERE ARE NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS 
 
(INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS 
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE) PROVIDED BY THE EXCHANGE, CBOT, OR 
NYMEX (INCLUDING THEIR RESPECTIVE SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES), THEIR 
RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, CONSULTANTS, AND 
LICENSORS RELATING TO ANY SYSTEMS OR SERVICES OF THE EXCHANGE OR 
SERVICES, EQUIPMENT OR FACILITIES USED TO SUPPORT SUCH SYSTEMS OR 
SERVICES INCLUDING THE CME DIRECT AUCTION PLATFORM. 
 
 
C. ANY DISPUTE ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF SYSTEMS OR SERVICES OF THE 
EXCHANGE OR SERVICES, EQUIPMENT OR FACILITIES USED TO SUPPORT SUCH 
SYSTEMS OR SERVICES IN WHICH THE EXCHANGE (INCLUDING ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
AND AFFILIATES), OR ANY OF ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, 
CONSULTANTS OR LICENSORS IS A PARTY SHALL BE ARBITRATED PURSUANT TO 
EXCHANGE RULES. ANY ARBITRATION SHALL BE BROUGHT WITHIN THE PERIOD 
PRESCRIBED BY EXCHANGE RULES.  ANY OTHER ACTIONS, SUITS OR PROCEEDINGS 
AGAINST ANY OF THE ABOVE MUST BE BROUGHT WITHIN TWO YEARS FROM THE 
TIME THAT A CAUSE OF ACTION HAS ACCRUED.  THIS PARAGRAPH C SHALL IN NO 
WAY BE CONSTRUED TO LIMIT A PARTY’S OBLIGATION TO ARBITRATE ITS CLAIM OR 
TO CREATE A CAUSE OF ACTION AND SHALL NOT AUTHORIZE AN ACTION THAT 
WOULD OTHERWISE BE PROHIBITED BY EXCHANGE RULES.  IF FOR ANY REASON, A 
COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION FINDS THAT SUCH DISPUTE IS NOT 
ARBITRABLE, SUCH DISPUTE MAY ONLY BE LITIGATED IN THE COUNTY OF COOK IN 
THE STATE OF ILLINOIS AND WILL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF 
ILLINOIS WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY PROVISIONS OF ILLINOIS LAW THAT WOULD 
APPLY THE SUBSTANTIVE LAW OF A DIFFERENT JURISDICTION. 
 
 
D. THE EXCHANGE, CBOT AND NYMEX MAY, IN THEIR SOLE DISCRETION, ASSUME 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 44 of 44 
RESPONSIBILITY FOR DIRECT, OUT-OF-POCKET LOSSES DIRECTLY CAUSED BY THE 
NEGLIGENCE OF GLOBAL COMMAND CENTER OR OTHER EXCHANGE STAFF AND/OR 
ORDER STATUS ERRORS PROVIDED BY THE GLOBAL COMMAND CENTER.  IF SUCH 
LIABILITY IS ACCEPTED, THE TOTAL AGGREGATE OBLIGATIONS FOR THE 
EXCHANGE, CBOT AND NYMEX SHALL NOT EXCEED $200,000 FOR ALL LOSSES 
SUFFERED FROM ALL CAUSES IN A SINGLE CALENDAR MONTH. ANY DISPUTED 
CLAIM MADE UNDER THIS RULE MUST BE ARBITRATED PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE 
RULES. 
 
 
E. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COLLECTIVE TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR THE 
EXCHANGE, CBOT AND NYMEX FOR ALL CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF ANY NEGLIGENCE, 
FAILURES, 
MALFUNCTIONS, 
FAULTS 
IN 
DELIVERY, 
DELAYS, 
OMISSIONS, 
SUSPENSIONS, 
INACCURACIES, 
INTERRUPTIONS, 
TERMINATIONS, 
ORDER 
STATUSING ERRORS OR ANY OTHER CAUSES IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OPERATION, MAINTENANCE, USE OF OR INABILITY TO 
USE ALL OR ANY PART OF ANY OF THE EXCHANGE’S SYSTEMS OR SERVICES, OR 
SERVICES, EQUIPMENT OR FACILITIES USED TO SUPPORT SUCH SYSTEMS AND 
SERVICES, OR THE NEGLIGENCE OF EXCHANGE STAFF, EXCEED $200,000 IN ANY 
CALENDAR MONTH. IF THE NUMBER OF ALLOWED CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF ANY 
FAILURES OR MALFUNCTIONS IN A SINGLE CALENDAR MONTH CANNOT BE FULLY 
SATISFIED BECAUSE OF THE MONTHLY LIABILITY LIMITATION, ALL SUCH CLAIMS 
SHALL BE LIMITED TO A PRO RATA SHARE OF THE MAXIMUM AMOUNT AVAILABLE 
FOR THAT MONTH. 
 
 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 1 of 6 
 
 
CME Chapter 13 
Spot FX Transactions 
 
 
1300. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
1301. 
SPOT FX TRANSACTION SPECIFICATIONS 
 
1302. 
DEFINITIONS 
 
1303. 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 
1304. 
[RESERVED] 
 
1305. 
PERMITTED USER 
 
1306. 
END-USERS AND DIRECT PARTICIPANTS 
 
1307. 
EXCHANGE 
 
1308. 
SETTLEMENTS 
 
1309. 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 
 
1310. 
ENFORCEMENT 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 2 of 6 
 
Chapter 13 
Spot FX Transactions 
 
1300. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
 
This Chapter sets forth Spot FX Transaction terms and conditions and enables their trading by Executing 
Counterparties solely through a spread trade functionality.  Spot FX Transactions are not regulated 
futures contracts.  Spot FX Transactions are foreign exchange transactions that, by their terms, are 
required to settle via actual delivery of the relevant currencies within two Business Days.  For all 
purposes in this Chapter, reference to “Executing Counterparties” shall mean End-Users and Direct 
Participants that are engaged in the execution of Spot FX Transactions on the Exchange utilizing the 
Spot FX Basis Spread Trade functionality. 
1301. 
SPOT FX TRANSACTION SPECIFICATIONS 
 
1301.A. 
Spot FX Transactions shall be based upon specified currency pairings as cataloged in the 
Appendix to this Chapter.  Spot FX Transactions shall be matched at the minimum price 
increments as specified in the Appendix to this Chapter. 
 
1301.B. 
Spot FX Transactions shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and on such days as 
may be determined by the Exchange. 
 
1301.C. 
Valid value dates shall be based upon specified currency pairings as cataloged in the Appendix 
to this Chapter.  In general, for any currency pair, a valid value date shall be any Business Day 
that is a banking Business Day in the countries of issue for both currencies. 
1302. 
DEFINITIONS  
“Applicable Law” means any and all applicable laws, rules, regulations, judgments, decrees, treaties, 
ordinances, orders and rulings, interpretations and statements of policy of any Governmental Authority or 
self-regulatory organization, authority, agency or body, in each case, which has jurisdiction or authority 
over a Permitted User or Executing Counterparty or each such institution’s operations. 
“Credit Limits” means the lines and conditions of credit for the trading of Spot FX Transactions (including, 
without limitation, the permissible currencies, tenor, net open settlement or position limits and any other 
relevant limits and parameters) that are established by and between counterparties to such transactions, 
and applied as Trading Limits as defined herein.  
“Direct Participant” means an institution that is authorized by the Primary FX Firm, in the form and manner 
prescribed by the Exchange, which authorization, at any time, has not been terminated or withdrawn by 
the Primary FX Firm, to engage in the trading of any specified Spot FX Transaction solely for the account 
and risk of such Direct Participant.  
“Direct Participant Trading Limits” means the Trading Limits that are allocated to a Direct Participant by a 
Primary FX Firm.  
“End-User” means with respect to a Permitted User, an institution that (a) is a prime brokerage client of 
such Permitted User, and (b) is authorized by such Permitted User, in the form and manner prescribed by 
the Exchange, which authorization, at any time, has not been terminated or withdrawn by the Permitted 
User, to enter into Spot FX Transactions on the Platform with a Primary FX Firm in the name and for the 
account and risk of such Permitted User.   
“End-User Trading Limits” means the Trading Limits that are allocated to an End-User by Permitted User.  
“Exchange” means Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. 
“FX Futures Contract” means a futures contract listed for trading on or subject to the rules of the Exchange 
that is designated as eligible to be executed through a Spot FX Basis Spread Trade.   
“General Conditions of Acceptance” means the following conditions that must be satisfied in order for a 
Spot FX Transaction, that comprises one leg of a Pair of Matched Transactions, to be binding among all 
parties to such Spot FX Transaction:  (a) the Spot FX Transaction is one leg of a Pair of Matched 
Transactions; (b) the Spot FX Transaction is established in compliance with all applicable Trading Limits;  
(c) the material terms of the Spot FX Transaction are communicated in accordance with Rule 1307.D.  of 
this Chapter; and (d) the Spot FX Transaction has not been (and is not, otherwise, required to be) cancelled 
by the Exchange under Rules 1307.E. and 1307.F. of this Chapter. 
“Globex Credit Controls” means an electronic system provided by the Exchange as part of the Platform 
that allows Primary FX Firm, Permitted Users, End-Users and Direct Participants to, as applicable, set and 
manage Trading Limits within the configured parameters defined by the Exchange.  


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 3 of 6 
 
“Off-Setting Transaction” means a Spot FX Transaction between a Permitted User and an End-User which 
is equal and opposite to a concurrently established Spot FX Transaction that comprises one leg of a Pair 
of Matched Transactions, where each transaction results from the End User’s trading of a Spot FX 
Transaction on the Platform in such Permitted User’s name. 
“Pair of Matched Transactions” means a pair of equal and opposite Spot FX Transactions where each such 
Spot FX Transaction is between a Primary FX Firm and either (a) a Permitted User or (b) a Direct 
Participant. 
“Permitted User” means any institution that is authorized by a Primary FX Firm, in the form and manner 
prescribed by the Exchange, which authorization, at any time, has not been terminated or withdrawn by 
the Primary FX Firm, to engage in the trading of any specified Spot FX Transactions with the Primary FX 
Firm on the Platform through an End-User of such Permitted User.  
“Permitted User Conditions of Acceptance” means the following conditions that must be satisfied in order 
for a Spot FX Transaction, that is an Off-Setting Transaction, to be binding among all parties to such Spot 
FX Transactions: (a) the Spot FX Transaction is an Off-Setting Transaction; (b) the Spot FX Transaction 
complies with all applicable Trading Limits; (c) the material terms of the Spot FX Transaction are 
communicated in accordance with Rule 1307.D. of this Chapter; and (d) such Spot FX Transaction has not 
been (and is not, otherwise, required to be) cancelled by the Exchange under Rules 1307.E. or 1307.F.  of 
this Chapter. 
“Permitted User Trading Limits” means the Trading Limits that are allocated to a Permitted User by a 
Primary FX Firm.  
“Platform” means CME Globex, an electronic trading platform.  
“Primary FX Firm” means an institution that contracts with CME as the provider of the Platform to provide 
a service whereby Permitted Users and Direct Participants may engage in Spot FX Transactions with the 
Primary FX Firm, as the intermediating counterparty for Pairs of Matched Transactions that comply with 
the General Conditions of Acceptance. 
“Spot FX Basis Spread Trade” means a spread trade functionality for combining the purchase or sale of a 
Spot FX Transaction with the simultaneous sale or purchase of an FX Futures Contract in the same 
currency pairs on the Platform. 
“Spot FX Transaction” means a currency purchase and sale that is bilaterally settled by the counterparties 
via an actual delivery of the relevant currencies within two Business Days. 
“Trading Limits” means the pre-execution Credit Limits set and managed via Globex Credit Controls that 
are applicable to any party to any Spot FX Transaction that is traded on the Platform. 
1303. 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 
1303.A. 
With respect to Spot FX Transactions, the Exchange is solely a provider of the Platform and 
the limited services and functions specified in the Rules of this Chapter. 
 
1303.B. 
Primary FX Firms, Permitted Users, End-Users and Direct Participants that qualify as 
“Eligible Contract Participants,” as such term is defined in the Commodity Exchange Act, and 
the Commodity Futures Trading Commission’s regulations thereunder, and only such 
institutions, may enter into Spot FX Transactions. 
 
1303.C. 
When the Platform matches a Spot FX Basis Spread Trade it simultaneously matches the 
spread trade’s (a) Spot FX Transaction leg and (b) the FX Futures Contract leg. 
 
1303.D. 
A Spot FX Transaction and an FX Futures Contract that are matched through a Spot FX 
Basis Spread Trade are separately executed transactions, subject to separate legal 
obligations.   
 
1303.E. 
A Spot FX Transaction is executed when it is matched by the Platform through a Spot FX 
Basis Spread Trade. 
 
1303.F. 
Each Spot FX Basis Trade will, in respect of its Spot FX Transaction leg, result in one Pair 
of Matched Transactions, and where applicable Off-Setting Transaction(s). 
 
1303.G. 
Spot FX Transactions are not regulated futures contracts and are not executed on or subject 
to the rules of the Exchange in its capacity as a Designated Contract Market. 
 
1303.H. 
Spot FX Transactions are governed exclusively by the rules of this Chapter, and the Rules 
in other Chapters of the Exchange’s Rulebook, unless otherwise specified in this Chapter, 
are inapplicable to Spot FX Transactions. 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 4 of 6 
 
 
1303.I. 
FX Futures Contracts matched through a Spot FX Basis Spread Trade are subject to all 
applicable Exchange Rules, inclusive of this Chapter, and the provisions of the Commodity 
Exchange Act and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission’s regulations thereunder.  
 
1303.J. 
Orders for Spot FX Basis Spread Trades can be solicited and accepted solely by persons 
that are registered, or exempt from registering, with the Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission. 
 
1303.K. 
Because Spot FX Transactions are executed on the Platform with FX Futures Contracts 
through Spot FX Basis Spread Trades, all actions taken by any Executing Counterparty (or 
eligible intermediary that is in compliance with Rule 1303.J. through which an Executing 
Counterparty executes on the Platform) during the execution of a Spot FX Transaction, 
including such party’s trading practices, are subject to all applicable Exchange Rules, 
inclusive of Chapters 4 (“Enforcement of Rules”), 5 (“Trading Qualifications and Practices”) 
and 6 (“Arbitration”) of the Exchange’s Rules, and the provisions of the Commodity Exchange 
Act and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission’s regulations thereunder. 
 
1303.L. 
Each Spot FX Transaction is a valid and legally binding obligation of, and shall be enforceable 
against, the counterparties to such transactions, provided that such Spot FX Transactions 
(a) with respect to a Pair of Matched Transactions, satisfy the General Conditions of 
Acceptance, and (b) with respect to an Off-Setting Transaction, satisfy the Permitted User 
Conditions of Acceptance.  
 
1303.M. 
Spot FX Transactions that are valid and legally binding pursuant to Rule 1303.L. of this 
Chapter shall remain valid and legally binding, irrespective of when a Primary FX Firm’s, 
Permitted User’s, End-User’s, or Direct Participant’s systems, as applicable, receive, accept, 
recognize or process the material terms of a Spot FX Transaction that is communicated by 
the Exchange in accordance with Rule 1307.D. of this Chapter. 
 
1303.N. 
In the event of any discrepancy between the Rules of this Chapter and the terms of a bilateral 
agreement for entering into Spot FX Transactions, the Rules of this Chapter shall control. 
1304. 
[RESERVED]  
1305. 
PERMITTED USER 
 
1305.A. 
A Permitted User shall be subject to and remain at all times in compliance with the Rules of 
this Chapter, to the extent such Rules are applicable to a Permitted User. 
 
1305.B. 
A Permitted User shall at all times have all permissions, authorizations and approvals 
required by Applicable Law to enter into Spot FX Transactions and to set and manage End-
User Trading Limits.  
1306. 
END-USERS AND DIRECT PARTICIPANTS 
 
1306.A. 
An End-User or Direct Participant shall be subject to and remain at all times in compliance 
with the Rules of this Chapter, to the extent such Rules are applicable to an End-User or 
Direct Participant. 
 
1306.B. 
An End-User or Direct Participant shall at all times have all permissions, authorizations and 
approvals required by Applicable Law to enter into Spot FX Transactions.  
1307. 
EXCHANGE 
 
1307.A. 
The Exchange shall, subject to its sole discretion, enable a functionality allowing for matching 
Spot FX Transactions on the Platform through Spot FX Basis Spread Trades. 
 
1307.B. 
The Exchange shall provide procedures and electronic systems for setting and managing 
Trading Limits in accordance with the Rules of this Chapter. 
 
1307.C. 
The Exchange shall apply and implement all Trading Limits that are set and managed in 
accordance with the Rules of this Chapter. 
 
1307.D. 
The Exchange shall report the material terms of a Spot FX Transaction to the Primary FX 
Firm and the applicable Permitted User, End-User and Direct Participant as soon as 
technologically practicable after the relevant Spot FX Transactions are matched by the 
Platform. 
 
1307.E. 
The Exchange reserves the right to adjust or cancel (bust) any Spot FX Transaction by 
applying the process and terms set forth in Exchange Rule 588 (Trade Cancellations and 
Price Adjustments), and shall, with respect to such Spot FX Transactions, also cancel the FX 
Futures Contract executed simultaneously with the relevant Spot FX Transaction through a 
Spot FX Basis Spread Trade. 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 5 of 6 
 
 
1307.F. 
The Exchange shall cancel (bust) (a) any Spot FX Transaction that would (i) result in the 
Primary FX Firm’s position as buyer (or seller) of an amount of currency under a Spot FX 
Transaction not being fully equal and opposite to the Primary FX Firm’s positions as seller 
(or buyer) of the same amount under a related Spot FX Transaction in the Pair of Matched 
Transactions, or (ii) fail to satisfy conditions (a) through (c) of the General Conditions of 
Acceptance or the Permitted User Conditions of Acceptance, and (b) the FX Futures Contract 
executed simultaneously with such Spot FX Transaction through a Spot FX Basis Spread 
Trade.   
1308. 
SETTLEMENTS 
 
1308.A. 
The Exchange is not a party to and does not in any way guarantee the performance of any 
Spot FX Transaction. 
 
1308.B. 
Other than with respect to any obligations assumed by Primary FX Firm as credit intermediary 
or as is otherwise specified by the Rules of this Chapter, Permitted Users, End-Users and 
Direct Participants, as applicable, are solely and completely responsible for any and all 
aspects of activities associated with Spot FX Transactions, including but not limited to (a) 
administering credit arrangements, (b) producing, maintaining and complying with post-
execution documentation, and (c) managing settlements in relation to the applicable value 
date prescribed by the Exchange. 
1309. 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY  
 
With respect to Permitted Users, End-Users and Direct Participants, the limitation of liability provisions in 
Rules 578, 579.B, and 588 of the Exchange’s Rulebook shall apply to all transactions and actions taken 
under this Chapter. 
1310. 
ENFORCEMENT 
 
With respect to Permitted Users, End-Users and Direct Participants, the Exchange shall enforce the Rules 
of this Chapter by applying the process and terms set forth in Chapter 4 (“Enforcement of Rules”) of the 
Exchange’s Rulebook. 
 
Appendix 
Spot FX Transaction Specifications 
 
Currency Pairing  
Value Date 
Minimum Price 
Increment * 
Spot Notional Per 
One Futures 
Contract 
AUD/USD 
T+2 
0.00001 (0.1 pip) 
USD/AUD 
100,000 AUD 
EUR/USD 
T+2 
0.000005 (0.05 pip) 
USD/EUR 
125,000 EUR 
GBP/USD 
T+2 
0.00001 (0.1 pip) 
USD/GBP 
62,500 GBP 
NZD/USD 
T+2 
0.00001 (0.1 pip) 
USD/NZD 
100,000 NZD 
USD/CAD 
T+1 
0.000001 (0.01 pip) 
USD/CAD 
100,000 CAD ** 
USD/CHF 
T+2 
0.000001 (0.01 pip) 
USD/CHF 
125,000 CHF ** 
USD/JPY 
T+2 
0.0001 (0.01 pip) 
USD/JPY 
12,500,000 JPY ** 
USD/MXN 
T+2 
0.00001 (0.1 pip) 
USD/MXN 
500,000 MXN ** 
USD/ZAR 
T+2 
0.00001 (0.1 pip) 
USD/ZAR 
500,000 ZAR ** 
 
 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 6 of 6 
 
NOTES 
 
AUD 
= Australian dollar 
CAD 
= Canadian dollar 
CHF 
= Swiss franc 
EUR 
= Euro  
GBP 
= British pound 
JPY 
= Japanese yen 
MXN 
= Mexican peso 
NZD 
= New Zealand dollar 
USD 
= U.S. dollar 
 
 
 
 
      ZAR          =    South African rand 
 
 
* 
The minimum price increment (MPI) of a Spot FX Transaction is separate and distinct from and is 
not necessarily a reflection of the MPI of a Spot FX Basis Trade, which the Exchange shall 
determine. 
 
** 
The spot notional per one futures contract for the USD/CAD, USD/CHF, USD/JPY, USD/MXN, and 
USD/ZAR currency pairings shall be defined in terms of the quote, or term, currency of each pairing 
rather than the base currency since the CME pricing and notional convention for related FX Futures 
contracts is inverted from the over-the-counter (OTC) convention.  For example, the spot notional 
per one futures contract for USD/CAD, USD/CHF, USD/JPY, USD/MXN, and USD/ZAR  shall be 
defined in terms of the quote currency Canadian dollar, Swiss franc, Japanese yen, Mexican peso, 
and South African rand respectively, and not in terms of the base currency U.S. dollar. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 3 
Chapter 23 
Event Contracts 
 
2300. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
Event Contracts are cash-settled, European style, premium style, options on futures contracts that 
expire on specified dates as determined by the Exchange, as set forth in the Strike Price Listing 
and Exercise Procedures Table. 
Each Event Contract shall expire on the Expiration Date to the daily settlement price of the 
Principal Contract Month of the Underlying Futures as calculated by the Exchange at a time 
determined by the Exchange. 
An Event Contract gives the right to receive a fixed Settlement Value per Contract on the 
Settlement Date. 
The following Rules set forth the terms of Event Contracts. In addition to the Rules of this chapter, 
Event Contracts shall be subject to the general rules of the Exchange as applicable. 
Unless otherwise specified, times referenced herein shall refer to and indicate Central time.  
 
2301.  
DEFINITIONS 
“Call Contract” pays the corresponding Settlement Value if at Expiration the daily settlement price 
for the Underlying Futures is strictly above the strike price and zero otherwise.  
“Expiration” means the time on the Expiration Date established by these Rules at which an Event 
Contract expires, and the Settlement Value of that Event Contract is determined.  
“Expiration Date” means the Business Day established by these Rules on which the Settlement 
Value of each Event Contract is determined.  
“Principal Contract Month” means the expiration month of the Underlying Futures, as identified by 
the Exchange, to which the Event Contract will base its settlement on, as set forth in the Strike 
Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table.  
“Put Contract” pays the corresponding Settlement Value if at Expiration the daily settlement price 
for the Underlying Futures is equal to or less than the strike price and zero otherwise. 
“Settlement Value” is the amount paid to the holder of the in the-money Event Contract at 
Expiration.  
“Strike Price” is the Exchange established price level to determine if the Event Contract will be 
above or below at Expiration Date to calculate the Settlement Value. 
“Underlying Futures” means the underlying futures contract upon which the Event Contract is 
based.  
 
2302.  
EVENT CONTRACTS CHARACTERISTICS  
2302.A. Trading Schedule  
Event Contracts shall be listed for Expiration on such dates and shall be scheduled for trading 
during such hours as may be determined by the Exchange. 
2302.B. Trading Unit  
Prices shall be quoted in U.S. dollars and cents per Event Contract. 
2302.C. Price Increments 
Event Contracts shall be quoted with a price range from zero (0) to one hundred (100) equal to 
$0.00 - $100.00.  
The minimum price increment for each Event Contract shall be 1.00 equal to $1.00  
2302.D. Strike Price Listing Schedule 
On any Business Day, and subject to Rule 2302.A., the Exchange shall list for trading all Put and 
Call Event Contracts at such strike intervals and such range of strike prices as set forth in the Strike 
Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table.  
Additional strikes may be listed for trading, and strikes scheduled to be listed for trading may be 
suspended at the sole discretion of the Exchange 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 3 
2302.E. Termination of Trading 
Trading shall terminate at the end of the daily settlement period for the Underlying Futures, on the 
Expiration Date that the Event Contract was listed for.  
2302.F. Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels  
The applicable position limits and accountability levels are set forth in the Position Limit, Position 
Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of 
Chapter 5.  
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion.  
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
2302.G. Settlement Value 
The Settlement Value of each Event Contract shall be determined by the Exchange as the daily 
settlement price of the Principal Contract Month of the Underlying Futures at Expiration.  
(a) For a Call Contract, if that day’s settlement price of the Underlying Futures is strictly above 
the strike price, the Event Contract shall be deemed to have expired in-the-money, with a 
Settlement Value of $100.00; conversely, if that day’s settlement price of the Underlying 
Futures is equal to, or below the strike price, the Event Contract shall be deemed to have 
expired out-of-the-money, with a Settlement Value of $0.00. 
(b) For a Put Contract, if that day’s settlement price of the Underlying Futures is equal to, or 
below the strike price, the Event Contract shall be deemed to have expired in-the-money, 
with a Settlement Value of $100.00; conversely, if that day’s settlement price of the 
Underlying Futures is above the strike price, the Event Contract shall be deemed to have 
expired out-of-the-money, with a Settlement Value of $0.00. 
2302.H. Final Settlement  
Following the determination of the Final Settlement Value (Rule 2302.G.), the Clearing House shall 
effectuate the Final Settlement in accordance with normal settlement variation procedures. 
 
2303.  
TRADING HALTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
2303.A. Market Disruption Events  
In the event of a market disruption in the Underlying Futures, upon which any Event Contract is 
based, all executed Event Contracts shall settle on their originally listed Expiration Date, to a 
Settlement Value determined by the Exchange as the daily settlement price of the Principal 
Contract Month of the Underlying Futures at Expiration.  
The Final Settlement of an expiring Event Contract shall not be deferred except as provided in Rule 
2303.D. 
2303.B. Special Price Fluctuation Limits  
At the commencement of each trading day, Event Contracts shall also be subject to special 
fluctuation limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price 
Limits Table in the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.  
2303.C. Discretion to Refrain from Listing Contracts  
The Exchange may, in its discretion, temporarily refrain from the listing of any Event Contract due 
to the unavailability of the Underlying Futures upon which the Event Contract is based, or any other 
condition the Exchange determines may be detrimental to the listing of the Event Contract.  
2303.D. Settlement Contingencies  
In the event the Exchange is unable to establish a reliable settlement price for the Underlying 
Futures upon which any Event Contract is based, or no daily settlement price is determined by the 
Exchange, final settlement shall be deferred until such time a daily settlement price for the 
Underlying Futures is determined. Notwithstanding the delay, trading in the Event Contract shall 
seize at the originally determined Expiration.  
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 3 
2304.  
EVENT CONTRACTS AND RELATED UNDERLYING FUTURES CONTRACTS 
 
 
Event Contract Title 
Underlying Futures Contract 
Underlying 
Futures 
Contract 
Rulebook 
Chapter 
1. 
Event Contracts on E-mini Standard 
and Poor’s 500 Stock Price Index 
Futures 
E-mini Standard and Poor’s 500 
Stock Price Index Futures 
CME 358 
2. 
Event Contracts on E-mini Nasdaq-
100 Index Futures 
E-mini Nasdaq-100 Futures 
CME 359 
3. 
Event Contracts on E-mini Russell 
2000 Index Futures 
E-mini Russell 2000 Futures 
CME 393 
4. 
Event Contracts on Euro/U.S. Dollar 
(EUR/USD) Futures 
Euro/U.S. Dollar FX Futures 
CME 261 
5. 
Event Contracts on Bitcoin Futures 
Bitcoin Futures 
CME 350 
 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 52 
Class III Milk Futures 
5200. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER  
This chapter is limited in application to Class III Milk futures.  In addition to this chapter, Class III 
Milk futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange insofar as 
applicable.   
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
5201. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS  
Each futures contract shall be valued at 2,000 times the USDA Class III Price for milk. 
5202. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
5202.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and final settlement in such 
months as may be determined by the Exchange. 
5202.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 200,000 pounds, expressed as 2,000 hundredweight (cwt.). 
5202.C. 
Price Increments 
Minimum price fluctuations shall be in multiples of $0.01 per cwt. 
5202.D. 
Daily Price Limits  
There shall be a daily price limit of $0.75 per cwt. above or below the previous day's settlement 
price, except that there shall be no daily price limits in the expiring contract as of close of trading on 
the business day prior to the first trading day of the contract month. 
Should any Class III Milk futures contract month settle at limit, the daily price limits for all contract 
months shall expand to $1.50 per cwt. on the next business day.  
If none of the listed Class III Milk futures contracts settle at a price change equal to or greater than 
$0.75 per cwt. on the next business day, daily price limits for all contract months shall revert back 
to $0.75 per cwt. on the following business day. As of the close of trading on the business day prior 
to the first trading day of the expiring contract month, the expiring contract month shall be excluded 
from triggering expanded limits. 
Should any futures component of the Class III Crush (Class III, Cash-Settled Cheese, Block 
Cheese, and Dry Whey) trigger an expanded limit, the daily price limits for other futures 
components shall also expand on the same day. If no futures component settles at a price change 
equal to or greater than its respective initial price limit, daily price limits for all futures components 
of the Class III Crush shall revert back to their respective initial limits the following business day.  
5202.E. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels  
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
5202.F. 
[Reserved] 
5202.G. 
[Reserved] 
5202.H. 
Termination of Trading  
Trading shall terminate on the Business Day immediately preceding the day on which the USDA 
announces the Class III price for that contract month. 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
5202.I. 
[Reserved] 
5203. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
5203.A. 
Final Settlement 
There shall be no delivery of milk in settlement of this contract.  All contracts open as of the 
termination of trading shall be cash settled based upon the USDA Class III price for milk for the 
particular month, as first released. 
5203.B.-H. 
[Reserved] 
5204.-08. 
[RESERVED] 
 (End Chapter 52) 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 52A 
Options on Class III Milk Futures 
 
52A00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER  
This chapter is limited in application to options on Class III Milk futures.  In addition to this chapter, 
options on Class III Milk futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the 
Exchange insofar as applicable.  
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
52A01. 
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS 
52A01.A. 
Contract Months 
Options contracts shall be listed for such contract months and final settlement in such months as 
may be determined by the Exchange. 
52A01.B. 
Trading Unit 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy, in the case of the call, or to sell, in the case of the put, 
one Class III Milk futures contract as specified in Chapter 52. 
52A01.C. 
Minimum Fluctuations 
The price of an option shall be quoted in cents per hundredweight (cwt.).  Minimum price 
fluctuations shall be in multiples of $0.01 per cwt. (also known as one tick).  A trade may also occur 
at a price of $0.005 per cwt. ($10.00, also known as one-half tick), whether or not it results in the 
liquidation of positions for both parties to the trade. 
 
52A01.D.      Trading Hours 
The hours of trading for options on Class III Milk futures contracts shall be determined by the 
Exchange.  Options on Class III Milk futures shall be opened and closed for all months and strike 
prices simultaneously. 
52A01.E. 
Exercise and Exercise Prices 
Transactions and exercise of options shall be conducted for option contracts as set forth in the 
Strike Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table. 
52A01.F 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
52A01.G.       [Reserved] 
52A01.H.       [Reserved] 
52A01.I. 
Termination of Trading 
Options trading shall terminate on the same date and time as the underlying futures contract. 
52A01.J. 
[Reserved] 
52A02.        ASSIGNMENT 
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to 
the assignment of Class III Milk options. 
Exercise notices accepted by the Clearing House shall be assigned through a process of random 
selection to clearing members with open short positions in the same series.  A clearing member to 
which an Exercise notice is assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as practicable after such 
notice is assigned by the Clearing House, but not later than 45 minutes prior to the opening of 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
trading in the underlying futures contract on the following Business Day. 
The clearing member assigned an Exercise notice shall be assigned a short position in the 
underlying futures contract if a call is exercised or a long position in the underlying futures contract 
if a put is exercised.  The clearing member representing the option buyer shall be assigned a long 
position in the underlying futures contract if a call is exercised and a short position if a put is 
exercised. 
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of the option and 
shall be marked to market in accordance with Rule 814 on the Trading Day of acceptance by the 
Clearing House of the Exercise notice. 
52A03. 
[RESERVED] 
52A04.-29. [RESERVED] 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
 
 
Chapter 52B 
Midsize Options on Class III Milk Futures 
 
52B00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER  
This chapter is limited in application to Midsize options on Class III Milk futures.   In addition to this 
chapter, Midsize Options on Class III Milk futures shall be subject to the general rules and 
regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable.  
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
52B01. 
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS 
52B01.A. 
Contract Months 
Options contracts shall be listed for such contract months and final settlement in such months as 
may be determined by the Exchange. 
52B01.B. 
Trading Unit 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy, in the case of the call, or to sell, in the case of the put, 
1,000 times the USDA Class III price for milk, expressed in dollars per hundredweight (cwt.).  
52B01.C. 
Minimum Fluctuations 
The price of an option shall be quoted in cents per hundredweight.  Minimum price fluctuations 
shall be in multiples of $0.01 per cwt. ($10.00, also known as one tick).  A trade may also occur at 
a price of $0.005 per cwt. ($5.00, also known as one-half tick), whether or not it results in the 
liquidation of positions for both parties to the trade. 
52B01.D. 
 Trading Hours 
The hours of trading for Midsize Options on Class III Milk futures contracts shall be determined by 
the Exchange.  Midsize Options on Class III Milk futures shall be opened and closed for all months 
and strike prices simultaneously. 
52B01.E. 
Exercise and Exercise Prices 
Transactions and exercise of options shall be conducted for option contracts as set forth in the 
Strike Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table. 
52B01.F. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
52B01.G.      [Reserved]  
52B01.H.      [Reserved] 
52B01.I. 
Termination of Trading 
Midsize Options on Class III Milk futures trading shall terminate on the same date and time as the 
Class III Milk futures. 
52B01.J. 
[Reserved] 
52B02. 
ASSIGNMENT  
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to 
the assignment of Midsize Options on Class III Milk futures. 
Exercise notices accepted by the Clearing House shall be assigned through a process of random 
selection to clearing members with open short positions in the same series.  A clearing member to 
which an Exercise notice is assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as practicable after such 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
 
 
notice is assigned by the Clearing House, but not later than 45 minutes prior to the opening of 
trading in the underlying futures contract on the following Business Day. 
The clearing member assigned an Exercise notice shall be assigned a long futures position in the 
underlying futures contract if a put was exercised or a short futures position if a call is exercised.  
The clearing member representing the option buyer shall be assigned a short futures position if a 
put is exercised or a long futures position if a call is exercised. The positions shall be equivalent to 
0.50 times the value of the Class III Milk futures contract (i.e., 1,000 times the USDA Class III price 
for milk, expressed in dollars per hundredweight). 
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of the option and 
shall be marked to market in accordance with Rule 814 on the Trading Day of acceptance by the 
Clearing House of the Exercise notice. 
52B03. 
 [RESERVED] 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 54 
Nonfat Dry Milk Futures 
5400. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Nonfat Dry Milk futures.   In addition to this chapter, Nonfat 
Dry Milk futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange insofar as 
applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
5401. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each futures contract shall be valued at 44,000 times the USDA monthly weighted average price 
per pound in the U.S. for nonfat dry milk. 
5402. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS   
5402.A. 
Trading Schedule  
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and final settlement in such 
months as may be determined by the Exchange. 
5402.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 44,000 pounds. 
5402.C. 
Price Increments 
Minimum price fluctuations shall be in multiples of $0.00025 per pound. 
5402.D. 
Daily Price Limits 
There shall be a daily price limit of $0.04 per pound above or below the previous day's settlement 
price, except that there shall be no daily price limits in the spot month. 
Should any Nonfat Dry Milk contract that is subject to a daily price limit settle at limit, the daily price 
limits for all contract months shall expand to $0.08 per pound on the next business day.  
If none of the listed Nonfat Dry Milk futures contracts settle at a price change equal to or greater 
than $0.04 per pound on the next business day, daily price limits for all contract months shall revert 
back to $0.04 per pound on the following business day. During the spot month period, the expiring 
month contract shall be excluded from triggering expanded limits. 
Should any futures component of the Class IV Crush (Class IV, Cash-Settled Butter, and Nonfat 
Dry Milk) trigger an expanded limit, the daily price limits for other futures components shall also 
expand on the same day. If no futures component settles at a price change equal to or greater than 
its respective initial price limit, daily price limits for all futures components of the Class IV Crush 
shall revert back to their respective initial limits the following business day.  
5402.E. Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
5402.F. 
[Reserved] 
5402.G. 
[Reserved] 
5402.H. 
Termination of Trading  
Trading shall terminate on the Business Day immediately preceding the release date for the USDA 
monthly weighted average price in the U.S. for Nonfat Dry Milk. 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
5402.I. 
[Reserved] 
5403. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES  
5403.A. 
Final Settlement 
There shall be no delivery of dry milk in settlement of this contract.  All contracts open as of the 
termination of trading shall be cash settled based upon the USDA monthly weighted average price 
in the U.S. for nonfat dry milk, as first released. 
5403.B. - H. [Reserved] 
5404.-08. 
[RESERVED] 
 (End Chapter 54) 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 54A 
Options on Nonfat Dry Milk Futures 
 
54A00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to options on Nonfat Dry Milk futures. In addition to this 
chapter, options on Nonfat Dry Milk futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of 
the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
 For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
54A01. 
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS 
54A01.A. 
Contract Months 
Options contracts shall be listed for such contract months and final settlement in such months as 
may be determined by the Exchange. 
54A01.B. 
Trading Unit 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy, in the case of the call, or to sell, in the case of the put, 
one Nonfat Dry Milk futures contract as specified in Chapter 54.  
54A01.C. 
Minimum Fluctuations 
The price of an option shall be quoted in cents per pound.  Minimum price fluctuations shall be in 
multiples of $0.00025 per pound (also known as one tick).  A trade may also occur at a price of 
$0.000125 per pound ($5.50, also known as one-half tick), whether or not it results in the liquidation 
of positions for both parties to the trade. 
54A01.D. 
Trading Hours 
The hours of trading for options on Nonfat Dry Milk futures contracts shall be determined by the 
Exchange.  Options on Nonfat Dry Milk futures shall be opened and closed for all months and strike 
prices simultaneously. 
54A01.E. 
Exercise and Exercise Prices  
Transactions and exercise of options shall be conducted for option contracts as set forth in the 
Strike Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table. 
54A01.F 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
54A01.G.  
[Reserved] 
54A01.H.  
[Reserved] 
54A01.I. 
Termination of Trading 
Options trading shall terminate on the same date and time as the underlying futures contract. 
54A01.J. 
 [Reserved] 
54A02. 
ASSIGNMENT 
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7 the following shall apply to 
the assignment of Nonfat Dry Milk options. 
Exercise notices accepted by the Clearing House shall be assigned through a process of random 
selection to clearing members with open short positions in the same series.  A clearing member to 
which an Exercise notice is assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as practicable after such 
notice is assigned by the Clearing House, but not later than 45 minutes prior to the opening of 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
trading in the underlying futures contract on the following Business Day. 
The clearing member assigned an Exercise notice shall be assigned a short position in the 
underlying futures contract if a call is exercised or a long position in the underlying futures contract 
if a put is exercised.  The clearing member representing the option buyer shall be assigned a long 
position in the underlying futures contract if a call is exercised and a short position if a put is 
exercised. 
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of the option and 
shall be marked to market in accordance with Rule 814 on the Trading Day of acceptance by the 
Clearing House of the Exercise notice. 
54A03. 
 [RESERVED] 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 55 
Class IV Milk Futures 
5500. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Class IV Milk futures.  In addition to this chapter, Class IV 
Milk futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange insofar as 
applicable.  
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
5501. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each futures contract shall be valued at 2,000 times the USDA Class IV Milk price. 
5502. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
5502.A. 
Trading Schedule  
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and final settlement in such 
months as may be determined by the Exchange. 
5502.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 200,000 pounds, expressed as 2,000 hundredweight (cwt.). 
5502.C. 
Price Increments 
Minimum price fluctuations shall be in multiples of $0.01 per cwt. 
5502.D. 
Daily Price Limits  
There shall be a daily price limit of $0.75 per cwt. above or below the previous day's settlement 
price, except that there shall be no daily price limits in the expiring contract as of close of trading on 
the business day prior to the first trading day of the contract month. 
Should any Class IV Milk futures contract month settle at limit, the daily price limits for all 
contract months shall expand to $1.50 per cwt. on the next business day.  
If none of the listed Class IV Milk futures contracts settle at a price change equal to or greater than 
$0.75 per cwt. on the next business day, daily price limits for all contract months shall revert back 
to $0.75 per cwt. on the following business day. As of the close of trading on the business day prior 
to the first trading day of the expiring contract month, the expiring contract month shall be excluded 
from triggering expanded limits. 
Should any futures component of the Class IV Crush (Class IV, Cash-Settled Butter, and Nonfat 
Dry Milk) trigger an expanded limit, the daily price limits for other futures components shall also 
expand on the same day. If no futures component settles at a price change equal to or greater than 
its respective initial price limit, daily price limits for all futures components of the Class IV Crush 
shall revert back to their respective initial limits the following business day.  
5502.E. 
Position Limits Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
5502.F. 
[Reserved] 
5502.G. 
[Reserved] 
5502.H. 
Termination of Trading 
Trading shall terminate on the Business Day immediately preceding the day on which the USDA 
announces the Class IV price for that contract month. 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
5502.I. 
 [Reserved] 
5503. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
5503.A.       Final Settlement 
There shall be no delivery of Class IV milk in settlement of this contract.  All contracts open as of 
the termination of trading shall be cash settled based upon the USDA Class IV Price for milk for the 
particular month, as first released. 
5503.B.-H. 
[Reserved] 
5504. - 08. [RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 55) 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 55A 
Options on Class IV Milk Futures 
 
55A00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to options on Class IV Milk futures.  In addition to this chapter, 
options on Class IV Milk futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the 
Exchange insofar as applicable.  
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
55A01. 
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS 
55A01.A. 
Contract Months 
Options contracts shall be listed for such contract months and final settlement in such months as 
may be determined by the Exchange. 
55A01.B. 
Trading Unit 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy, in the case of the call, or to sell, in the case of the put, 
one Class IV Milk futures contract as specified in Chapter 55.  
55A01.C. 
Minimum Fluctuations 
The price of an option shall be quoted in cents per hundredweight (cwt.).  Minimum price 
fluctuations shall be in multiples of $0.01 per cwt. (also known as one tick).  A trade may also occur 
at a price of $0.005 per cwt. ($10.00, also known as one-half tick), whether or not it results in the 
liquidation of positions for both parties to the trade. 
55A01.D. 
  Trading Hours 
The hours of trading for options on Class IV Milk futures contracts shall be determined by the 
Exchange.   Options on Class IV Milk futures shall be opened and closed for all months and strike 
prices simultaneously. 
55A01.E. 
Exercise and Exercise Prices  
Transactions and exercise of options shall be conducted for option contracts as set forth in the 
Strike Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table. 
55A01.F. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
55A01.G.      [Reserved] 
55A01.H.  
[Reserved] 
55A01.I. 
Termination of Trading 
Options trading shall terminate on the same date and time as the underlying futures contract. 
55A01.J. 
[Reserved] 
55A02. 
ASSIGNMENT 
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to 
the assignment of Class IV Milk options. 
Exercise notices accepted by the Clearing House shall be assigned through a process of random 
selection to clearing members with open short positions in the same series.  A clearing member to 
which an Exercise notice is assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as practicable after such 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
notice is assigned by the Clearing House, but not later than 45 minutes prior to the opening of 
trading in the underlying futures contract on the following Business Day. 
The clearing member assigned an Exercise notice shall be assigned a short position in the 
underlying futures contract if a call is exercised or a long position in the underlying futures contract 
if a put is exercised.  The clearing member representing the option buyer shall be assigned a long 
position in the underlying futures contract if a call is exercised and a short position if a put is 
exercised. 
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of the option and 
shall be marked to market in accordance with Rule 814 on the Trading Day of acceptance by the 
Clearing House of the Exercise notice. 
55A03. 
[RESERVED] 
55A04.-29.  [RESERVED] 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 56 
Cash-Settled Butter Futures 
5600. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Cash-Settled Butter futures.  In addition to this chapter, Cash-
Settled Butter futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange insofar as 
applicable.  
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherw ise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
5601. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each futures contract shall be valued at 20,000 times the USDA monthly w eighted average price per 
pound in the U.S. for butter. 
5602. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS  
5602A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and final settlement in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
5602.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 20,000 pounds. 
5602.C. 
Price Increments 
Minimum price fluctuations shall be in multiples of $0.00025 per pound. 
5602.D. 
Daily Price Limits 
There shall be a daily price limit of $0.075 per pound above or below  the previous day’s settlement 
price, except that there shall be no daily price limits in the spot month.  
Should any Cash-Settled Butter contract that is subject to a daily price limit settle at limit, the daily 
price limits for all contract months shall expand to $0.150 per pound on the next business day. 
If none of the listed Cash-Settled Butter futures contracts settle at a price change equal to or 
greater than $0.075 per pound on the next business day, daily price limits for all contract months 
shall revert back to $0.075 per pound on the follow ing business day. During the spot month period, 
the expiring month contract shall be excluded from triggering expanded limits. 
Should any futures component of the Class IV Crush (Class IV, Cash-Settled Butter, and Nonfat Dry 
Milk) trigger an expanded limit, the daily price limits for other futures components shall also expand on 
the same day. If no futures component settles at a price change equal to or greater than its respective 
initial price limit, daily price limits for all futures components of the Class IV Crush shall revert back to 
their respective initial limits the follow ing business day.  
5602.E.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels  
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allow able 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
5602.F. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
      [Reserved]  
5602.G. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
 
[Reserved] 
5602.H. 
Termination of Trading 
Trading shall terminate on the Business Day immediately preceding the release date for the USDA 
monthly w eighted average price in the U.S. for butter. 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
5602.I. 
[Reserved] 
5603. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
5603.A. 
Final Settlement 
There shall be no delivery of butter in settlement of this contract.  All contracts open as of the 
termination of trading shall be cash settled based upon the USDA monthly w eighted average price in 
the U.S. for butter, as first released. 
5603.B.-H. 
[Reserved] 
5604-08 
[RESERVED] 
 (End Chapter 56) 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 56A 
Options on Cash-Settled Butter Futures 
 
56A00.        SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to options on Cash-Settled Butter futures.  In addition to this 
chapter, options on Cash-Settled Butter futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of 
the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time.  
56A01. 
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS 
56A01.A. 
Contract Months  
Options contracts shall be listed for such contract months and final settlement in such months as 
may be determined by the Exchange. 
56A01.B. 
Trading Unit 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy, in the case of the call, or to sell, in the case of the put, one 
Cash-Settled Butter futures contract as specified in Chapter 56.  
56A01.C. 
Minimum Fluctuations 
The price of an option shall be quoted in cents per pound.  Minimum price fluctuations shall be in 
multiples of $0.00025 per pound (also known as one tick).  A trade may also occur at a price of 
$0.000125 per pound ($5.00, also known as one-half tick), whether or not it results in the liquidation of 
positions for both parties to the trade. 
56A01.D. 
 Trading Hours 
The hours of trading for options on Cash-Settled Butter futures contracts shall be determined by the 
Exchange.   Options on Cash-Settled Butter futures shall be opened and closed for all months and 
strike prices simultaneously. 
56A01.E. 
Exercise and Exercise Prices 
Transactions and exercise of options shall be conducted for option contracts as set forth in the Strike 
Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table. 
56A01.F.      Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
6A01.G. 
[Reserved] 
56A01.H. 
[Reserved] 
56A01.I. 
Termination of Trading  
Options trading shall terminate on the same date and time as the underlying futures contract. 
56A01.J. 
[Reserved] 
 56A02. 
       ASSIGNMENT  
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7 the following shall apply to the 
exercise of Cash-Settled Butter options. 
56A02.A. 
Exercise of Option  
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7 the following shall apply to 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
the assignment of Cash-Settled Butter options. 
Exercise notices accepted by the Clearing House shall be assigned through a process of random 
selection to clearing members with open short positions in the same series.  A clearing member to 
which an Exercise notice is assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as practicable after such notice is 
assigned by the Clearing House, but not later than 45 minutes prior to the opening of trading in the 
underlying futures contract on the following Business Day. 
The clearing member assigned an Exercise Notice shall be assigned a short position in the underlying 
futures contract if a call is exercised or a long position if a put is exercised.  The clearing member 
representing the option buyer shall be assigned a long position in the underlying futures contract if a 
call is exercised and a short position if a put is exercised. 
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of the option and shall 
be marked to market in accordance with Rule 814 on the Trading Day following acceptance by the 
Clearing House of the Exercise notice. 
56A03. 
[RESERVED] 
56A04.-29. [RESERVED] 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
 
Chapter 57 
Dry Whey Futures 
5700. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Dry Whey futures.  In addition to this chapter, Dry Whey 
futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange insofar as 
applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to 
and indicate Chicago time. 
5701. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each futures contract shall be valued at 44,000 times the USDA monthly weighted average 
price per pound in the U.S. for dry whey. 
5702. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS  
5702.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and final settlement in such 
months as may be determined by the Exchange. 
5702.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 44,000 pounds. 
5702.C. 
Price Increments 
Minimum price fluctuations shall be in multiples of $0.00025 per pound. 
5702.D. 
Daily Price Limits 
There shall be a daily price limit of $0.04 per pound above or below the previous day’s 
settlement price, except that there shall be no daily price limits in the spot month. 
Should any Dry Whey contract that is subject to a daily price limit settle at limit, the daily price 
limits for all contract months shall expand to $0.08 per pound on the next business day.   
If none of the listed Dry Whey futures contracts settle at a price change equal to or greater 
than $0.04 per pound on the next business day, daily price limits for all contract months shall 
revert back to $0.04 per pound on the following business day. During the spot month period, 
the expiring month contract shall be excluded from triggering expanded limits.  
 Should any futures component of the Class III Crush (Class III, Cash-Settled Cheese, Block 
Cheese, and Dry Whey) trigger an expanded limit, the daily price limits for other futures 
components shall also expand on the same day. If no futures component settles at a price 
change equal to or greater than its respective initial price limit, daily price limits for all futures 
components of the Class III Crush shall revert back to their respective initial limits the following 
business day 
5702.E. 
Position Limits Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, 
are set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall 
apply to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the 
Market Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
5702.F. 
[Reserved] 
5702.G.        [Reserved] 
5702.H. 
Termination of Trading 
Trading shall terminate on the Business Day immediately preceding the release date for the 
USDA monthly weighted average price in the U.S. for Dry Whey. 
5702.I. 
[Reserved] 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
 
5703. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
5703.A. Final Settlement 
There shall be no delivery of dry whey in settlement of this contract.  All contracts open as of 
the termination of trading shall be cash settled based upon the USDA monthly weighted 
average price in the U.S. for dry whey, as first released. 
5703.B-H. [Reserved] 
5704.-08. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 57) 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
 
Chapter 57A 
Options on Dry Whey Futures 
 
57A00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to options on Dry Whey futures.  In addition to this 
chapter, options on Dry Whey futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of 
the Exchange insofar as applicable.   
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to 
and indicate Chicago time. 
57A01. 
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS 
57A01.A. 
Contract Months  
Options contracts shall be listed for such contract months and final settlement in such months 
as may be determined by Exchange. 
57A01B. 
Trading Unit 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy, in the case of the call, or to sell, in the case of the 
put, one Dry Whey futures contract as specified in Chapter 57.  
57A01.C. 
Minimum Fluctuations 
The price of an option shall be quoted in cents per pound.  Minimum price fluctuations shall be 
in multiples of $0.00025 per pound (also known as one tick).  A trade may also occur at a price 
of $0.000125 per pound ($5.50, also known as one-half tick), whether or not it results in the 
liquidation of positions for both parties to the trade. 
57A01.D. 
Trading Hours 
The hours of trading for options on Dry Whey futures contracts shall be determined by the 
Exchange.  Options on Dry Whey futures shall be opened and closed for all months and strike 
prices simultaneously. 
57A01E. 
Exercise and Exercise Prices 
Transactions and exercise of options shall be conducted for option contracts as set forth in the 
Strike Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table. 
57A01.F. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable 
Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, 
are set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall 
apply to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the 
Market Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
57A01.G.  
[Reserved] 
57A01.H. 
Termination of Trading 
Options trading shall terminate on the same date and time as the underlying futures contract. 
57A01.I. 
[Reserved] 
57A02. 
ASSIGNMENT 
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7 the following shall 
apply to the assignment of Dry Whey options. 
Exercise notices accepted by the Clearing House shall be assigned through a process of 
random selection to clearing members with open short positions in the same series.  A clearing 
member to which an Exercise notice is assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as 
practicable after such notice is assigned by the Clearing House, but not later than 45 minutes 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
 
prior to the opening of trading in the underlying futures contract on the following Business Day. 
The clearing member assigned an Exercise notice shall be assigned a short position in the 
underlying futures contract if a call is exercised or a long position if a put is exercised.  The 
clearing member representing the option buyer shall be assigned a long position in the 
underlying futures contract if a call is exercised and a short position if a put is exercised. 
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of the option 
and shall be marked to market in accordance with Rule 814 on the Trading Day following 
acceptance by the Clearing House of the Exercise notice. 
57A03. 
[RESERVED] 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
 
Chapter 60 
Cheese Futures 
 
6000.  SCOPE OF CHAPTER  
This chapter is limited in application to Cheese futures.  In addition to this chapter, Cheese futures shall 
be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable.  
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time.  
6001.  CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS   
Each futures contract shall be valued at 20,000 times the USDA monthly weighted average price per 
pound in the U.S. for cheese. 
6002.  TRADING SPECIFICATIONS  
6002.A.        Trading Months and Hours 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and final settlement in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
6002.B.       Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 20,000 pounds of cheddar cheese. 
6002.C.      Price Increments 
Minimum price fluctuations shall be in multiples of $0.0010 per pound. 
6002.D.      Daily Price Limits 
There shall be a daily price limit of $0.075 per pound above or below the previous day's settlement 
price, except that there shall be no daily price limits in the spot month.  
Should any Cash-Settled Cheese contract that is subject to a daily price limit settle at limit, the daily 
price limits for all contract months shall expand to $0.150 per pound on the next business day. 
 If none of the listed Cash-Settled Cheese futures contracts settle at a price change equal to or 
greater than $0.075 per pound on the next business day, daily price limits for all contract months 
shall revert back to $0.075 per pound on the following business day. During the spot month period, 
the expiring month contract shall be excluded from triggering expanded limits. 
Should any futures component of the Class III Crush (Class III, Cash-Settled Cheese, Block Cheese, 
and Dry Whey) trigger an expanded limit, the daily price limits for other futures components shall 
also expand on the same day. If no futures component settles at a price change equal to or greater 
than its respective initial price limit, daily price limits for all futures components of the Class III Crush 
shall revert back to their respective initial limits the following business day.  
6002.E.      Position Limits Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set 
forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & 
Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to 
the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
6002.F.       [Reserved]  
6002.G.      [Reserved] 
6002.H.      Termination of Futures Trading 
Trading shall terminate on the Business Day immediately preceding the release date for the USDA 
monthly weighted average price in the U.S. for cheese.  
6002.I.     [Reserved] 
6003.  SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
 
6003.A.   Final Settlement 
There shall be no delivery of cheese in settlement of this contract.  All contracts open as of the 
termination of trading shall be cash settled based upon the USDA monthly weighted average price in 
the U.S. for cheese. The reported USDA monthly weighted average price for cheese uses both 40 
pound cheddar block and 500 pound barrel prices.  
6003.B-H.  [Reserved]  
6004.-08. [RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 60) 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
 
Chapter 60A 
Options on Cheese Futures 
 
60A00. SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to options on Cheese futures.  In addition to this chapter, 
options on Cheese futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange 
insofar as applicable.   
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time.  
60A01. OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS 
60A01.A.       Contract Months  
Options contracts shall be listed for such contract months and final settlement in such months as 
may be determined by the Exchange. 
60A01.B.       Trading Unit 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy, in the case of the call, or to sell, in the case of the put, 
one Cheese futures contract as specified in Chapter 60.  
60A01.C.       Minimum Fluctuations 
The price of an option shall be quoted in cents per pound. Minimum price fluctuations shall be in 
multiples of $0.0010 per pound (also known as one tick). A trade may also occur at a price of 
$0.0005 per pound ($10.00, also known as one-half tick), whether or not it results in the liquidation 
of positions for both parties to the trade. 
60A01.D.      Trading Hours 
The hours of trading for options on Cheese futures contracts shall be determined by the Exchange. 
Options on Cheese futures shall be opened and closed for all months and strike prices 
simultaneously. 
60A01.E.      Exercise and Exercise Prices 
Transactions and exercise of options shall be conducted for option contracts as set forth in the 
Strike Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table. 
60A01.F.      Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
60A01.G.       [Reserved] 
60A01.H.       [Reserved] 
60A01.I.        Termination of Trading 
Options trading shall terminate on the same date and time as the underlying futures contract. 
60A01.J.      [Reserved] 
60A02. ASSIGNMENT 
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7 the following shall apply to 
the assignment of Cheese options. 
Exercise notices accepted by the Clearing House shall be assigned through a process of random 
selection to clearing members with open short positions in the same series. A clearing member to 
which an Exercise notice is assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as practicable after such 
notice is assigned by the Clearing House, but not later than 45 minutes prior to the opening of 
trading in the underlying futures contract on the following Business Day. 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
 
The clearing member assigned an Exercise notice shall be assigned a short position in the 
underlying futures contract if a call is exercised or a long position in the underlying futures contract 
if a put is exercised.  
The clearing member representing the option buyer shall be assigned a long position in the 
underlying futures contract if a call is exercised and a short position if a put is exercised. 
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of the option and 
shall be marked to market in accordance with Rule 814 on the Trading Day of acceptance by the 
Clearing House of the Exercise notice. 
60A03. [RESERVED]           
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
 
Chapter 61 
Block Cheese Futures 
 
6100.  SCOPE OF CHAPTER  
This chapter is limited in application to Block Cheese futures.  In addition to this chapter, Block Cheese 
futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable.  
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time.  
6101.  CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS   
Each futures contract shall be valued at 20,000 times the USDA monthly weighted average price per 
pound in the U.S. for 40-pound block cheddar cheese. 
6102.  TRADING SPECIFICATIONS  
6102.A.        Trading Months and Hours 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and final settlement in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
6102.B.       Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 20,000 pounds of cheddar cheese in 40-pound blocks, colored between 6 
and 8 on the National Cheese Institute color chart, meeting Wisconsin State Brand, USDA Grade A, or 
better standards. 
6102.C.      Price Increments 
Minimum price fluctuations shall be in multiples of $0.0010 per pound. 
6102.D.      Daily Price Limits 
There shall be a daily price limit of $0.075 per pound above or below the previous day's settlement 
price, except that there shall be no daily price limits in the spot month.  
Should any Block Cheese contract that is subject to a daily price limit settle at limit, the daily price 
limits for all contract months shall expand to $0.150 per pound on the next business day.  
If none of the listed Block Cheese futures contracts settle at a price change equal to or greater than 
$0.075 per pound on the next business day, daily price limits for all contract months shall revert back 
to $0.075 per pound on the following business day. During the spot month period, the expiring 
month contract shall be excluded from triggering expanded limits. 
 Should any futures component of the Class III Crush (Class III, Cash-Settled Cheese, Block Cheese, 
and Dry Whey) trigger an expanded limit, the daily price limits for other futures components shall 
also expand on the same day. If no futures component settles at a price change equal to or greater 
than its respective initial price limit, daily price limits for all futures components of the Class III Crush 
shall revert back to their respective initial limits the following business day.  
6102.E.      Position Limits Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set 
forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & 
Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to 
the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
6102.F.       [Reserved]  
6102.G.      [Reserved] 
6102.H.      Termination of Futures Trading 
Trading shall terminate on the Business Day immediately preceding the release date for the USDA 
monthly weighted average price in the U.S. for 40-pound block cheddar cheese.  
6102.I.     [Reserved] 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
 
6103.  SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
6103.A.   Final Settlement 
There shall be no delivery of 40-pound block cheddar cheese in settlement of this contract.  All 
contracts open as of the termination of trading shall be cash settled based upon the USDA monthly 
weighted average price in the U.S. for 40-pound block cheddar cheese.  
6103.B-H.  [Reserved]  
6104.-08. [RESERVED]  
(End Chapter 61) 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
 
Chapter 61A 
Options on Block Cheese Futures 
 
61A00. SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to options on Block Cheese futures.  In addition to this chapter, 
options on Block Cheese futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the 
Exchange insofar as applicable.   
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time.  
61A01. OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS 
61A01.A.       Contract Months  
Options contracts shall be listed for such contract months and final settlement in such months as 
may be determined by the Exchange. 
61A01.B.       Trading Unit 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy, in the case of the call, or to sell, in the case of the put, 
one Block Cheese futures contract as specified in Chapter 61.  
61A01.C.       Minimum Fluctuations 
The price of an option shall be quoted in cents per pound. Minimum price fluctuations shall be in 
multiples of $0.0010 per pound (also known as one tick). A trade may also occur at a price of 
$0.0005 per pound ($10.00, also known as one-half tick), whether or not it results in the liquidation 
of positions for both parties to the trade. 
61A01.D.      Trading Hours 
The hours of trading for options on Block Cheese futures contracts shall be determined by the 
Exchange. Options on Block Cheese futures shall be opened and closed for all months and strike 
prices simultaneously. 
61A01.E.      Exercise and Exercise Prices 
Transactions and exercise of options shall be conducted for option contracts as set forth in the 
Strike Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table. 
61A01.F.      Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels  
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
61A01.G.       [Reserved] 
61A01.H.       [Reserved] 
61A01.I.        Termination of Trading 
Options trading shall terminate on the same date and time as the underlying futures contract. 
61A01.J.      [Reserved] 
61A02. ASSIGNMENT 
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7 the following shall apply to 
the assignment of Block Cheese options. 
Exercise notices accepted by the Clearing House shall be assigned through a process of random 
selection to clearing members with open short positions in the same series. A clearing member to 
which an Exercise notice is assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as practicable after such 
notice is assigned by the Clearing House, but not later than 45 minutes prior to the opening of 
trading in the underlying futures contract on the following Business Day. 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
 
The clearing member assigned an Exercise notice shall be assigned a short position in the 
underlying futures contract if a call is exercised or a long position in the underlying futures contract 
if a put is exercised.  
The clearing member representing the option buyer shall be assigned a long position in the 
underlying futures contract if a call is exercised and a short position if a put is exercised. 
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of the option and 
shall be marked to market in accordance with Rule 814 on the Trading Day of acceptance by the 
Clearing House of the Exercise notice. 
61A03. [RESERVED]           
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 6 
Chapter 63 
Lumber Futures 
 
6300. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Lumber Futures.  In addition to this chapter, Lumber Futures 
shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
 
The terms “seller” and “buyer” shall mean the seller of the physical product and the buyer of the 
physical product, respectively. The terms “reload” and “transload” shall mean any facility able to 
receive railcars where multiple entities have unloading and storage capabilities. 
 
For purposes of these rules, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Central Prevailing Time (CPT). 
 
6301. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS  
Each delivery unit shall consist of nominal 2x4's of random lengths from 8 feet to 20 feet.  Each 
delivery unit shall consist of and be grade stamped #1 or #2 and Better. Each delivery unit shall 
contain lumber produced from and grade stamped Hem Fir (HF), Douglas Fir (DF), Fir Larch (FL), 
or Spruce Pine Fir (SPF). 
 
6302. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
6302.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contract shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
 
6302.B. 
Trading Unit  
The unit of trading shall be 27,500 board feet. 
 
6302.C. 
Price Increments 
Minimum price fluctuations shall be in multiples of $0.50 per thousand board feet (mbf). 
 
6302.D. 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits  
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits and daily price limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation and Daily 
Limits Table in the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
 
There shall be no price limit in the expiring month contract beginning on the first Business Day of 
the contract month. 
 
6302.E. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
 
6302.F. 
Termination of Trading 
Trading shall terminate on the Business Day immediately preceding the 16th calendar day of the 
contract month. Any contracts remaining open after the last day of trading must be either: 
(a) Settled by delivery; or 
(b) Liquidated by means of a bona fide Exchange for Related Positions pursuant to CME Rule 
538, no later than 5:45 p.m. CPT two Business Days prior to the 26th calendar day of the 
contract month. 
6302.G. 
Transfers of Cash for Lumber 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 6 
The cash merchandise transferred for Lumber Futures after termination of trading may only be 
deliverable species dimension lumber with variances for grade/size and tally; provided, however, 
that the quantities transferred both before and after termination of trading are comparable to the 
quantities specified in the futures contract and provided further, that there is an unconditional 
transfer of title to the buyer of the cash and the seller of the futures contract evidenced by, at a 
minimum, payment for the cash merchandise. 
 
The shipment or transfer of the cash merchandise should be delivered to a destination normally 
used by the buyer or one that is common to the cash market.  The buyer must retain ownership of 
the transferred product for personal use or resale to his customers and may not resell the product 
either directly or indirectly to the original seller. 
 
6303. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
In addition to the procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall specifically apply to 
the delivery of Lumber Futures. 
 
6303.A. Delivery  
All remaining open positions on two (2) Business Days prior to the 26th calendar day of the 
contract month will be matched for Exchange delivery on the Business Day prior to the 26th 
calendar day of the contract month.  
 
Delivery shall be made in a railcar by a producing mill and delivered to a location within the 
Chicago Switching District. Title to each delivered unit of lumber shall pass to the buyer upon 
buyer’s receipt of documentation supplied at the final destination within the Chicago Switching 
District.  
 
The delivery will be considered complete when delivery and any final payments are completed.  
 
Exchange delivery shall be made in increments of four (4) contracts by both sellers and buyers. 
Any final positions going into delivery in an increment different from four (4) contracts will be 
assessed a penalty of $5,000 per party (seller or buyer) payable to the Clearing House. 
 
6303.B. Responsibilities of Clearing Members  
1. 
Notice of Intention to Accept  
Clearing Members having open long positions shall provide the Clearing House with a Notice 
of Intention to Accept delivery by 12:00 p.m. the Business Day prior to the 26th of the contract 
month providing number of contracts, customer and any other information required by the 
Exchange. 
 
2. 
Notice of Intention to Deliver  
Clearing Members having open short positions shall provide the Clearing House with a Notice 
of Intention to Deliver by 12:00 p.m. the Business Day prior to the 26th of the contract month 
providing number of contracts, lumber species, customer and any other information required 
by the Exchange. 
 
3. 
Initial Payment 
The buyer’s Clearing Member, on behalf of the buyer, shall deposit with the Clearing House no 
later than 10:00 a.m. on the Business Day following assignment initial funds in an amount 
equal to 27.5 times the settlement price on the last day of trading in the contract month. 
 
4. 
Delivery Destination 
Upon receipt from the Exchange to Clearing Members of an assignment notice, Buying or 
Selling Clearing Members shall obtain from buyers or sellers delivery instructions and submit 
to the Clearing House by 4:00 p.m. two (2) Business Days following receipt of an assignment 
notice in a form as prescribed by the Clearing House. 
 
5. 
Tally and Delivery Information 
By 4:00 p.m., within one (1) Business Day after acceptance by the railroad, the seller’s 
Clearing Member shall receive from the seller and submit to the Clearing House a uniform 
straight bill of lading (or a copy thereof), tallies and any other documentation specifying grade, 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 6 
car number, piece count by length, unit size, total board footage, date of acceptance and any 
other information required by the Exchange. The date of acceptance by the railroad is the date 
of the bill of lading, signed and/or stamped by the originating carrier, except when determined 
otherwise by the Clearing House. 
 
 
6. 
Delivery Notice and Confirmation  
By 4:00 p.m., within one (1) Business Day of buyer’s receipt of lumber, the buyer’s Clearing 
Member shall receive from the buyer and submit to the Clearing House in a form prescribed by 
the Exchange the delivery (received) date and any amendments to tally details along with final 
documentation specifying the lumber species received, car number, final tallies including piece 
count by length, unit size, total board footage and any other information required by the 
Exchange.  
 
7. 
Payment 
Final payment will be made on the basis of the exact quantity delivered.  Any additional funds 
due from buyers and sellers once delivery has been completed shall be due to the Clearing 
House no later than 10:00 a.m. on the Business Day following delivery confirmation.  
 
6303.C. Seller’s Duties  
1. 
Delivery Destination 
If the delivery between a buyer and seller is not in increments of four (4) contracts on each 
side, the seller will designate a transload or reload facility within the Chicago Switching District 
and provide delivery destination details to the buyer and to the Clearing House by 4:00 p.m. 
within two (2) Business Days of the receipt of Notice of Intent. The seller’s Clearing Member 
shall receive from the seller and submit to the Clearing House, within two (2) Business Days of 
receipt of the Notice of Intent, shipping instructions to include the full address of the transload 
or reload facility within the Chicago Switching District, contact name, telephone number, rail 
line and any other information required by the Exchange. 
 
The seller shall ensure their designated facility within the Chicago Switching District has all 
information required by the facility. 
 
Amendments to delivery destination details are allowed prior to shipment and upon mutual 
agreement between the buyer and seller.  
 
2. 
Shipment 
The seller shall follow the shipping instructions within ten (10) Business Days after receipt of 
such instructions.   
 
3. 
Tally and Delivery Information 
By 4:00 p.m., within one (1) Business Day after acceptance by the railroad the seller must 
provide to their Clearing Member a uniform straight bill of lading (or a copy thereof), tallies and 
any other documentation specifying grade, car number, piece count by length, unit size, total 
board footage, date of acceptance and any other information required by the Exchange. The 
date of acceptance by the railroad is the date of the bill of lading, signed and/or stamped by 
the originating carrier, except when determined otherwise by the Clearing House. 
 
If the seller fails to fulfill any of the aforementioned duties within the prescribed time, penalties will 
be assessed by the Clearing House in accordance with the current penalty schedule.  
The delivery shall reach the destination within the Chicago Switching District by the last Business 
Day of the calendar month following the contract month.     
 
6303.D. Buyer's Duties  
1. Initial Payment 
On behalf of buyer(s) assigned a notice of intent, the buyer’s Clearing Member shall deposit with 
the Clearing House no later than 10:00 a.m. on the Business Day following assignment initial funds 
in an amount equal to 27.5 times the settlement price on the last day of trading in the contract 
month. 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 4 of 6 
2. Delivery Destination  
If the delivery is assigned between a buyer and seller and is in increments of four (4) contracts on 
each side, the buyer will designate a delivery destination within the Chicago Switching District and 
provide shipping instructions to the seller and to the Clearing House by 4:00 p.m. within two (2) 
Business Days of the receipt of Notice of Intent. The buyer’s Clearing Member shall receive from 
the buyer and submit to the Clearing House, within two (2) Business Days of receipt of the Notice 
of Intent, shipping instructions, to include the full address of the delivery destination within the 
Chicago Switching District, contact name, telephone number and any other information required by 
the Exchange. 
 
The buyer shall ensure their designated facility within the Chicago Switching District has all 
information required by the facility, including contact and payment information.  
 
Amendments to delivery destination details are allowed prior to shipment and upon mutual 
agreement between the buyer and seller. 
 
4. 
Delivery Confirmation 
By 4:00 p.m., within one (1) Business Day of receipt of the delivery into the designated facility or 
the transload or reload designated by the seller or buyer, the buyer shall provide to the buyer’s 
Clearing Member documentation providing the receipt date, final tally details including piece count 
by length, unit size, and total board footage and any other information required by the Exchange. 
 
6303.E. 
Payment  
Final payment will be made on the basis of the exact quantity delivered. After a delivery is 
confirmed, additional funds are due by Clearing Members on behalf of buyers and sellers by 10:00 
a.m. one (1) Business Day following delivery confirmation.  
 
Upon the fulfillment of the delivery and receipt of final payments due, the Clearing House shall 
transfer to the seller the amount due, payment to be made in U.S. dollars.  
 
Any related government duties, fees and charges shall be the responsibility of the seller.   
 
6304. 
PAR DELIVERY AND SUBSTITUTIONS 
6304.A. 
Par Delivery  
Delivery shall be made in a railcar from a producing mill.  The delivery unit must be loaded at the 
on-site siding of the producing mill or, if a mill normally uses an off-site location for rail loading 
because rail access does not exist, then a delivery unit may be loaded on track at that designated 
off-site location by the producing mill.  The unit must be shipped on a uniform straight bill of lading 
and the mill number must be noted on the bill of lading.  A single delivery unit must be delivered 
from the same mill.  Mills are limited to one location for purposes of delivery and, if off-site, must 
receive approval of the site from the Exchange prior to making delivery from that location. 
 
The lumber shall be wrapped in paper, poly or their industry recognized equivalents and loaded on 
a flat car. All lumber delivered shall include only pieces produced directly from logs or mill run 
rough lumber, with no pre-sorting for grade prior to planing. Remanufactured pieces made from 
previously planed lumber are not acceptable for delivery. 
 
1. 
Size  
A delivery unit shall be 27,500 board feet of random length 2x4's, provided the tally is within 
the following limits: 
 
 
 
 
Percent of Total 
 
Length 
Board Feet Delivered 
 
 
 
8' 
 
 3% to 10% 
 
 
10' 
 
 5% to 12% 
 
 
12' 
 
 10% to 20% 
 
 
14' 
 
 10% to 24% 
 
 
16' 
 
 35% to 60% 
 
 
18' 
 
 0% to 15% 
 
 
20' 
 
 0% to 15% 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 5 of 6 
16' + 18' + 20' 
 
 45% to 60% 
 
The lumber shall be double end trimmed, surfaced four sides, eased edge and of minimum 
dressed dimensions, as specified in Voluntary Product Standard 20-94, American Softwood 
Lumber Standard, published by the United States Department of Commerce, or any 
subsequent revisions (hereinafter referred to as PS 20) or its Canadian equivalent (CSA 
O141). The lumber must be stamped by an agency accredited by either the Canadian Lumber 
Standards Accreditation Board or the American Lumber Standard Committee. 
 
The tally (i.e., "piece count by length") reported to the Clearing House by the seller’s Clearing 
Member on behalf of the seller must meet the specifications of this Rule. If the seller's actual 
tally does not meet the specifications of this Rule, the seller may adjust the reported tally, as 
described below, to bring the reported tally into conformance with these specifications.  If the 
reported tally is adjusted to meet contract specifications, the seller’s Clearing Member on 
behalf of the seller must provide the Clearing House with both the actual tally and the adjusted 
tally. 
 
If the Clearing House must adjust a seller's reported tally or if the reported tally does not agree 
with the actual tally (actual wood received), the seller shall be charged with fines/penalties in 
accordance with the current penalty schedule. 
 
If the reported tally cannot be adjusted to meet contract specifications, or if the actual tally 
does not meet specifications and cannot be adjusted to meet specifications, the delivery unit 
may be rejected by the buyer.  The seller would then be required to reship and be 
fined/penalized in accordance with the current penalty schedule. 
 
Delivery units (actual and reported tally) may be adjusted to meet contract specifications by 
deleting one or more banded units or individual pieces from the delivery unit, as long as such 
deletion does not cause the balance of the lumber to become inconsistent with any other rule 
in the Lumber contract.  If lumber is deleted from the delivery unit in order to meet tally 
specifications, the buyer shall retain title to such lumber but shall not be billed for either the 
lumber which is to be disregarded or for the freight associated with it.  A seller may not meet 
contract specifications by "pencil trimming" of lengths (e.g., assuming that a 20' piece is only 
an 18' piece).  In addition, if a seller cannot meet tally specifications by deleting banded units 
or individual pieces, or if they cannot meet total board footage specifications even though tally 
specifications are met, the seller will be required to ship another load and be subject to 
appropriate fines, penalties and/or damages. 
 
2. 
Packaging  
The lumber shall be unitized; that is, banded.  In addition, all units shall contain lumber of 
equal lengths, except 18 foot and 20 foot lengths which may be banded together.  The units 
shall be individually wrapped in paper, poly or their industry recognized equivalents. 
 
3. 
Quality 
The lumber shall meet the requirements of PS 20 or CSA O141 and shall comply with the 
requirements for inspection and reinspection of an agency accredited by the American Lumber 
Standards committee and/or Canadian Lumber Standards Accreditation Board. 
 
4. 
Moisture Content 
The moisture content of each piece shall not exceed 19% as determined by moisture meter 
readings in accordance with the "Standard Method of Tests for Moisture Content of Wood," 
ASTM International (formerly, American Society for Testing and Materials), D4442-20. 
 
5. 
Marking 
All pieces shall be grade marked with the registered symbol of an accredited agency 
recognized by the American Lumber Standard Committee and/or the Canadian Lumber 
Standards Accreditation Board.  All pieces shall be marked with the mill name and/or 
association identification number, grade, seasoning and species according to the stamping 
requirements of the accredited agency, and shall meet all other requirements of state and 
federal law. 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 6 of 6 
6304.B. 
Variations in Quantity  
Variations in quantity of the delivery unit between 26,000 and 29,000 board feet shall be permitted 
without penalty, but payment shall be made on the basis of the exact quantity delivered. 
 
6305. 
INSPECTIONS  
Inspection shall conform to PS 20 or CSA O141 and any other requirements that may thereafter be 
promulgated under PS 20 or CSA O141.  Inspection service and compliance shall be subject to the 
customer lumber industry practice. 
 
In case of claim on grade, moisture content, tally or manufacture, the buyer shall demand 
reinspection through the Clearing House to an agency accredited by the American Lumber 
Standard Committee and/or the Canadian Lumber Standards Accreditation Board.  Findings of the 
reinspection shall be final and binding upon the buyer and seller. 
 
6306. 
ASSOCIATED COSTS AND PENALTIES/FINES 
The following penalties or fines will apply. 
 
 
Cause 
 
Penalty / Fine 
A. 
Materially incomplete, late, or 
erroneous shipping instructions 
after two (2) Business Days upon 
receipt of Notice of Intent. 
 
$200 per Business Day (assessed 
against the responsible party and 
payable to the counterparty). 
B. 
Failure by the seller to properly 
follow shipping instructions within 
ten (10) Business Days after 
receipt of instructions. 
 
$500 per Business Day (assessed 
against the seller and payable to 
buyer). 
C. 
Failure by a buyer or seller to 
submit required/prescribed 
documentation to the Clearing 
House by the deadlines set forth in 
the Rules.  
 
$150 per Business Day and per 
contract (assessed against the 
responsible party) and payable to 
the Clearing House. 
D. 
Incomplete, erroneous or material 
adjustment to delivery forms. 
 
$150 per contract (assessed 
against the responsible party and 
payable to the Clearing House). 
E.  
Final positions that go into Delivery 
in an increment outside of four (4) 
contracts.  
 
$5,000 per delivery period and per 
buyer or seller (assessed against 
the responsible party and payable 
to the Clearing House).  
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 63A 
Options on Lumber Futures 
 
63A00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to options on Lumber futures.  In addition to this chapter, 
options on Lumber Futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange 
insofar as applicable. 
 
For purposes of these rules, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Central Prevailing Time (CPT). 
 
63A01. 
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS 
63A01.A. 
Contract Months and Trading Hours  
Options contracts shall be listed for such contract months and scheduled for trading during such 
hours as may be determined by the Exchange. 
 
63A01.B. 
Trading Unit 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy, in the case of the call, or to sell, in the case of the put, 
one (1) Lumber Futures contract as specified in Chapter 63. 
 
63A01.C. 
Minimum Price Fluctuation  
The price of an option shall be quoted in dollars per thousand board feet (mbf).  The minimum price 
fluctuation (also known as tick) shall be in multiples of $.10 per mbf.   
 
63A01.D. 
Underlying Futures Contract  
1. 
 Options in the Regular Cycle  
For regular-cycle options, the underlying futures contract is the corresponding futures contract.  For 
example, the underlying futures contract for the January option contract is the January futures 
contract.  
 
2. 
 Options Not in the Regular Cycle  
For options that expire in months other than those in the regular cycle, the underlying futures 
contract is the next futures contract in the regular cycle that is nearest to the expiration of the 
option.  For example, the underlying futures contract for the February option contract is the March 
futures contract.  
 
63A01.E. 
Exercise and Exercise Prices  
Transactions and exercise of options shall be conducted for option contracts as set forth in the 
Strike Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table. 
 
The Exchange may modify the procedure for the introduction of strike prices as it deems 
appropriate in order to respond to market conditions. 
 
63A01.F. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
 
63A01.G. 
Termination of Trading  
1. 
Options in the Regular Cycle 
Options trading shall terminate on the last scheduled Business Day of the month prior to the 
delivery month of the underlying futures contract.  In the event that the underlying futures market 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 2 
does not open on the scheduled Expiration Day, the option expiration shall be extended to the next 
Business Day on which the underlying futures market is open for trading. 
 
2. 
Options Not in the Regular Cycle 
Options trading shall terminate on the last scheduled Business Day of the month prior to the option 
contract month.  In the event that the underlying futures market does not open on the scheduled 
Expiration Day, the option expiration shall be extended to the next Business Day on which the 
underlying futures market is open for trading. 
 
63A02. 
ASSIGNMENT 
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to 
the assignment of Lumber options. 
 
Exercise Notices accepted by the Clearing House shall be assigned through a process of random 
selection to Clearing Members with open short positions in the same series.  A Clearing Member to 
which an Exercise Notice is assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as practicable after such 
notice is assigned by the Clearing House, but not later than 45 minutes prior to the opening of 
trading in the underlying futures contract on the following Business Day. 
 
The Clearing Member assigned an Exercise Notice shall be assigned a short position in the 
underlying futures contract if a call was exercised or a long position if a put was exercised.  The 
Clearing Member representing the option buyer shall be assigned a long position in the underlying 
futures contract if a call was exercised and a short position if a put was exercised. 
 
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of the option and 
shall be marked to market in accordance with Rule 814 on the Trading Day of acceptance by the 
Clearing House of the Exercise Notice. 
 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 1 of 11 
Chapter 101 
Live Cattle Futures 
 
 
10100.   
SCOPE OF CHAPTER  
This chapter is limited in application to Live Cattle futures. In addition to this chapter, Live Cattle futures 
shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable.  
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate 
Chicago time.  
 
  
 
10101.   
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
 
 
Each futures contract shall be for 70% Choice, 30% Select, Yield Grade 3 live steers or live heifers, as 
defined by the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) "Official United States Standards for 
Grades of Slaughter Cattle", or producing 70% Choice, 30% Select, Yield Grade 3 steer or heifer 
carcasses, as defined by "Official United States Standards for Grades of Carcass Beef".  All cattle must 
be born and raised exclusively in the United States and delivering sellers must sign an Exchange affidavit 
attesting that the cattle were born and raised in the United States.  The affidavit is to be considered part 
of the Certificate of Delivery and must accompany the Certificate at all times.  
 
 
 
10102.   
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS  
 
 
10102.A. Trading Schedule  
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and delivery in such months as may 
be determined by the Exchange.  
10102.B. Trading Unit 
 
The unit of trading shall be 40,000 pounds producing 70% Choice, 30% Select grade live steers or live 
heifers.  
10102.C. Price Increments  
Minimum price fluctuations shall be by multiples of $.00025 per pound.  
10102.D. Daily Price Limits  
Daily price limits for Live Cattle futures are reset annually on the first trading day in June based on the 
following: Daily settlement prices are collected for the nearest June contract over 45 consecutive trading 
days before and including the last trading day in April (Last Trade Date of the nearest April contract). The 
average price is calculated based on the collected settlement prices and then multiplied by 4.25 percent. 
The resulting number rounded down to the nearest $0.0025 per pound, or $0.040 per pound, whichever 
is higher, will be the new initial price limits for Live Cattle futures and will become effective on the first 
trading day in June and will remain in effect through the last trading day in May of the following year.  
There shall be no trading in Live Cattle futures at a price more than the price limit above or below the 
previous day’s settlement price. Should any Live Cattle futures contract month within the first four listed 
contract months subject to price limits settle at limit, or should any Feeder Cattle futures contract month 
within the first four listed contract months subject to price limits settle at its limit, the daily price limits for 
all contract months shall increase on the next business day by 50 percent, rounded down to the nearest 
$0.0025 per pound.  
If none of the first four listed contract months for Live Cattle and Feeder Cattle futures contracts subject 
to price limits settle at a price change equal to or greater than their respective initial price limits on the 
next business day, daily price limits for all contract months shall revert back to the initial price limit on the 
following business day. During the last two days of trading, the expiring contract month shall be excluded 
from triggering expanded limits. 
During the last two trading days in the expiring contract month, the daily price limit shall be equal to the 
expanded price limit above or below the previous day’s settlement price. All other contract months remain 
subject to an initial or expanded price limit pursuant to the provisions set forth above. 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 2 of 11 
If an expiring Live Cattle futures contract settles at its price limit on the day prior to the last trading day, 
the price limit for an expiring Live Cattle futures contract on the last trading day shall be two times the 
expanded price limit. 
10102.E. Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels  
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set forth 
in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5.  
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to the 
Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion.  
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions 
from the specified position limits.  
10102.F. [Reserved] 
10102.G. [Reserved]  
10102.H. Termination of Trading  
Trading shall terminate on the last Business Day of the contract month.  
10102.I. [Reserved] 
 
 
 
 
 
10103.   
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
 
 
 
10103.A. Sources and Calculation of Adjustment Factors  
Quality grade adjustments for all delivery units will make use of the live weight equivalent of the Choice-
Select boxed beef spread calculated from information reported by USDA (in $/cwt.) for the day of tender 
in the National Daily Boxed Beef Cutout and Boxed Beef Cuts – Negotiated Sales – Afternoon report. 
This is referred to hereafter as the Live Equivalent Choice-Select Spread (LECSS) and is computed by 
subtracting the “Selected Boxed Beef Cut-Out Value” from the “Choice Boxed Beef Cut-Out Value” and 
multiplying that result by 0.0063.  If the USDA National Daily Boxed Beef Cutout and Boxed Beef Cuts – 
Negotiated Sales – Afternoon report for the day of tender is unavailable, the most recently issued report 
on or prior to the day a Certificate is tendered shall serve as the source of information for calculating the 
quality grade adjustments for all delivery units. 
The USDA By-Product Drop Value report for the day of tender shall serve as the source of information 
for calculating the condemned liver factor used in carcass-graded deliveries. The condemned liver factor 
shall equal the reported liver value (in $/cwt.) multiplied by -0.01. If the USDA By-Product Drop Value 
report for the day of tender is unavailable, the most recently issued report on or prior to the day a 
Certificate is tendered shall serve as the source of information for calculating the condemned liver factor 
used in carcass-graded deliveries. 
In addition, quality grade, yield grade and carcass weight adjustments will make use of factors calculated 
from values reported by USDA (in $/cwt.) in the 5-Area Weekly Weighted Average Direct Slaughter Cattle 
– Premiums and Discounts report. The Prime, Standard, Yield Grade 1, Yield Grade 2, Yield Grade 4, 
Yield Grade 5, 400-500 lbs., 500-550 lbs, 550-600 lbs., 900-1000 lbs., 1000-1050 lbs. and over 1050 lbs. 
factors are calculated by multiplying the reported weighted average for the corresponding category by 
0.0063. If a quality grade or yield grade is broken into subcategories on this report, then the factor for that 
quality or yield grade shall be the simple average of all reported averages for the subcategories in that 
category multiplied by 0.0063. The most recently issued report on or prior to the day a Certificate is 
tendered shall be used to calculate the factors for that delivery unit. When a Certificate is tendered on the 
same day that a new report is issued that new report shall be used in factor calculation regardless of the 
time of day that the report is released.  
The sub-Standard factor shall equal -25% of the tender day settlement price.  
Should the USDA determine that an error exists in any of the reports used to calculate adjustment factors 
and subsequently issues a corrected report, that corrected report shall be used in place of the original.  
10103.B. Live Graded Deliveries  


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 3 of 11 
1. Delivery Days  
Delivery may be made on any Business Day of the contract month, and the first eleven Business Days in 
the succeeding calendar month, provided a Certificate has been tendered as prescribed in Rule 10104.A., 
except that live graded deliveries may not be made prior to the ninth Business Day following the first 
Friday of the contract month and may not be made on Christmas Eve nor made on New Year’s Eve.  
2. Seller's Duties  
On the day of delivery, the seller shall promptly furnish the buyer a USDA Livestock Acceptance 
Certificate which shall include pen number, number of head, net weight of cattle, quality grade, estimated 
average hot yield, and estimated yield grade. The seller may not deliver a load that includes any steer or 
heifer that has been part of an Exchange physical delivery within the current delivery period. 
Delivering sellers must comply with all federal and Exchange policies concerning any affidavit that may 
be required for delivery of cattle. 
Delivery of heifers requires delivering sellers to sign an Exchange affidavit attesting that the heifers have 
been given an approved estrus-suppressing progestin additive. This affidavit is to be considered part of 
the Certificate of Delivery and must accompany the Certificate at all times. 
Delivery of heifers requires delivering sellers to sign an Exchange affidavit attesting that the heifers have 
been administered an approved open heifer protocol. This affidavit is to be considered part of the 
Certificate of Delivery and must accompany the Certificate at all times. 
3. Payment  
Upon the seller's fulfillment of the delivery in accordance with all conditions of the contract herein set forth, 
the Clearing House shall release the retained funds to the seller. Title to each delivered unit shall pass to 
the buyer when the delivered unit is placed in the buyer's holding pen.  
4. Par Delivery and Substitutions  
a. Par Delivery Unit. A par delivery unit is 40,000 pounds of USDA estimated Yield Grade 3, 70% Choice, 
30% Select quality grade live steers or live heifers, with no individual animal weighing less than 1,050 
pounds or more than 1,500 pounds and no individual heifer weighing less than 1,050 pounds or more 
than 1,350 pounds. A delivery unit must consist entirely of steers or entirely of heifers.   
Par delivery units shall have an estimated average hot yield of 63%.  
All cattle contained in a delivery unit shall be healthy. No cattle which are unmerchantable, such as 
crippled, sick, obviously damaged or bruised, or which for any reason do not appear to be in satisfactory 
condition to withstand shipment by truck shall be deliverable. No cattle showing a predominance of dairy 
breeding or showing a prominent hump on the forepart of the body shall be deliverable. Animals deemed 
to be heiferettes, cows or bred heifers shall not be deliverable. Such determinations shall be made by the 
grader and shall be binding on all parties.  
b. Weight Deviations. Steers weighing less than 1,050 pounds or more than 1,600 pounds shall not be 
deliverable. Steers weighing more than 1,500 pounds but less than or equal to 1,575 pounds shall be 
deliverable at an adjustment equal to the 900-1000 lbs. factor described in Rule 10103.A., multiplied by 
the average live weight of the delivery unit. Steers weighing more than 1,575 pounds but less than or 
equal to 1,600 pounds shall be deliverable at an adjustment equal to the 1000-1050 lbs. factor described 
in Rule 10103.A., multiplied by the average live weight of the delivery unit. Heifers weighing less than 
1,050 pounds or more than 1,350 pounds shall not be deliverable. The judgment of the grader as to the 
number of such overweight or underweight cattle in the delivery unit shall be final and shall be so certified 
on the grading certificate.  
c. Yield Deviations. Delivery units with an estimated average hot yield over or under 63% shall be 
deliverable with an adjustment computed by dividing the estimated hot yield by 63% (the par hot yield), 
subtracting 1, multiplying the result by the settlement price, and then multiplying by the total live weight 
of the delivery unit. Units with an estimated average hot yield of less than 60% shall not be deliverable 
d. Yield Grade Deviations.  Animals with an estimated yield grade of 3 are deliverable at par. Each animal 
with an estimated yield grade of 1, 2, 4 or 5 shall receive a per pound adjustment equal to the 
corresponding factors described in Rule 10103.A. Per animal yield grade adjustments shall be calculated 
by multiplying the per pound adjustment by the average live weight of the delivery unit.  


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 4 of 11 
e. Quality Grade Deviations. Delivery units composed of 70% USDA Choice grade steers or heifers and 
30% USDA Select grade steers or heifers are deliverable at par. 
All animals in a delivery unit shall receive a quality grade adjustment computed from the factors described 
in Rule 10103.A. The Live Equivalent Choice-Select Spread (LECSS) and other factors are defined in 
Rule 10103.A. Per pound quality grade adjustments shall be as follows:  
USDA Prime: +0.30 x LECSS + Prime factor USDA Choice: +0.30 x LECSS USDA Select: -0.70 x LECSS 
USDA Standard: +0.30 x LECSS + Standard factor Below USDA Standard: +0.30 x LECSS + Standard 
factor + sub-Standard factor.  
The per animal quality grade adjustment shall be calculated by multiplying the per pound quality grade 
adjustment by the average live weight of the delivery unit.  
f. Quantity Deviations. Variations in quantity of a delivery unit not in excess of 5% of 40,000 pounds shall 
be permitted at the time of delivery, with appropriate adjustment to reflect delivered weight but with no 
further penalty.  
g. Delivery Points and Allowances. A delivery of live beef cattle shall be made at approved livestock yards 
in the following territories: 
A. Colorado – par delivery shall be made at any approved livestock yard in the state of Colorado. 
B. Iowa / Minnesota / South Dakota – Deliveries of live beef cattle shall be made at a discount of 
$1.50/cwt during October contract months and at par in all other contract months at any 
approved livestock yard in the states of Iowa, Minnesota, or South Dakota. 
C. Kansas – par delivery shall be made at any approved livestock yard in the state of Kansas. 
D. Nebraska – par delivery shall be made at any approved livestock yard in the state of Nebraska. 
E. Texas / Oklahoma / New Mexico – par delivery shall be made at any approved livestock yard in 
the states of Texas, Oklahoma, or New Mexico. 
h. Payment for Deviations. For the purpose of computing adjustments resulting from deviations from the 
par delivery unit the settlement price at the time the Certificate is tendered by the clearing member 
representing the seller will be used.  
5. Procedures and Standards for Grading, Estimating Yield and Weighing  
a. Time for Grading. To be eligible for delivery, cattle must be confined in a secured pen at an approved 
livestock yard prior to 9:00 a.m. local time on the day of delivery. Grading and weighing shall be done on 
the day of delivery unless more deliveries are indicated than can be conveniently graded and weighed on 
the intended delivery day. In such case the President may allow grading and weighing after 2:00 p.m. 
local time on the day preceding delivery. The buyer must be notified within an hour after the cattle are in 
his holding pen that the delivery intended for him for the following day has been graded, weighed and 
sealed in his holding pen.  
b. Grading and Estimating Yield. Seller shall deliver his cattle to a livestock yard approved by the 
Exchange and surrender the cattle for Exchange delivery by consigning the lot to a duly licensed, 
registered and bonded livestock commission firm. The cattle shall be identified in a manner satisfactory 
to the USDA grader and placed in holding pens.  
If, on preliminary examination, the lot of cattle appears to be healthy, merchantable and in good condition, 
the USDA grader shall grade the cattle, estimate the average hot yield (dressing percentage) and estimate 
the yield grade, and shall record same on the USDA Livestock Acceptance Certificate along with the 
weights taken by the approved livestock yards company. Graders shall also record on the grading 
certificate the number of head and the pen number of the holding pen which has been sealed pending 
delivery to the buyer.  
c. Weighing. Weighing shall be done within one hour following the completion of grading. The cattle must 
stand without feed but shall receive water during the interval between 9:00 a.m. and grading. However, 
in no event shall the cattle receive feed or water during the interval between grading and weighing.  
Weighing shall be done by the approved livestock yards company on officially approved scales and 
recorded on the official scale ticket or official weight sheets which shall show total net weight and number 
of head of cattle, lot number and/or pen number and the date weighed. After grading and weighing, the 
cattle shall be sealed in a holding pen.  
6. Delivery Invoice  


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 5 of 11 
After grading and weighing, the USDA shall notify the Exchange of the results, from which the Exchange 
shall promptly prepare its Delivery Invoice incorporating the pen number, number of head, net weight, 
quality grade, estimated average hot yield, estimated yield grade, date of receipt of cattle and date of 
USDA grading. The Delivery Invoice shall be promptly delivered to the buyer and seller. Upon receipt, the 
USDA Livestock Acceptance Certificate shall be forwarded to the clearing member representing the 
buyer.  
7. Cost of Grading and Weighing  
All yardage costs, including driving of livestock, feeding, bedding, weighing, insurance and any other 
required services up to and including weighing shall be borne by the seller in accordance with the 
published rates as set forth in the tariff of the livestock yard. The seller shall also bear the costs of grading 
and documentation, which will be established annually by the Exchange.  
Any charges accruing after delivery by seller to the buyer's holding pen shall be borne by the buyer.  
8. Penalties  
If, in the opinion of the USDA grader, the seller fails to present a load of steers or heifers that are suitable 
for delivery on the date and the place specified in the Certificate of Delivery, and the delivery cannot be 
completed, the seller shall be penalized $.030 per pound each Business Day, payable to the Exchange, 
until proper delivery is made. 
If, in the opinion of the USDA grader, the grading process is unnecessarily slowed down because of the 
seller’s failure to present steers or heifers which have been properly sorted prior to arrival at the delivery 
point livestock yards, but delivery can be completed, the seller shall be penalized $.015 per pound. This 
penalty shall be payable to the Exchange and will not be paid to the long. 
If, in the opinion of the USDA grader, the buyer or his agent delay, disrupt, question the judgement, or 
otherwise interfere with the delivery process in any manner, the buyer shall be penalized $.030 per pound 
on each delivery unit delivered to the buyer, payable to the Exchange.  
In these and all other delivery matters, the determination of the USDA grader shall be final and binding 
on all parties. 
10103.C. Carcass Graded Deliveries  
1. Conditions  
A buyer assigned a Certificate of Delivery may call for delivery of the cattle to an approved slaughter plant 
corresponding to the livestock yards designated in the Certificate, or to any other approved slaughter 
plant within 225 road miles of the feedlot from which the cattle originate. For the purposes of Chapter 101, 
a feedlot shall be defined as any location where cattle are confined to a pen and provided access to feed 
and water including, but not limited to, commercial feeding operations, farmer feeding operations and 
livestock yards.  
Final grading will reflect actual carcass results. If the buyer elects carcass grading, slaughter shall not 
occur prior to the third Business Day following the buyer’s notification of the CME Clearing House. The 
Clearing House must be notified by 10:00 a.m. on the third Business Day prior to the day of slaughter of 
the buyer's election of carcass grading, the approved slaughter plant and slaughter day, and whether the 
buyer consents to a Large Lot Delivery Unit if elected by the seller under Rule 10103.C.5.f.  
Upon arrival at the slaughter plant, cattle must be allowed access to water.  
2. Delivery Days  
Delivery may be made on any Business Day  of the contract month on which the approved slaughter plant 
selected by the buyer is in operation, and on the first  eleven Business Days in the succeeding calendar 
month, provided a Certificate has been tendered as prescribed in Rule 10104.A., and provided proper 
notification has been given to the Clearing House as prescribed in Rule 10103.C.1., except that carcass 
graded deliveries may not be made prior to the  fifth Business Day following the first Friday of the contract 
month. 
3. Seller's Duties  
On the third Business Day prior to the day of slaughter, the Clearing House will notify the seller of the 
buyer's election of carcass grading, the approved slaughter plant selected by the buyer, the day of 
slaughter selected by the buyer and representatives of the approved slaughter plant, and whether the 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 6 of 11 
buyer consents to a Large Lot Delivery Unit if elected by the seller under Rule 10103.C.5.f. The seller 
shall be responsible for contacting representatives of the slaughter plant to coordinate arrival time and 
time of slaughter. The cattle shall be scheduled to arrive between 6:00 a.m. and 6:00 p.m. local time on 
the day of slaughter. The seller shall be responsible for transportation to the slaughter plant. The seller 
shall notify the Clearing House of the agreed upon arrival time by 3:00 p.m. on the second Business Day 
prior to slaughter. The seller may not deliver a load that includes any steer or heifer that has been part of 
an Exchange physical delivery within the current delivery period. 
Delivering sellers must comply with all federal or Exchange policies concerning any affidavit that may be 
required for delivery of cattle.  
Delivery of heifers requires delivering sellers to sign an Exchange affidavit attesting that the heifers have 
been given an approved estrus-suppressing progestin additive. This affidavit is to be considered part of 
the Certificate of Delivery and must accompany the Certificate at all times. 
Delivery of heifers requires delivering sellers to sign an Exchange affidavit attesting that the heifers have 
been administered an approved open heifer protocol. This affidavit is to be considered part of the 
Certificate of Delivery and must accompany the Certificate at all times. 
4. Payment  
Upon the seller's fulfillment of delivery to the slaughter plant selected by the buyer and Clearing House 
receipt of visual grading results, the Clearing House shall release 90% of the funds to the seller. 
Remaining funds will be released to the seller upon the completion of final carcass grade and yield results. 
Title to each delivered unit shall pass to the buyer when the delivered unit is weighed and placed in a 
holding pen for slaughter at the approved slaughter plant selected by the buyer.  
5. Par Delivery and Substitutions.  
a. Par Delivery Unit. A par delivery unit, shipped to an approved slaughter plant designated by the buyer, 
shall be 40,000 pounds of live steers or live heifers which produce Yield Grade 3, 70% Choice, 30% 
Select grade carcass beef, with no individual carcass weighing less than 600 pounds or more than 900 
pounds. A delivery unit must consist entirely of steers or entirely of heifers. 
Par delivery units shall have an actual average hot yield of 63%.  
All cattle contained in a delivery unit shall be healthy. Cattle which are unmerchantable, such as crippled, 
sick, obviously damaged or bruised, or which for any reason do not appear to be in satisfactory condition 
to enter normal fresh meat marketing channels shall be excluded. No cattle showing a predominance of 
dairy breeding or showing a prominent hump on the forepart of the body shall be deliverable.  
For carcass graded deliveries only, a “prominent hump on the forepart of the body” shall be defined as a 
hump on a live animal which, when measured on the resulting carcass, is expected to exceed 2 inches in 
height when measured from a line formed by the extension of the top line (including the fat) and measuring 
the lean muscle (excluding the fat) perpendicular to that line in the center of the hump. Any animal(s) with 
a hump estimated to exceed 2 inches when measured in this manner shall be excluded from the delivery 
unit. If the delivered live weight falls below the 5% tolerance as specified in Rule 10103.C.5.f, the seller 
is responsible for replacing the removed animal(s) until the minimum live weight is achieved.  
Such determinations shall be made by USDA personnel and shall be binding on all parties. All resulting 
carcasses must be merchantable. Carcasses which are not suitable to enter normal fresh meat marketing 
channels will be excluded from the delivery unit.  
b. Weight Deviations. Resulting carcasses weighing less than 500 pounds  shall be deliverable at a per 
pound adjustment equal to the 400-500 lbs factor described in Section 10103.A. Resulting carcasses 
weighing 500 pounds but less than 550 pounds shall be deliverable at a per pound adjustment equal to 
the 500-550 lbs factor described in Section 10103.A. Resulting carcasses weighing more than or equal 
to 550 pounds but less than 600 pounds shall be deliverable at a per pound adjustment equal to the 550-
600 lbs. factor described in Section 10103.A. Resulting carcasses weighing more than 900 pounds but 
less than or equal to  1000 pounds shall be deliverable at a per pound adjustment equal to the 900-1000 
lbs. factor described in Section 10103.A. Resulting carcasses weighing more than 1000 pounds but less 
than or equal to 1050 pounds shall be deliverable at a per pound adjustment equal to the  1000-1050 lbs. 
factor described in Section 10103.A. Resulting carcasses weighing more than 1050 pounds shall be 
deliverable at a per pound adjustment equal to the over 1050 lbs factor described in Section 10103.A. 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 7 of 11 
The per animal carcass weight adjustment shall equal the per pound adjustment multiplied by the average 
live weight of the delivery unit.  
c. Yield Deviations. Delivery units with an actual average hot yield over or under 63% shall be deliverable 
with an adjustment computed by dividing the actual hot yield by 63% (the par hot yield), subtracting 1, 
multiplying the result by the settlement price, and then multiplying by the total live weight of the delivery 
unit.  
d. Yield Grade Deviations. Yield grade 3 carcasses are deliverable at par. Each carcass with a yield grade 
of 1, 2, 4 or 5 shall receive a per pound adjustment equal to the corresponding factor described in Rule 
10103.A. Per animal yield grade adjustments shall be calculated by multiplying the per pound adjustment 
by the average live weight of the delivery unit.  
e. Quality Grade Deviations. Delivery units resulting in 70% USDA Choice grade carcasses and 30% 
USDA Select grade carcasses are deliverable at par. All gradeable carcasses in a delivery unit shall 
receive a quality grade adjustment computed from the factors described in Rule 10103.A. The Live 
Equivalent Choice-Select Spread (LECSS) and other factors are defined in Rule 10103.A. Per pound 
quality grade adjustments shall be as follows:  
USDA Prime: +0.30 x LECSS + Prime factor USDA Choice: +0.30 x LECSS USDA Select: -0.70 x LECSS 
USDA Standard: +0.30 x LECSS + Standard factor Below USDA Standard: +0.30 x LECSS + Standard 
factor + sub-Standard factor. 
Carcasses with hardbone or dark cutter characteristics shall be deliverable at per pound adjustments in 
accordance with USDA grading procedures and equal to the quality grade factors described in Section 
10103.A. 
Carcasses deemed ungradeable with respect to quality grade by the USDA shall receive a per pound 
quality grade discount equal to 25% of the settlement price. The per animal quality grade adjustment shall 
be calculated by multiplying the per pound quality grade adjustment by the average live weight of the 
delivery unit.  
f. Quantity Deviations. Variations in quantity of a delivery unit not in excess of 5% of 40,000 pounds of 
live weight at the approved slaughter plant shall be permitted at the time of delivery, with appropriate 
adjustment to reflect delivered weight but with no further penalty.  
The seller shall be responsible for sorting the cattle into deliverable units prior to arrival at the slaughter 
plant, with each unit weighing between 38,000 pounds and 42,000 pounds and meeting the other 
specifications of the contract, except for Large Lot Delivery Units as described in the following paragraph. 
Any cattle delivered to a slaughter plant in excess of 42,000 pounds, or which do not otherwise meet the 
specifications of the contract, shall not be considered part of the delivery unit, and the seller shall be 
responsible for merchandising those additional and/or undeliverable cattle.  
Delivery cattle from Certificates of Intent that were tendered to the same delivery point on the same date 
by one seller and are subsequently assigned to a single buyer may be grouped together for processing 
at the slaughter plant if both the buyer and seller consent. These Large Lot Delivery Units may not exceed 
a size of ten contracts. The par delivered live weight of Large Lot Delivery Units shall be 40,000 pounds 
times the number of contracts included in the Large Lot Delivery Unit. A 5% variance in this par delivered 
weight shall be allowed without penalty. For Large Lot Delivery Units only, the seller shall be relieved of 
the requirement that cattle be sorted into units weighing between 38,000 and 42,000 pounds prior to 
arrival at the slaughter plant.  
g. Other Deviations. If one or more of the carcasses is condemned or is unacceptable for entry into normal 
fresh marketing channels (for reasons such as measles), than each such carcass shall not be considered 
as part of the delivery unit. If a carcass is removed from the delivery unit for reasons stated above, the 
total carcass weight will reflect only those carcasses acceptable for delivery, and the total delivered live-
weight shall be reduced by the average live weight times the number of carcasses removed. In the event 
that the total live weight falls below the 5% tolerance as specified in Rule 10103.C.5.f. as a result of the 
condemnation, for each removed carcass an amount equal to either 1) the par value of an animal at the 
average live weight per head of the delivery unit, or 2) the average dollar value of the remaining carcasses 
in the delivery unit, whichever is greater, shall be credited to the buyer.  
Excess trimming required due to injection site abscesses or other carcass defects will reduce the total 
delivered carcass weight, and the resulting hot yield.  


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 8 of 11 
Liver condemnations in excess of 20% are the liability of the seller. To determine the maximum number 
of allowable liver condemnations in a par delivery unit, the number of head in the delivery unit shall be 
multiplied by 0.20 and the result rounded to the nearest integer. For each liver in excess of the maximum 
allowable, a discount equal to the condemned liver factor (described in Rule 10103.A.) multiplied by the 
average live weight of the delivery unit shall be applied.  
If, after title to the delivery unit has passed from the seller to the buyer, an animal is condemned or 
otherwise becomes unacceptable for slaughter due to reasons clearly beyond the control of the seller 
(e.g., a broken leg caused by a fall after the pen has been sealed), that animal shall be removed from the 
delivery unit. An amount equal to either 1) the par value of an animal at the average live weight per head 
of the delivery unit, or 2) the average dollar value of the remaining animals in the delivery unit, whichever 
is greater, shall be credited to the seller.  
If, after title to the delivery unit has passed from the seller to the buyer, a carcass is condemned, heavily 
trimmed, or altered in any manner such that the value of the carcass is adversely affected due to reasons 
clearly beyond the control of the seller (e.g., a carcass that falls off the chain or rail and onto the floor), 
that carcass shall be removed from the delivery unit. An amount equal to either 1) the par value of an 
animal at the average live weight per head of the delivery unit, or 2) the average dollar value of the 
remaining carcasses in the delivery unit, whichever is greater, shall be credited to the seller.  
If, after title to the delivery unit has passed from the seller to the buyer, any carcass data required to 
perform the delivery calculations cannot be obtained for one or more carcasses due to reasons clearly 
beyond the control of the seller (e.g., the approved slaughter facility fails to hold carcasses for regrade), 
each such carcass shall be deemed Choice when the final quality grading results cannot be obtained; 
Yield Grade 3 when the actual yield grade results cannot be obtained; 63% or the average hot yield of 
the remaining carcasses in the delivery unit, whichever is greater, when the actual hot yield cannot be 
obtained.  
h. Delivery Points and Allowances. Buyers electing carcass grading must specify an approved slaughter 
plant enumerated by the Exchange. Eligible slaughter plants include those enumerated for the livestock 
yards to which the cattle were tendered, and any other approved slaughter plant that is within 225 road 
miles of the originating feedlot. A delivery of carcass graded beef cattle shall have originally been tendered 
to an approved livestock yard in the following territories: 
A. Colorado – par delivery of carcass graded beef cattle may have originally been tendered to any 
approved livestock yard in the state of Colorado. 
B. Iowa / Minnesota / South Dakota – delivery of carcass graded beef cattle at a discount of 
$1.50/cwt during October contract months and at par in all other contract months may have 
originally been tendered to any approved livestock yard in the states of Iowa, Minnesota, or 
South Dakota.  
C. Kansas – par delivery of carcass graded beef cattle may have originally been tendered to any 
approved livestock yard in the state of Kansas. 
D. Nebraska – par delivery of carcass graded beef cattle may have originally been tendered to any 
approved livestock yard in the state of Nebraska. 
E. Texas / Oklahoma / New Mexico – par delivery of carcass graded beef cattle may have originally 
been tendered to any approved livestock yard in the states of Texas, Oklahoma, or New Mexico. 
i. Payment for Deviations. For the purpose of computing adjustments resulting from deviations from the 
par delivery unit the settlement price at the time the Certificate is tendered by the clearing member 
representing the seller will be used.  
6. Procedures and Standards for Grading, Determining Yield and Weighing  
a. Time for Arrival and Visual Inspection. Cattle shall arrive at the time agreed upon by the seller and the 
approved slaughter plant. Weighing and visual inspection of the cattle by USDA Meat Grading Service 
Personnel to ensure general conformance with the contract shall be done at the time of delivery. After 
completion of weighing and visual inspection, cattle will be placed in a holding pen as a unit prior to 
slaughter. Identity of the delivery unit shall be maintained in a manner satisfactory to the USDA Meat 
Grader, and shall include sealing the holding pen with a numbered seal, and recording the seal number 
and the plant-assigned sequential lot number of the delivery unit.  


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 9 of 11 
b. Grading and Determining Yield. Approved slaughter plants normally grading after one Business Day 
must hold carcasses falling in the top third of any quality grade except Prime for re-grading two Business 
Days after slaughter. Approved slaughter plants normally grading after two Business Days may hold 
carcasses falling in the top third of any quality grade except Prime for re-grading three Business Days 
after slaughter. Final grade and yield results must be completed within three Business Days of slaughter.  
c. Weighing. The weight at the slaughter plant will be used as the live delivery weight and for purposes of 
calculating the resulting hot yield. If, in the judgment of the USDA Meat Grader, one or more of the 
animal(s) in the load do not generally conform with the contract specifications, the objectionable animal(s) 
will be removed from the delivery unit. If the delivered live weight falls below the 5% tolerance as specified 
in Rule 10103.C.5.f, the seller is responsible for replacing removed animal(s) until the minimum live weight 
is achieved.  
Weighing shall be done promptly upon arrival at the slaughter plant. USDA Meat Grading Service 
Personnel will supervise weighing by slaughter plant employees, and shall record total net weight and 
number of head of cattle, lot number and/or pen number and the date weighed. After weighing, the cattle 
shall be sealed in a holding pen prior to slaughter.  
7. Delivery Notice  
Final grading results must be completed within three Business Days after the day of slaughter. The USDA 
Meat Grader shall notify the Exchange of the results, from which the Exchange shall promptly prepare its 
Delivery Invoice incorporating the lot number, number of head, net live weight, quality grade, actual 
average hot yield, yield grade, date of delivery to the slaughter plant, and date of final USDA grading. The 
Delivery Invoice shall be promptly delivered to the buyer and seller. Upon receipt, the USDA Carcass 
Grading Results Certificate shall be forwarded to the clearing member representing the buyer.  
8. Cost of Grading, Weighing, and Transportation  
Death loss, feed and yardage, and all other costs are the responsibility of the seller until the cattle are 
delivered to the slaughter plant selected by the buyer. The buyer will be assessed a standard freight rate 
per mile for each additional mile the cattle are hauled over and above the distance between the feedlot 
and the livestock yards to which the seller originally tendered the cattle, and this freight assessment will 
be paid to the seller. The standard freight rate per mile will be established annually by the Exchange. The 
seller shall be responsible for the cost of visual inspection and weighing upon arrival at the slaughter 
plant. Any additional costs of carcass grading shall be borne by the buyer.  
9. Penalties  
If, in the opinion of the USDA Meat Grader, the seller fails to present the required quantity of deliverable 
cattle to the slaughter plant on the date and time specified by the buyer, the seller shall be penalized 
$0.015 per pound each Business Day, payable to the Exchange, until proper delivery is made.  
In these and all other delivery matters, the determination of the USDA Meat Grader shall be final and 
binding on all parties. 
 
10104.  
PROCEDURES FOR TENDER, DEMAND, RETENDER, RECLAIM, AND ASSIGNMENT OF 
CERTIFICATES OF DELIVERY  
 
 
10104.A. Tendering a Certificate  
A clearing member representing a short may present a Certificate of Delivery (on a form prescribed by 
the Clearing House) to the Clearing House no later than 3:00 p.m. on any Business Day except that 
Certificates may not be tendered:  
1. On or before the first Friday of the contract month; and  
2. After 12:00 p.m. on the business day following the Last Trade Date.  
A Certificate of Delivery is a commitment to deliver cattle conforming with contract specifications at the 
delivery point designated in the Certificate, or at a corresponding approved slaughter plant selected by 
the buyer, if the Certificate is not reclaimed. A Certificate presented prior to the Last Trade Date of the 
contract month requires delivery on the eighth Business Day that is also a delivery day following the 
tender of that Certificate, if the buyer elects live grading.   
If the seller tenders on or after the Last Trade Date, the Certificate shall require delivery on a business 
day chosen by the seller that is between the eighth Business Day and the eleventh Business Day following 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 10 of 11 
the Last Trade Date as prescribed by Rule 10103.B.1. If the seller is unable to obtain clearance from an 
approved livestock yard to make live delivery between Business Days eight through eleven following Last 
Trade Date, the seller shall request extension from the Exchange and if granted, delivery may occur no 
later than the 14th Business Day after Last Trade Date. 
If live graded delivery would occur on either Christmas Eve or New Year’s Eve, then live graded delivery 
shall occur on the following Business Day.  
If the buyer elects carcass grading and the Certificate was presented prior to the Last Trade Date of the 
contract month, delivery shall be at the option of the buyer on any Business Day the slaughter plant is in 
operation between the fourth Business Day and the eighth Business Day, inclusive, following tender of 
that Certificate.  
If the seller tenders on or after the Last Trade Date and the buyer elects carcass-graded delivery, the 
slaughter shall take place on a Business day chosen by the buyer between the fourth Business Day and 
the eleventh Business Day, inclusive, following tender of that Certificate as prescribed by Rule 10103.C.2. 
If the seller was granted extension by the Exchange when tendering, the buyer may choose slaughter to 
take place between the fourth Business Day of the succeeding calendar month and the Business Day for 
which the extension was granted, inclusive, no later than the 14th Business Day after Last Trade Date. 
A Certificate must include the name, location, business address, and telephone number of the feedlot 
from which the cattle originate. A Certificate must also include: (1) the distance between the feedlot and 
the livestock yards to which the cattle are tendered for delivery; (2) the distance between the feedlot and 
the approved slaughter plants corresponding to the livestock yards to which the cattle are tendered for 
delivery; (3) any other approved slaughter plants within 225 road miles of the feedlot and the distances 
to such approved slaughter plants and (4) whether steers or heifers will be delivered.  
The seller is responsible for determining, in advance of tendering a Certificate, if the delivery point 
livestock yards will be able to accommodate a live-graded delivery on an eligible Business Day. If the 
buyer requests a live-graded delivery which the livestock yards is unable to accommodate, then this will 
be deemed a failure by the seller to present a load of cattle for USDA grading under Rule 10103.B.8. In 
addition, the Exchange may prohibit deliveries on certain days for certain locations at which it deems 
deliveries would not be feasible due to auctions or other activities.  
10104.B. Posting 
By 3:05 p.m. the Clearing House shall post a list of the tendered and retendered Certificates specifying 
delivery points and accrued retender charges. Demand Notices and Reclaim Notices may be presented 
only for Certificates which are included on the list.  
10104.C. Demand Notice  
A clearing member representing a long may present a Demand Notice for the purpose of securing priority 
in the assignment of a Certificate of Delivery. The following rules govern Demand Notices:  
1. The Demand Notice shall be presented to the Clearing House (on a form prescribed by the Clearing 
House) by 3:30 p.m. on any Business Day on which Certificates are tendered or retendered.  
2. The Demand Notice shall specify: the date the long position was established, the buyer's choice (if 
any) for delivery points, the buyer’s choice (if any) for the gender of the cattle and the minimum amount 
of accrued retender changes acceptable to the buyer.  
3. A Certificate assigned to a Demand Notice may not be retendered.  
4. A Demand Notice which is not assigned a Certificate on the day of presentment is void.  
10104.D. Retender  
A clearing member representing a long that is assigned a Certificate may retender that Certificate. The 
following rules govern retender:  
1. A Certificate may only be retendered twice. A long that has been assigned a Certificate which has been 
retendered twice must take delivery.  
2. A Certificate that has been assigned to a Demand Notice may not be retendered.  
3. A Certificate may not be retendered after the last Trading Days of the contract month.  
4. A long assigned a Certificate must establish a short position in the delivery month and notify the 
Clearing House of retender by 3:00 p.m. on the Business Day following assignment.  


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 11 of 11 
5. The retendering long will be assessed a retender charge of $.01 per pound ($400 per contract). The 
retender charges accrue to the Certificate and are payable to the long exercising the Certificate or to the 
reclaiming short.  
10104.E. Reclaim  
A clearing member representing a short that has tendered a Certificate may reclaim that Certificate upon 
the first or second retender if there is no Demand Notice issued for that Certificate.  
The reclaiming short must have established a long position in the contract month and must issue a 
Reclaim Notice (on a form prescribed by the Clearing House) to the Clearing House by 3:30 p.m. on the 
day the Certificate is retendered.  
10104.F. Assignment of Certificates  
The Clearing House shall assign Certificates and notify the clearing member representing the long on the 
day of tender or retender. Assignments shall be made in the following order:  
1. Newly-tendered Certificates and retendered Certificates shall be assigned to Demand Notices which 
specify delivery points, gender and retender charges which match those of the Certificate. In the case of 
duplication, the Certificate shall be assigned to the Demand Notice submitted by the long with the oldest 
long position. In the case of Demand Notices with long positions established on the same date, the time 
the Demand Notice was submitted to the Clearing House will determine priority.  
2. Retendered Certificates which have not been assigned to Demand Notices will be assigned to Reclaim 
Notices, if any.  
3. Retendered Certificates and newly-tendered Certificates which have not been demanded or reclaimed 
will be assigned to long positions by matching the Certificates having the largest retender charges with 
the oldest long positions.  
10104.G. Payments for Tender and Retender  
1. All payment shall be by wire transfer of funds or by certified or cashier's check presented to the  
Clearing House. 
2. Payment for an assigned Certificate must be submitted to the Clearing House by 12:00 noon on the 
Business Day after a tendered or retendered Certificate is assigned. The assignee shall submit payment 
equal to the settlement price on the day of assignment less accrued retender charges and any applicable 
delivery location premiums/discounts, times the par weight, 40,000 pounds.  
3. Payment received for a newly-tendered Certificate shall be retained by the Clearing House until the 
Certificate is reclaimed or until cattle conforming with contract specifications are delivered.  
4. The Clearing House shall remit payment received for a retendered Certificate to the retenderer by the 
close of business on the Business Day following the day of retender. 
10105.   
[RESERVED]  
 
(End Chapter 101)  
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES RELATING TO CHAPTER 101 
In response to the regulations issued on January 12, 2004 by the United States Department of Agriculture, Food 
Safety and Inspection Service (“USDA-FSIS”), in Docket No. 03-025IF, and supplemented in USDA FSIS Notice 05-
04, issued on January 12, 2004, any and all cattle aged 30 months or more are not deliverable for either live or 
carcass delivery pursuant to Rules 10103.B. and 1010 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
 
Chapter 101A 
Options on Live Cattle Futures 
 
101A00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to options on Live Cattle futures.  In addition to this chapter, 
options on Live Cattle futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange 
insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
101A01. 
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS 
101A01.A. 
Contract Months and Trading Hours  
Options contracts shall be listed for such contract months and scheduled for trading during such 
hours as may be determined by the Exchange. 
101A01.B. 
Trading Unit 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy, in the case of the call, or to sell, in the case of the put, 
one Live Cattle futures contract as specified in Chapter 101. 
101A01.C. 
Minimum Fluctuations  
The price of an option shall be quoted in cents per pound.  Minimum price fluctuations shall be in 
multiples of $.00025 per pound (also known as one tick).  A trade may occur at a price of $.000125 
per pound ($5.00, also known as one-half tick), whether or not it results in the liquidation of 
positions for both parties to the trade. 
101A01.D. 
Underlying Futures Contract  
1. Options in the February Bi-Monthly Cycle 
For monthly options that expire in the February bi-monthly cycle (i.e., February, April, June, August, 
October and December), the underlying futures contract is the futures contract for the month in 
which the option expires. For example, the underlying futures contract for an option that expires in 
February is the February futures contract.  
2. Options in the January Bi-Monthly Cycle 
For monthly options that expire in months other than those in the February bi-monthly cycle (i.e., 
January, March, May, July, September, and November), the underlying futures contract is the next 
futures contract in the February bi-monthly cycle that is nearest to the expiration of the option. For 
example, the underlying futures contract for an option that expires in January is the February 
futures contract. 
101A01.E. 
Exercise and Exercise Prices  
Transactions and exercise of options shall be conducted for option contracts as set forth in the 
Strike Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table. 
101A01.F. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable 
Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
101A01.G. 
[Reserved] 
101A01.H. 
[Reserved] 
101A01.I. 
Termination of Trading  
1. Options in the January or February Bi-Monthly Cycle 
Options trading shall terminate on the first Friday of the contract month. If that Friday is not a 
Business Day, then trading shall terminate on the immediately preceding Business Day. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
 
101A01.J. 
[Reserved]  
101A02. 
ASSIGNMENT 
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to 
the assignment of Live Cattle options. 
Exercise Notices accepted by the Clearing House shall be assigned through a process of random 
selection to clearing members with open short positions in the same series.  A clearing member to 
which an Exercise Notice is assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as practicable after such 
notice is assigned by the Clearing House, but not later than 45 minutes prior to the opening of 
trading in the underlying futures contract on the following Business Day. 
The clearing member assigned an Exercise Notice shall be assigned a short position in the 
underlying futures contract if a call was exercised or a long position if a put was exercised.  The 
clearing member representing the option buyer shall be assigned a long position in the underlying 
futures contract if a call was exercised and a short position if a put was exercised. 
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of the option and 
shall be marked to market in accordance with Rule 814 on the Trading Day of acceptance by the 
Clearing House of the Exercise Notice. 
101A03. 
[RESERVED] 
101A04. 
[RESERVED] 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
 
 
Chapter 101B 
Options on Live Cattle Futures Calendar Spreads 
 
101B00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to options on Live Cattle futures calendar spreads.  In addition to 
this chapter, options on Live Cattle futures calendar spreads shall be subject to the general rules and 
regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
101B01. 
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS  
101B01A.  
Contract Months and Trading Hours  
Options contracts shall be listed for such contract months and scheduled for trading during such hours 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
101B01B.  
Trading Unit 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy, in the case of the call, or to sell, in the case of the put, one 
Live Cattle futures calendar spread. A Live Cattle futures calendar spread consists of a combination of a 
purchase in one futures contract month and a sale in another futures contract month. A call calendar 
spread option is the equivalent of a long position in a nearer futures contract and a short position in a 
deferred futures contract. A put calendar spread option is the equivalent of a short position in a nearer 
futures contract and a long position in a deferred futures contract.  
101B01C.  
Minimum Fluctuations 
The price of an option shall be quoted in cents per pound. Minimum price fluctuations shall be in 
multiples of $.00025 per pound (also known as one tick). A trade may also occur at a price of $.000125 
per pound ($5.00, also known as one-half tick), whether or not it results in the liquidation of positions for 
both parties to the trade. 
101B01D.  
Underlying Futures Contracts 
The underlying futures contracts are the futures contract for the month in which the option expires and 
the corresponding futures contract month in that combination. For example, the underlying futures 
contracts for a February-April calendar spread option are the February futures contract and the April 
futures contract. 
101B01E.  
Exercise and Exercise Prices 
Transactions and exercise of options shall be conducted for option contracts as set forth in the Strike 
Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table. 
101B01F.  
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set 
forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & 
Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to 
the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions 
from the specified position limits. 
101B01G.  
[Reserved] 
101B01H.  
[Reserved] 
101B01I.  
Termination of Trading 
Options trading shall terminate on the first Friday of the delivery month of the nearby futures contract. If 
that Friday is not a Business Day, then trading shall terminate on the immediately preceding Business 
Day. 
101B01J.  
[Reserved]  
 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
 
 
101B02. 
ASSIGNMENT 
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to the 
assignment of Live Cattle options on calendar spreads. 
Exercise Notices accepted by the Clearing House shall be assigned through a process of random 
selection to clearing members with open short positions in the same series. A clearing member to which 
an Exercise Notice is assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as practicable after such notice is 
assigned by the Clearing House, but not later than 45 minutes prior to the opening of trading in the 
underlying futures contract on the following Business Day. 
The clearing member assigned an Exercise Notice shall be assigned a short position in the underlying 
nearer futures contract and a long position in the underlying distant futures contract if a call was 
exercised or a long position in the underlying nearer contract and a short position in the underlying 
distant contract if a put was exercised. The clearing member representing the option buyer shall be 
assigned a long position in the underlying nearer futures contract and a short position in the underlying 
distant futures contract if a call was exercised and a short position in the underlying nearer contract and 
a long position in the underlying distant contract if a put was exercised. 
All such futures positions shall be assigned at prices as follows: the nearby futures contract shall be 
assigned at the settlement price and the distant futures contract shall be assigned at a price equal to 
the settlement price of the nearby futures contract minus the exercise price of the option and shall be 
marked to market in accordance with Rule 814 on the Trading Day following acceptance by the Clearing 
House of the Exercise Notice.  
101B03. 
[RESERVED] 
 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 1 of 3 
 
Chapter 102 
Feeder Cattle Futures 
10200. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Feeder Cattle futures.  In addition to this chapter, Feeder Cattle 
futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate 
Chicago time. 
10201. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS  
Each futures contract shall be valued at 50,000 pounds times the CME Feeder Cattle Index™. 
10202. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
 
10202.A.  
Trading Schedule 
 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for final settlement in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
10202.B. 
Trading Unit  
The unit of trading shall be 50,000 pounds of feeder steers. 
10202.C. 
Price Increments 
Minimum price fluctuations shall be in multiples of $.00025 per pound. 
10202.D. 
Daily Price Limits 
Daily price limits for Feeder Cattle futures are reset annually on the first trading day in June based on the 
price limit levels for Live Cattle futures (see CME Rulebook Chapter 10102.D. Daily Price Limits). Initial 
daily price limits for Feeder Cattle futures are set at 1.25 times the initial daily price limit level for Live 
Cattle futures, rounded down to the nearest $0.0025 per pound.  
There shall be no trading in Feeder Cattle futures at a price more than the price limit above or below the 
previous day’s settlement price. Should any Feeder Cattle or Live Cattle futures contract month within the 
first four listed contracts subject to price limits settle at its initial limit, the daily price limits for all contract 
months shall increase by 50 percent on the next business day, rounded down to the nearest $0.0025 per 
pound. 
If none of the first four listed Feeder Cattle and Live Cattle contract months subject to price limits settle at 
a price change equal to or greater than the initial price limit on the next business day, daily price limits for 
all contract months shall revert back to the initial price limit on the following business day. 
If at the end of trade on the day prior to last trade day for an expiring Feeder Cattle futures contract, the 
CME Feeder Cattle Index differs from the settlement price of the expiring Feeder Cattle futures contract 
by an increment that exceeds the initial price limit (if under initial price limits), or if the CME Feeder Cattle 
Index differs from the settlement price of the expiring Feeder Cattle futures contract by an increment that 
exceeds the expanded price limit (if under expanded price limits), the price limits on the last trading day 
for the expiring Feeder Cattle futures contract shall be two times the expanded price limit. 
10202.E. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set forth 
in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to the 
Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions 
from the specified position limits. 
10202.F. 
[Reserved] 
10202.G. 
[Reserved] 
10202.H. 
Termination of Trading  
Trading shall terminate on the last Thursday of the contract month, except: 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 2 of 3 
 
1. 
The November contract shall terminate on the Thursday prior to Thanksgiving Day, unless a holiday 
falls on that Thursday or on any of the four weekdays prior to that Thursday, in which case trading 
shall terminate on the first prior Thursday that is not a holiday and is not so preceded by a holiday.  
Weekdays shall be defined as Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday. 
2. 
Any contract month in which a holiday falls on the last Thursday of the month or on any of the four 
weekdays prior to that Thursday shall terminate on the first prior Thursday that is not a holiday and 
is not so preceded by a holiday. 
10202.I. 
[Reserved] 
10203. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
 
10203.A. 
Final Settlement 
There shall be no delivery of feeder cattle in settlement of this contract.  All contracts open as of the 
termination of trading shall be cash settled based upon the CME Feeder Cattle Index™ for the seven 
calendar days ending on the day on which trading terminates. 
1. 
The Sample 
The CME Feeder Cattle Index™ is based upon a sample of transactions from these weight/frame score 
categories:  700 to 899 pound Medium and Large Frame #1 feeder steers, and 700 to 899 pound Medium 
and Large Frame #1-2 feeder steers. 
The sample consists of all feeder cattle auction, direct trade, video sale, and Internet sale transactions 
within the 12-state region of Colorado, Iowa, Kansas, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, New Mexico, North 
Dakota, Oklahoma, South Dakota, Texas and Wyoming for which the number of head, weighted average 
price and weighted average weight are reported by the Agricultural Marketing Service of the USDA 
(USDA-AMS). 
All direct trade reports shall be considered to be Friday transactions. 
Multiple day sales, for which separate weighted average reports are not issued for each day or it is not 
evident from the reports issued what cattle sold on which day, shall be included in the sample as if all 
transactions occurred the final day of the sale. 
Saturday and Sunday sales shall be included in the sample as if all transactions occurred on Monday. 
Reports that are designated as "preliminary" shall not be included in the sample, and no transactions from 
that location shall be used until a final report is issued. 
Cattle identified in the report as having predominantly dairy, exotic or Brahma breeding; shall be excluded 
from the sample.  Transactions for cattle that are reported by USDA-AMS as having an origin outside of 
the United States shall be excluded from the sample.  Direct trade, video sale, and Internet sale 
transactions must be quoted on an FOB basis, 3% standing shrink or equivalent, with pickup within 14 
days to be included in the sample. 
2. 
The Calculation 
The procedure for calculating the CME Feeder Cattle Index™ is as follows: 
 
a. 
For each of the relevant weight/frame score categories in each report: 
 
i. 
the number of head is multiplied by the corresponding weighted average weight to obtain 
the total pounds sold in that weight/frame score category for that report; and 
 
ii. 
the number of head is multiplied by the corresponding weighted average weight, and the 
resulting product is then multiplied by the corresponding weighted average price, to obtain the 
total dollars sold in that weight/frame score category for that report. 
b. 
For each report: 
 
i. 
the total pounds sold in the relevant weight/frame score categories (i.e., the results from 
1.a., above) are aggregated to obtain the total pounds sold for that report; and 
 
ii. 
the total dollars sold in the relevant weight/frame score categories (i.e., the results from 1.b., 
above) are aggregated to obtain the total dollars sold for that report. 
c. 
For all reports covering relevant transactions that occurred within the same seven  
calendar 
day period: 
 
i. 
the total pounds (i.e., the results from 2.a., above) are aggregated to obtain the total pounds 
sold within the 12-state region during that seven calendar day period; and 
 
ii. 
the total dollars (i.e., the results from 2.b., above) are aggregated to obtain the total dollars 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 3 of 3 
 
sold within the 12-state region during that seven calendar day period. 
d. 
The total dollars sold within the 12-state region during that seven calendar day period (i.e., the 
result from 3.b., above) is divided by the total pounds sold within the 12-state region during that 
same seven calendar day period (i.e., the result from 3.a., above) to obtain the CME Feeder 
Cattle Index™. 
Should USDA price reporting be unavailable during any portion of the final settlement pricing timeframe, 
CME may utilize data compiled from futures market activity during that corresponding pricing timeframe 
to calculate the final settlement price. 
10203.B.- H. [Reserved] 
10204.-08. [RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 102) 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 102A 
Options on Feeder Cattle Futures 
 
102A00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to options on Feeder Cattle futures.  In addition to this chapter, 
options on Feeder Cattle futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the 
Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
102A01. 
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS 
102A01.A. 
Contract Months and Trading Hours  
Options contracts shall be listed for such contract months and scheduled for trading during such 
hours as may be determined by the Exchange. 
102A01.B. 
Trading Unit 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy, in the case of the call, or to sell, in the case of the put, 
one Feeder Cattle futures contract as specified in Chapter 102. 
102A01.C. 
Minimum Fluctuations  
The price of an option shall be quoted in cents per pound.  Minimum price fluctuations shall be in 
multiples of $.00025 per pound (also known as one tick).  A trade may also occur at a price of 
$.000125 per pound ($6.25, also known as one-half tick), whether or not it results in the liquidation 
of positions for both parties to the trade. 
102A01.D. 
[Reserved] 
102A01.E. 
Exercise and Exercise Prices  
Transactions and exercise of options shall be conducted for option contracts as set forth in the 
Strike Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table. 
102A01.F. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
102A01.G. 
 [Reserved] 
102A01.H. 
 [Reserved] 
102A01.I. 
Termination of Trading 
Options trading shall terminate on the same date and time as the underlying futures contract. 
102A01.J. 
[Reserved]  
102A02. 
ASSIGNMENT 
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to 
the assignment of Feeder Cattle options. 
Exercise Notices accepted by the Clearing House shall be assigned through a process of random 
selection to clearing members with open short positions in the same areas.  A clearing member to 
which an Exercise Notice is assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as practicable after such 
notice is assigned by the Clearing House, but not later than 45 minutes prior to the opening of 
trading in the underlying futures contract on the following Business Day. 
The clearing member assigned an Exercise Notice shall be assigned a short position in the 
underlying futures contract if a call was exercised or a long position if a put was exercised.  The 
clearing member representing the option buyer shall be assigned a long position in the underlying 
futures contract if a call was exercised and a short position if a put was exercised. 


 
 
 
 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of the option and 
shall be marked to market in accordance with Rule 814 on the Trading Day of acceptance by the 
Clearing House of the Exercise Notice. 
102A03. 
[RESERVED] 
102A04-29. [RESERVED] 
 


 
 
Chapter 152 
Lean Hog Futures 
15200. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Lean Hog futures.  In addition to this chapter, Lean Hog 
futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
15201. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS  
Each futures contract shall be valued at 40,000 pounds times the CME Lean Hog Index®.  
15202. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS  
15202.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for final settlement in such 
months as may be determined by the Exchange. 
15202.B. 
Trading Unit  
The unit of trading shall be 40,000 pounds of lean value hog carcasses. 
15202.C. 
Price Increments 
Minimum price fluctuations shall be in multiples of $.00025 per pound. 
15202.D. 
Daily Price Limits  
 Daily price limits for Lean Hog futures are reset annually on the first trading day in September 
based on the following: Daily settlement prices are collected for the nearest August contract over 
45 consecutive trading days before and including the tenth business day in July (Last Trade Date of 
the nearest July contract). The average price is calculated based on the collected settlement prices 
and then multiplied by 4.5 percent. The resulting number, or $0.03 per pound, whichever is higher, 
rounded down to the nearest $0.0025 per pound, will be the new initial price limits for Lean Hog 
futures and will become effective on the first trading day in September and will remain in effect 
through the last trading day in August of the following year. During the last two days of trading, the 
expiring contract month shall be excluded from triggering expanded limits.  
 There shall be no trading in Lean Hog futures at a price more than the initial price limit above or 
below the previous day’s settlement price. Should any Lean Hog futures contract month within the 
first eight listed contracts subject to price limits settle at limit, the daily price limits for all contract 
months shall increase by 50 percent the next business day, rounded down to the nearest $0.0025 
per pound. If none of the first eight listed Lean Hog contracts subject to price limits settles at a price 
change equal to or greater than the initial price limit on the next business day, daily price limits for 
all contract months shall revert back to the initial price limit the following business day. There shall 
be no price limits on the current month contract during the last two trading days.   
15202.E. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
15203. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES  
15203.A. 
Final Settlement 
There shall be no delivery of hogs in settlement of this contract.  All contracts open as of the 
termination of trading shall be cash settled based upon the CME Lean Hog Index® for the two–day 
period ending on the day on which trading terminates. 


 
 
1. 
The Sample 
The sample consists of all producer-sold negotiated, swine or pork market formula and negotiated 
formula barrows and gilts purchased on a lean value direct basis by packers for which the head 
count, average net price and average carcass weight are reported in the “National Daily Direct Hog 
Prior Day Report-Slaughtered Swine” released by the USDA. 
2. 
The Calculation  
The procedure for calculating the CME Lean Hog Index is as follows, using data reported on two 
consecutive weekdays.  
1.  The daily head count for negotiated transactions is multiplied by the corresponding daily 
average carcass weight to obtain the negotiated daily total weight; 
2.  The daily head count for swine or pork market formula transactions is multiplied by the 
corresponding daily average carcass weight to obtain the swine or pork market formula daily 
total weight; 
3. 
The daily head count for negotiated formula transactions is multiplied by the corresponding 
daily average carcass weight to obtain the negotiated formula daily total weight;  
4. 
The daily totals for negotiated weight (i.e., the result from 1. above), swine or pork market 
formula weight (i.e., the result from 2. above) and negotiated formula weight (i.e., the result 
from 3. above) are added to obtain the daily total weight; 
5. 
The daily total weights (i.e., the result from 4. above) for two consecutively reported days are 
aggregated to obtain the two–day total weight; 
6. 
The negotiated daily total weight (i.e., the result from 1. above) is multiplied by the 
corresponding daily average net price to obtain the negotiated daily total value; 
7. 
The swine or pork market formula daily total weight (i.e., the result from 2. above) is multiplied 
by the corresponding daily average net price to obtain the swine or pork market formula daily 
total value; 
8.  The negotiated formula daily total weight (i.e., the result from 3. above) is multiplied by the 
corresponding daily average net price to obtain the negotiated formula daily total value; 
9. 
The daily totals for negotiated value (i.e., the result from 6. above), swine or pork market 
formula value (i.e. the result from 7. above) and negotiated formula value (i.e., the result from 
8. above) are added to obtain the daily total value  
10. The daily total values (i.e., the result from 9., above) for two consecutively reported days are 
aggregated to obtain the two–day total value; and 
11. The two–day total value (i.e., the result from 10., above) is divided by the two–day total weight 
(i.e., the result from 5., above) to obtain the CME Lean Hog Index 
For the purposes of this rule, Friday of one week and Monday of the following week shall be 
considered to be consecutive weekdays. 
Also for the purposes of this rule, any days when the necessary data are not released by the USDA 
shall not be considered weekdays, in which case the first weekday immediately preceding and the 
first weekday immediately following such day(s) shall be considered two consecutive weekdays.  
Should USDA price reporting be unavailable during any portion of the final settlement pricing 
timeframe, CME may utilize data compiled from futures market activity during that corresponding 
pricing timeframe to calculate the final settlement price. 
15203.B. - H. 
Reserved] 
15204.-08. [RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 152) 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 152A 
Options on Lean Hog Futures 
 
152A00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to options on Lean Hog futures.  In addition to this chapter, 
options on Lean Hog futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange 
insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
152A01. 
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS  
152A01.A. 
Contract Months and Trading Hours  
Options contracts shall be listed for such contract months and scheduled for trading during such 
hours as may be determined by the Exchange. 
152A01.B. 
Trading Unit 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy, in the case of the call, or to sell, in the case of the put, 
one Lean Hogs futures contract as specified in Chapter 152.  
152A01.C. 
Minimum Fluctuations  
The price of an option shall be quoted in cents per pound.  Minimum price fluctuations shall be in 
multiples of $.00025 per pound (also known as one tick).  A trade may also occur at a price of 
$.000125 per pound ($5.00, also known as one-half tick), whether or not it results in the liquidation 
of positions for both parties to the trade. 
152A01.D. 
Underlying Futures Contract  
For regular-cycle options, the underlying futures contract is the futures contract for the month in 
which the option expires.  For example, the underlying futures contract for an option that expires in 
February is the February futures contract. 
152A01.E. 
Exercise and Exercise Prices  
Transactions and exercise of options shall be conducted for option contracts as set forth in the 
Strike Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table. 
152A01.F. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
152A01.G. 
[Reserved] 
152A01.H. 
[Reserved] 
152A01.I. 
Termination of Trading  
Options trading shall terminate on the same date and time as the underlying futures contract. 
152A01.J. 
[Reserved]  
152A02. 
ASSIGNMENT 
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to 
the assignment of Lean Hogs options. 
Exercise Notices accepted by the Clearing House shall be assigned through a process of random 
selection to clearing members with open short positions in the same series.  A clearing member to 
which an Exercise Notice is assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as practicable after such 
notice is assigned by the Clearing House, but not later than 45 minutes prior to the opening of 
trading in the underlying futures contract on the following Business Day. 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
The clearing member assigned an Exercise Notice shall be assigned a short position in the 
underlying futures contract if a call was exercised or a long position if a put was exercised.  The 
clearing member representing the option buyer shall be assigned along position in the underlying 
futures contract if a call was exercised and a short position if a put was exercised. 
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of the option and 
shall be marked to market in accordance with Rule 814 on the Trading Day of acceptance by the 
Clearing House of the Exercise Notice. 
 
152A03. 
[RESERVED] 
152A04.-29.[RESERVED] 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 156 
Pork Cutout Futures 
 
15600. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Pork Cutout futures.  In addition to this chapter, Pork Cutout 
futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
15601. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS  
Each futures contract shall be valued at 40,000 pounds times the CME Pork Cutout Index®. 
15602. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
15602.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for final settlement in such 
months as may be determined by the Exchange. 
15602.B. 
Trading Unit  
The unit of trading shall be 40,000 pounds of 215-pound, 55-56% lean pork carcasses with 0.55-0.70 
inches of back fat at the last rib or equivalent. 
15602.C. 
Price Increments 
Minimum price fluctuations shall be in multiples of $.00025 per pound. 
15602.D. 
Daily Price Limits  
Daily price limits for Pork Cutout futures are reset annually on the first trading day in September 
based on the following: Daily settlement prices are collected for the nearest August contract over 45 
consecutive trading days before and including the tenth business day in July (Last Trade Date of the 
nearest July contract). The average price is calculated based on the collected settlement prices and 
then multiplied by 5 percent. The resulting number, or $0.045 per pound, whichever is higher, 
rounded down to the nearest $0.0025 per pound, will be the new initial price limits for Pork Cutout 
futures and will become effective on the first trading day in September and will remain in effect 
through the last trading day in August of the following year. During the last five days of trading, the 
expiring contract month shall be excluded from triggering expanded limits.  
There shall be no trading in Pork Cutout futures at a price more than the initial price limit above or 
below the previous day’s settlement price. Should any Pork Cutout futures contract month within the 
first eight listed contracts subject to price limits settle at limit, or should any Lean Hogs futures 
contract month within the first eight listed contracts subject to price limits settle at limit, the daily price 
limits for all contract months shall increase by 50 percent the next business day, rounded down to 
the nearest $0.0025 per pound.  
If none of the first eight listed Pork Cutout contracts subject to price limits settles at a price change 
equal to or greater than the initial price limit the following business day, and if none of the first eight 
listed Lean Hogs contracts subject to price limits settles at a price change equal to or greater than 
the initial price limit the following business day, daily price limits for all contract months shall revert 
back to the initial price limit on the following business day. There shall be no price limits on the 
expiring contract month during the last five trading days.   
15602.E. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set 
forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
15602.F. 
[Reserved] 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 2 
15602.G. 
[Reserved] 
15602.H. 
Termination of Trading  
Trading shall terminate on the tenth Business Day of the contract month, 12:00 p.m. 
15602.I. 
[Reserved]  
15603. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES  
15603.A. 
Final Settlement 
There shall be no delivery of pork carcasses in settlement of this contract.  All contracts open as of 
the termination of trading shall be cash settled based upon the CME Pork Cutout Index® for the five–
day period ending on the day on which trading terminates. 
1. 
The Sample 
The sample consists of the daily estimates by the USDA of the value of a 215-pound, 55-56% lean 
pork carcasses, with 0.55-0.70 inches of back fat at the last rib or equivalent and is based upon 
negotiated wholesale prices being paid for sub-primal pork cuts. The information upon which the 
estimates are made and the resulting values are reported daily by the USDA in the “NATIONAL 
DAILY PORK REPORT FOB PLANT – Negotiated Sales – Afternoon (LM_PK602)”.     
2. 
The Calculation  
The procedure for calculating the CME Pork Cutout Index is as follows, using data reported on five 
consecutive weekdays.  
 
 
a. 
The most recent daily number of loads is multiplied by the corresponding daily carcass price 
to determine the daily value; 
b. 
The most recent daily value is added to the four previous consecutive daily values to 
determine the 5-day value; 
c. The most recent daily load count is added to the four previous consecutive daily load counts 
to determine the 5-day load count;  
d. 
The 5-day value (i.e. the result from b. above) is divided by the 5-day load count (i.e. the 
result from c. above) to obtain the CME Pork Cutout Index.  
 
 
For the purposes of this rule, Friday of one week and Monday of the following week shall be 
considered to be consecutive weekdays. 
Also for the purposes of this rule, any days when the necessary data are not released by the USDA 
shall not be considered weekdays, in which case the first weekday immediately preceding and the 
first weekday immediately following such day(s) shall be considered two consecutive weekdays.  
Should USDA price reporting be unavailable during any portion of the final settlement pricing 
timeframe, CME may utilize data compiled from futures market activity during that corresponding 
pricing timeframe to calculate the final settlement price. 
15603.B. - H. [Reserved] 
15604.-08. [RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 156) 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 156A 
Options on Pork Cutout Futures 
 
156A00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to options on Pork Cutout futures.  In addition to this chapter, 
options on Pork Cutout futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange 
insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
156A01. 
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS  
156A01.A. 
Contract Months and Trading Hours  
Options contracts shall be listed for such contract months and scheduled for trading during such 
hours as may be determined by the Exchange. 
156A01.B. 
Trading Unit 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy, in the case of the call, or to sell, in the case of the put, one 
Pork Cutout futures contract as specified in Chapter 156.  
156A01.C. 
Minimum Fluctuations  
The price of an option shall be quoted in cents per pound.  Minimum price fluctuations shall be in 
multiples of $.00025 per pound (also known as one tick).  A trade may also occur at a price of 
$.000125 per pound ($5.00, also known as one-half tick), whether or not it results in the liquidation 
of positions for both parties to the trade. 
156A01.D. 
Underlying Futures Contract  
For regular-cycle options, the underlying futures contract is the futures contract for the month in which 
the option expires.  For example, the underlying futures contract for an option that expires in February 
is the February futures contract. 
156A01.E. 
Exercise and Exercise Prices  
Transactions and exercise of options shall be conducted for option contracts as set forth in the Strike 
Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table. 
156A01.F. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set 
forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
156A01.G. 
[Reserved] 
156A01.H. 
[Reserved] 
156A01.I. 
Termination of Trading  
Options trading shall terminate on the same date and time as the underlying futures contract. 
156A01.J. 
[Reserved]  
156A02. 
ASSIGNMENT 
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to 
the assignment of Pork Cutout options. 
Exercise Notices accepted by the Clearing House shall be assigned through a process of random 
selection to clearing members with open short positions in the same series.  A clearing member to 
which an Exercise Notice is assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as practicable after such notice 
is assigned by the Clearing House, but not later than 45 minutes prior to the opening of trading in the 
underlying futures contract on the following Business Day. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 2 
The clearing member assigned an Exercise Notice shall be assigned a short position in the underlying 
futures contract if a call was exercised or a long position if a put was exercised.  The clearing member 
representing the option buyer shall be assigned along position in the underlying futures contract if a 
call was exercised and a short position if a put was exercised. 
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of the option and 
shall be marked to market in accordance with Rule 814 on the Trading Day of acceptance by the 
Clearing House of the Exercise Notice. 
156A03. 
[RESERVED] 
156A04.-29.[RESERVED] 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 204 
USD Malaysian Crude Palm Oil Calendar Futures 
 
20400. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to USD Malaysian Crude Palm Oil Calendar futures. In addition 
to this chapter, the contract shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange 
insofar as applicable.  
20401.  
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
20401.A. Trading Unit 
The unit of trade shall be 25 metric tons. 
20401.B. Hours 
The hours of trading for this contract shall be determined by the Exchange.  
20401.C. Minimum Price Increments 
Minimum price fluctuations shall be in multiples of USD $0.25 per metric ton which shall equal USD 
$6.25 per contract. Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis. 
20401.D. Trading Schedule 
The number of months in which trading may occur shall be at the discretion of the Exchange. 
20401.E. Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.  
 A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559. for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
20401.F. Last Trading Day 
The last trading day for the contract deliverable in the current delivery month shall be the final 
settlement day as prescribed in Rule 20405. 
20401.G. Liquidation during the Delivery Month 
After trade in the contract in the current delivery month has ceased, in accordance with Rule 
20401.F., outstanding contracts for such delivery shall be liquidated by cash settlement as 
prescribed in Rule 20402. 
20402.  
CASH SETTLEMENT 
Final settlement under these rules shall be on the final settlement day (as described in Rule 
20405.) and shall be accomplished by cash settlement. Clearing members holding open positions 
in the contract at the time of termination of trade shall make payment to and receive payment 
through the Clearing House in accordance with normal variation settlement procedures based on a 
settlement price equal to the final settlement price (as described in Rule 20403.). 
20403.  
FINAL SETTLEMENT PRICE  
The final settlement price shall be determined on the final settlement day. The final settlement price 
shall be the cumulative average of the settlement prices for the third forward month FCPO contract 
traded on the Bursa Malaysia Derivatives Berhad for each trading day in the contract month 
converted to USD and rounded to the nearest $0.25 using the Kuala Lumpur USD/MYR Reference 
Rate which appears on Thomson Reuters Screen MYRFIX02 Page at approximately 3:30 p.m. 
Kuala Lumpur time. 
For example, final settlement for a January contract month of the contract would be the cumulative 
average of the daily settlement prices for the third forward FCPO contract listed on the Bursa 
Malaysia Derivatives Berhad contract during the month of January, which in this example will 
comprise half of the March futures contract and half of the April futures contract, with the month roll 
determined by the Bursa Malaysia Derivatives Berhad listing and expiration cycle. These daily 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 2 
settlement prices are converted to USD and rounded to the nearest $0.25 using the Kuala Lumpur 
USD/MYR Reference Rate. 
20404.  
RESERVED 
20405.  
FINAL SETTLEMENT DAY 
The final settlement day shall be on the last CME business day of the contract month.  However, 
should there be a Bursa Malaysia Derivatives Berhad business day during the contract month that 
follows the last CME business day of the contract month, then final settlement shall be on the first 
CME business day of the month following the contract month. 
20406.  
DISCLAIMER 
CHICAGO MERCANTILE EXCHANGE INC. [“CME”] HAS BEEN AUTHORIZED BY BURSA 
MALAYSIA DERIVATIVES BERHAD TO USE BURSA MALAYSIA CRUDE PALM OIL FUTURES 
CONTRACT SETTLEMENT PRICES (“FCPO SETTLEMENT PRICES”) AS THE BASIS FOR 
SETTLING THE CONTRACT TRADED ON CME AND TO REFER TO THE FCPO SETTLEMENT 
PRICES IN CONNECTION WITH CREATING, MARKETING, LISTING, TRADING, CLEARING 
AND SETTLING THE CONTRACT. THE CONTRACT IS NOT IN ANY WAY SPONSORED, 
ENDORSED, SOLD OR PROMOTED BY BURSA MALAYSIA DERIVATIVES BERHAD AND 
BURSA MALAYSIA DERIVATIVES BERHAD HAS NO OBLIGATIONS OR LIABILITY IN 
CONNECTION WITH THE CREATION, MARKETING, TRADING, CLEARING, SETTLEMENT 
AND/OR PROMOTION OF ANY SUCH CONTRACTS. FCPO SETTLEMENT PRICES ARE 
CALCULATED, COMPILED AND PUBLISHED SOLELY BY BURSA MALAYSIA DERIVATIVES 
BERHAD. 
HOWEVER, 
BURSA 
MALAYSIA 
DERIVATIVES 
BERHAD 
MAKES 
NO 
REPRESENTATIONS 
AND 
DISCLAIMS 
ALL 
EXPRESS, 
IMPLIED 
AND 
STATUTORY 
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, REPRESENTATIONS AND 
WARRANTIES AS TO ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, COMPLETENESS, MERCHANTABILITY OR 
FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE 
LAW, BURSA MALAYSIA DERIVATIVES BERHAD SHALL NOT BE LIABLE (WHETHER IN 
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) TO ANY PERSON FOR ANY ERROR IN THE 
FCPO SETTLEMENT PRICES, AND BURSA MALAYSIA DERIVATIVES BERHAD SHALL NOT 
BE UNDER ANY OBLIGATION TO ADVISE ANY PERSON OF ANY ERROR THEREIN.  BURSA 
MALAYSIA DERIVATIVES BERHAD SHALL UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES BE LIABLE FOR 
ANY TYPE OF DAMAGES (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, 
CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES WHATSOEVER OR ANY LOST 
PROFITS OR LOST OPPORTUNITY), EVEN IF BURSA MALAYSIA DERIVATIVES BERHAD HAS 
BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 3 
Chapter 204B 
USD Malaysian Palm Olein Calendar Swap (Cleared Only) 
 
204B00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to the clearing of USD Malaysian Palm Olein Calendar Swaps, 
where the parties to the transaction are “eligible contract participants” as defined in Section 1a(18) 
of the Commodity Exchange Act.  The USD Malaysian Palm Olein Calendar Swaps is listed by 
CME for clearing-only. Although the specifications for cleared USD Malaysian Palm Olein Calendar 
Swaps are set forth in this chapter, and the position rules applicable to USD Malaysian Palm Olein 
Calendar Swaps are set forth in Chapter 5, the USD Malaysian Palm Olein Calendar Swaps is not 
traded on, nor is it traded subject to the rules of, CME in its capacity as a designated contract 
market. Clearing members that clear USD Malaysian Palm Olein Calendar Swaps are subject to 
rules generally applicable to clearing members in Chapter 4 (Enforcement of Rules), Chapter 6 
(Arbitration), Chapter 7 (Delivery Facilities and Procedures), Chapter 8 (Clearing House and 
Performance Bonds), and Chapter 9 (Clearing Members), as applicable. The clearing and 
settlement of transactions in USD Malaysian Palm Olein Calendar Swaps shall also be subject to 
the provisions of Chapter 8-F of the CME Rulebook (Over-the-Counter Derivative Clearing). 
 
204B01.  
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
204B01.A. Unit of Clearing 
The unit of clearing shall be 25 metric tons. 
204B01.B. Hours for Clearing Entry 
The Exchange shall determine the hours during which USD Malaysian Palm Olein Calendar Swaps 
may be submitted to the Clearing House. Positions shall be initiated or closed out using off-
exchange transactions. 
204B01.C. Minimum Price Increments 
Minimum price fluctuations shall be in multiples of USD $0.25 per metric ton which shall equal USD 
$6.25 per contract. Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis. 
204B01.D. Months Cleared 
Clearing of USD Malaysian Palm Olein Calendar Swaps is regularly conducted in all 12 months, 
but shall be permitted in the current delivery month and any succeeding months. The number of 
months in which clearing may occur shall be at the discretion of the Exchange. 
204B01.E. Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.  
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
204B01.F. Last Day of Clearing 
The last day of clearing of USD Malaysian Palm Olein Calendar Swaps deliverable in the current 
delivery month shall be the final settlement day as prescribed in Rule 204B05. 
204B01.G. Liquidation during the Delivery Month 
After clearing of USD Malaysian Palm Olein Calendar Swaps in the current delivery month has 
ceased, in accordance with Rule 204B01.F. of this chapter, outstanding contracts for such delivery 
shall be liquidated by cash settlement as prescribed in Rule 204B02. 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 3 
204B02.  
CASH SETTLEMENT 
Final settlement under these rules shall be on the final settlement day (as described in Rule 
204B05) and shall be accomplished by cash settlement. Clearing members holding open positions 
in USD Malaysian Palm Olein Calendar Swaps at the time of termination of clearing shall make 
payment to and receive payment through the Clearing House in accordance with normal variation 
settlement procedures based on a settlement price equal to the final settlement price (as described 
in Rule 204B03.). 
 
204B03.  
FINAL SETTLEMENT PRICE AND DAILY SETTLEMENT DURING THE LAST 
MONTH OF TRADING 
The final settlement price shall be determined on the final settlement day.  The final settlement 
price shall be the cumulative average of each Thomson Reuters “Malaysia RBD Palm Olein” third 
forward month closing time assessment for each business day of the contract month rounded to the 
nearest $0.25. 
For example, final settlement for a January Malaysian Palm Olein Calendar Swap would be the 
cumulative average of the daily assessment prices for the third forward Thomson Reuters Malaysia 
RBD Palm Olein assessment during the month of January, which in this example will comprise half 
of the March assessment and half of the April assessment, with the month roll determined by the 
Thomson Reuters listing and expiration cycle. These daily settlement prices are rounded to the 
nearest $0.25. 
Daily settlement during the last month of clearing shall be the cumulative average of each Thomson 
Reuters Malaysia RBD Palm Olein third forward month closing time assessment weighting the 
current day’s settlement price across each remaining clearing day and rounded to the nearest 
$0.25.  
Settlement prices shall be generated each CME business day using the most recent available 
Thomson Reuters Malaysia RBD Palm Olein values.  However, any settlement prices generated on 
CME business days when Thomson Reuters does not publish a Malaysia RBD Palm Olein 
assessment will not be counted toward final settlement.  Additionally, there will be no daily 
settlement prices generated on non-CME business days that are Thomson Reuters Malaysia RBD 
Palm Olein assessment days, but the Thomson Reuters Malaysia RBD Palm Olein assessments 
generated on such days will count toward final settlement and daily settlement during the last 
month of clearing. 
 
204B04.  
DAILY SETTLEMENT PRICE 
Daily settlement other than settlement on the final settlement day or during the last month of 
clearing (as described in Rule 204B03) shall be the Thomson Reuters Malaysia RBD Palm Olein 
third forward month from the swap month assessment that day rounded to the nearest $0.25. 
Daily settlement prices shall be generated each business day the CME is open using the most 
recent available Thomson Reuters values. 
 
204B05.  
FINAL SETTLEMENT DAY 
The final settlement day shall be on the last CME business day of the swap contract month.  
However, should there be a Thomson Reuters Malaysia RBD Palm Olein assessment during the 
swap contract month that follows the last CME business day of the swap contract month, then final 
settlement shall be on the first CME business day of the month following the swap contract month. 
 
204B06.  
DISPUTES 
All disputes between interested parties may be settled by arbitration as provided in the Rules. 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 3 
204B07.  
DISCLAIMER 
NEITHER CHICAGO MERCANTILE EXCHANGE, INC. (“CME”) ITS AFFILIATES NOR THOMSON 
REUTERS GUARANTEES THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE THOMSON 
REUTERS PRICE ASSESSMENT OR ANY OF THE DATA INCLUDED THEREIN.  CME, ITS 
AFFILIATES AND THOMSON REUTERS MAKE NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS 
TO   THE RESULTS TO BE OBTAINED BY ANY PERSON OR ENTITY FROM USE OF THE 
THOMSON REUTERS PRICE ASSESSMENT, TRADING AND/OR CLEARING BASED ON THE 
THOMSON REUTERS PRICE ASSESSMENT, OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN IN 
CONNECTION WITH THE TRADING AND/OR CLEARING OF THE CONTRACT, OR, FOR ANY 
OTHER USE.  CME, ITS AFFILIATES AND THOMSON REUTERS MAKE NO WARRANTIES, 
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AND HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY 
OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE WITH RESPECT TO THE THOMSON 
REUTERS PRICE ASSESSMENT OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN.  WITHOUT LIMITING 
ANY OF THE FOREGOING, IN NO EVENT SHALL CME, ITS AFFILIATES OR THOMSON 
REUTERS HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL 
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS), EVEN IF NOTIFIED OF THE 
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 204C 
USD Malaysian Palm Olein Calendar Futures 
 
204C00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to USD Malaysian Palm Olein Calendar futures. In addition to 
this chapter, the contract shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange 
insofar as applicable. 
204C01.  
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
204C01.A. Trading Unit 
The unit of trade shall be 25 metric tons. 
204C01.B. Hours 
The hours of trading for this contract shall be determined by the Exchange. 
204C01.C. Minimum Price Increments 
Minimum price fluctuations shall be in multiples of USD $0.25 per metric ton which shall equal USD 
$6.25 per contract. Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis. 
204C01.D. Trading Schedule 
The number of months in which trading may occur shall be at the discretion of the Exchange. 
204C01.E. Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.  
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559. for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
204C01.F. Last Trading Day 
The last trading day for the contract deliverable in the current delivery month shall be the final 
settlement day as prescribed in Rule 204C05. 
204C01.G. Liquidation during the Delivery Month 
After trading of the contract in the current delivery month has ceased, in accordance with Rule 
204C01.F., outstanding contracts for such delivery shall be liquidated by cash settlement as 
prescribed in Rule 204C02. 
204C02.  
CASH SETTLEMENT 
Final settlement under these rules shall be on the final settlement day (as described in Rule 
204C05.) and shall be accomplished by cash settlement. Clearing members holding open positions 
in the contract at the time of termination of trade shall make payment to and receive payment 
through the Clearing House in accordance with normal variation settlement procedures based on a 
settlement price equal to the final settlement price (as described in Rule 204C03.). 
204C03.  
FINAL SETTLEMENT PRICE AND DAILY SETTLEMENT DURING THE LAST MONTH 
OF TRADING 
The final settlement price shall be determined on the final settlement day.  The final settlement 
price shall be the cumulative average of each Thomson Reuters “Malaysia RBD Palm Olein” third 
forward month closing time assessment for each business day of the contract month rounded to the 
nearest $0.25. 
For example, final settlement for a January contract month of the contract would be the cumulative 
average of the daily assessment prices for the third forward Thomson Reuters Malaysia RBD Palm 
Olein assessment during the month of January, which in this example will comprise half of the 
March assessment and half of the April assessment, with the month roll determined by the 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 2 
Thomson Reuters listing and expiration cycle. These daily settlement prices are rounded to the 
nearest $0.25. 
Daily settlement during the last month of trade shall be the cumulative average of each Thomson 
Reuters Malaysia RBD Palm Olein third forward month closing time assessment weighting the 
current day’s settlement price across each remaining trading day and rounded to the nearest $0.25.  
Settlement prices shall be generated each CME business day using the most recent available 
Thomson Reuters Malaysia RBD Palm Olein values.  However, any settlement prices generated on 
CME business days when Thomson Reuters does not publish a Malaysia RBD Palm Olein 
assessment will not be counted toward final settlement.  Additionally, there will be no daily 
settlement prices generated on non-CME business days that are Thomson Reuters Malaysia RBD 
Palm Olein assessment days, but the Thomson Reuters Malaysia RBD Palm Olein assessments 
generated on such days will count toward final settlement and daily settlement during the last 
month of trade. 
204C04.  
DAILY SETTLEMENT PRICE 
Daily settlement other than settlement on the final settlement day or during the last month of trade 
(as described in Rule 204C03.) shall be the Thomson Reuters Malaysia RBD Palm Olein third 
forward month from the contract month assessment that day rounded to the nearest $0.25. 
Daily settlement prices shall be generated each business day the CME is open using the most 
recent available Thomson Reuters values. 
204C05.  
FINAL SETTLEMENT DAY 
The final settlement day shall be on the last CME business day of the contract month.  However, 
should there be a Thomson Reuters Malaysia RBD Palm Olein assessment during the contract 
month that follows the last CME business day of the contract month, then final settlement shall be 
on the first CME business day of the month following the contract month. 
204C06.  
DISCLAIMER 
NEITHER CHICAGO MERCANTILE EXCHANGE INC. (“CME”) ITS AFFILIATES NOR THOMSON 
REUTERS GUARANTEES THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE THOMSON 
REUTERS PRICE ASSESSMENT OR ANY OF THE DATA INCLUDED THEREIN.  CME, ITS 
AFFILIATES AND THOMSON REUTERS MAKE NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS 
TO   THE RESULTS TO BE OBTAINED BY ANY PERSON OR ENTITY FROM USE OF THE 
THOMSON REUTERS PRICE ASSESSMENT, TRADING AND/OR CLEARING BASED ON THE 
THOMSON REUTERS PRICE ASSESSMENT, OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN IN 
CONNECTION WITH THE TRADING AND/OR CLEARING OF THE CONTRACT, OR, FOR ANY 
OTHER USE.  CME, ITS AFFILIATES AND THOMSON REUTERS MAKE NO WARRANTIES, 
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AND HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY 
OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE WITH RESPECT TO THE THOMSON 
REUTERS PRICE ASSESSMENT OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN.  WITHOUT LIMITING 
ANY OF THE FOREGOING, IN NO EVENT SHALL CME, ITS AFFILIATES OR THOMSON 
REUTERS HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL 
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS), EVEN IF NOTIFIED OF THE 
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 204D 
USD Malaysian Crude Palm Oil Average Price Option 
 
204D00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to USD Malaysian Crude Palm Oil Average Price Option. In 
addition to this chapter, the contract shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the 
Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
204D01. 
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS 
204D01.A. Trading Unit 
The unit of trade shall be 25 metric tons. 
204D01.B. Hours 
The hours of trading for this contract shall be determined by the Exchange.  
204D01.C. Minimum Price Increments 
Minimum price fluctuations shall be in multiples of USD $0.10 per metric ton which shall equal USD 
$2.50 per contract. Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis. 
204D01.D. Price Limits 
Malaysian Palm Oil Average Price Option is not subject to any price limits. 
204D01.E. Trading Schedule 
The number of months in which trading may occur shall be at the discretion of the Exchange. 
204D01.F. Exercise Style 
The contract is cash settled European-style option. The option cannot be exercised prior to 
expiration. 
204D01.G. Exercise Prices 
Transactions and exercise of options shall be conducted for option contracts as set forth in the 
Strike Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table. 
204D01.H. Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559. for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
204D01.I. Last Trading Day 
The last trading day is the same as the final settlement day (as described in Rule 204D05.). 
204D01.J. Liquidation during the Delivery Month 
After trade in the contract in the current delivery month has ceased, in accordance with Rule 
204D01.I., outstanding contracts for such delivery shall be liquidated by cash settlement as 
prescribed in Rule 204D02. 
204D02. 
CASH SETTLEMENT 
Final settlement under these rules shall be on the final settlement day (as described in Rule 
204D05.) and shall be accomplished by cash settlement. Clearing members holding open positions 
in the contract at the time of termination of trade shall make payment to and receive payment 
through the Clearing House in accordance with normal settlement procedures based on a 
settlement price against the underlying average price (as described in Rule 204D03.). 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 2 
204D03. 
FINAL SETTLEMENT PRICE 
The final settlement price shall be determined on the final settlement day. The final settlement price 
shall be determined against the cumulative average of the settlement prices for the third forward 
month FCPO contract traded on the Bursa Malaysia for each trading day in the contract month 
converted to USD and rounded to the nearest $0.25. 
For example, final settlement for a January month of the contract would be determined against the 
cumulative average of the daily settlement prices for the third forward FCPO contract during the 
month of January, which in this example will comprise half of the March contract and half of the 
April contract, with the month roll determined by Bursa Malaysia listing and expiration cycle. These 
daily settlement prices are converted to USD and rounded to the nearest $0.25. 
Settlement prices shall be generated each CME business day using the most recent available 
Bursa Malaysia prices.  However, any settlement prices generated on CME business days that is 
not also a Bursa Malaysia business day will not be counted toward final settlement.  Additionally, 
there will be no daily settlement prices generated on non-CME business days that are Bursa 
Malaysia business day, but the Bursa Malaysia settlement prices generated on such days will count 
toward final settlement during the last month of trade. 
204D04. 
FINAL SETTLEMENT DAY 
The final settlement day for the contract shall be the last business day of the contract month.  
However, should there be a Bursa Malaysia business day during the contract month that follows 
the last CME business day of the contract month, then final settlement will be on the first CME 
business day of the month following the contract month. 
204D05. 
DAILY SETTLEMENT PRICE 
Daily settlement prices shall be determined by the Exchange based on broker quotes. 
204D06.  
DISPUTES 
All disputes between interested parties may be settled by arbitration as provided in the 
Rules. 
204D07. 
DISCLAIMER 
CHICAGO MERCANTILE EXCHANGE INC. [“CME”] HAS BEEN AUTHORIZED BY BURSA 
MALAYSIA DERIVATIVES BERHAD TO USE BURSA MALAYSIA CRUDE PALM OIL FUTURES 
CONTRACT SETTLEMENT PRICES (“FCPO SETTLEMENT PRICES”) AS THE BASIS FOR 
SETTLING THE CONTRACTTRADED ON CME AND TO REFER TO THE FCPO SETTLEMENT 
PRICES IN CONNECTION WITH CREATING, MARKETING, LISTING, TRADING, CLEARING 
AND SETTLING THE CONTRACT. THE CONTRACT IS NOT IN ANY WAY SPONSORED, 
ENDORSED, SOLD OR PROMOTED BY BURSA MALAYSIA DERIVATIVES BERHAD AND 
BURSA MALAYSIA DERIVATIVES BERHAD HAS NO OBLIGATIONS OR LIABILITY IN 
CONNECTION WITH THE CREATION, MARKETING, TRADING, CLEARING, SETTLEMENT 
AND/OR PROMOTION OF ANY SUCH CONTRACTS. FCPO SETTLEMENT PRICES ARE 
CALCULATED, COMPILED AND PUBLISHED SOLELY BY BURSA MALAYSIA DERIVATIVES 
BERHAD. 
HOWEVER, 
BURSA 
MALAYSIA 
DERIVATIVES 
BERHAD 
MAKES 
NO 
REPRESENTATIONS 
AND 
DISCLAIMS 
ALL 
EXPRESS, 
IMPLIED 
AND 
STATUTORY 
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, REPRESENTATIONS AND 
WARRANTIES AS TO ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, COMPLETENESS, MERCHANTABILITY OR 
FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE 
LAW, BURSA MALAYSIA DERIVATIVES BERHAD SHALL NOT BE LIABLE (WHETHER IN 
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) TO ANY PERSON FOR ANY ERROR IN THE 
FCPO SETTLEMENT PRICES, AND BURSA MALAYSIA DERIVATIVES BERHAD SHALL NOT 
BE UNDER ANY OBLIGATION TO ADVISE ANY PERSON OF ANY ERROR THEREIN.  BURSA 
MALAYSIA DERIVATIVES BERHAD SHALL UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES BE LIABLE FOR 
ANY TYPE OF DAMAGES (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, 
CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES WHATSOEVER OR ANY LOST 
PROFITS OR LOST OPPORTUNITY), EVEN IF BURSA MALAYSIA DERIVATIVES BERHAD HAS 
BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 204E 
USD Bursa Malaysia Crude Palm Oil – European Low Sulphur Gasoil Spread 
Futures 
 
204E00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to USD Bursa Malaysia Crude Palm Oil – European Low 
Sulphur Gasoil Spread Futures. In addition to this chapter, the contract shall be subject to the 
general rules and regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
204E01. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
204E01.A. Trading Unit 
The unit of trade shall be 25 metric tons. 
204E01.B. Hours 
The hours of trading for this contract shall be determined by the Exchange.  
204E01.C. Minimum Price Increments 
Minimum price fluctuations shall be in multiples of USD $0.25 per metric ton which shall equal USD 
$6.25 per contract. Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis. 
204E01.D. Price Limits 
USD Bursa Malaysia Crude Palm Oil – European Low Sulphur Gasoil Spread Futures is not subject 
to any price limits. 
204E01.E. Trading Schedule 
The number of months in which trading may occur shall be at the discretion of the Exchange. 
204E01.F. Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.  
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559. for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
204E01.G. Last Trading Day 
The last trading day is the same as the final settlement day (as described in Rule 204E04). 
204E01.H. Liquidation during the Delivery Month 
After trade in USD Bursa Malaysia Crude Palm Oil – European Low Sulphur Gasoil Spread Futures 
in the current delivery month has ceased, in accordance with Rule 204E01.G., outstanding 
contracts for such delivery shall be liquidated by cash settlement as prescribed in Rule 204E02. 
204E02.  
CASH SETTLEMENT 
Final settlement under these rules shall be on the final settlement day (as described in Rule 
204E04.) and shall be accomplished by cash settlement. Clearing members holding open positions 
in the contract at the time of termination of trade shall make payment to and receive payment 
through the Clearing House in accordance with normal variation settlement procedures based on a 
settlement price equal to the final settlement price (as described in Rule 204E03.). 
204E03.  
FINAL SETTLEMENT PRICE 
The final settlement price shall be determined on the final settlement day. The final settlement price 
shall be equal to the cumulative average of the settlement prices for the third forward month FCPO 
contract traded on the Bursa Malaysia Derivatives Berhad for each trading day in the contract 
month converted to USD and rounded to the nearest $0.25 using the Kuala Lumpur USD/MYR 
Reference Rate which appears on Thomson Reuters Screen MYRFIX02 Page at approximately 
3:30 p.m. Kuala Lumpur time, Minus the cumulative average of the settlement prices for the first 
nearby month ICE Low Sulphur Gasoil Futures contract for each trading day in the contract month 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 2 
rounded to the nearest $0.001 (using non-common pricing). The settlement prices of the first 
nearby contract month will be used except on the last day of trading for the expiring ICE Low 
Sulphur Gasoil Futures contracts when the settlement prices of the second nearby contracts will be 
used. 
 
For example, the palm oil component of final settlement for a January contract month of the 
contract would reference the cumulative average of the daily settlement prices for the third forward 
FCPO contract listed on the Bursa Malaysia Derivatives Berhad contract during the month of 
January, which in this example will comprise half of the March futures contract and half of the April 
futures contract, with the month roll determined by the Bursa Malaysia Derivatives Berhad listing 
and expiration cycle. These daily settlement prices for palm oil component are converted to USD 
and rounded to the nearest $0.25 using the Kuala Lumpur USD/MYR Reference Rate. The gasoil 
component of final settlement for a January USD Bursa Malaysia Crude Palm Oil – European Low 
Sulphur Gasoil Spread Futures contract would reference the cumulative average of the daily 
settlement prices for the first nearby ICE Low Sulphur Gasoil futures contract during the month of 
January, which in this example will comprise half of the January futures contract and half of the 
February futures contract, with the month roll determined by the ICE Futures Europe listing and 
expiration cycle. These daily settlement prices for the gasoil component are rounded to the nearest 
$0.001. 
204E04. 
FINAL SETTLEMENT DAY 
The final settlement day shall be on the last CME business day of the contract month.  However, 
should there be a Bursa Malaysia Derivatives Berhad or an ICE Futures Europe business day 
during the contract month that follows the last CME business day of the contract month, then final 
settlement shall be on the first CME business day of the month following the contract month. 
204E05. 
RESERVED 
204E06. 
DISCLAIMER 
CHICAGO MERCANTILE EXCHANGE INC. [“CME”] HAS BEEN AUTHORIZED BY BURSA 
MALAYSIA DERIVATIVES BERHAD TO USE BURSA MALAYSIA CRUDE PALM OIL FUTURES 
CONTRACT SETTLEMENT PRICES (“FCPO SETTLEMENT PRICES”) AS THE BASIS FOR 
SETTLING THE CONTRACTTRADED ON CME AND TO REFER TO THE FCPO SETTLEMENT 
PRICES IN CONNECTION WITH CREATING, MARKETING, LISTING, TRADING, CLEARING 
AND SETTLING THE CONTRACT. THE CONTRACT IS NOT IN ANY WAY SPONSORED, 
ENDORSED, SOLD OR PROMOTED BY BURSA MALAYSIA DERIVATIVES BERHAD AND 
BURSA MALAYSIA DERIVATIVES BERHAD HAS NO OBLIGATIONS OR LIABILITY IN 
CONNEC+TION WITH THE CREATION, MARKETING, TRADING, CLEARING, SETTLEMENT 
AND/OR PROMOTION OF ANY SUCH CONTRACTS. FCPO SETTLEMENT PRICES ARE 
CALCULATED, COMPILED AND PUBLISHED SOLELY BY BURSA MALAYSIA DERIVATIVES 
BERHAD. 
HOWEVER, 
BURSA 
MALAYSIA 
DERIVATIVES 
BERHAD 
MAKES 
NO 
REPRESENTATIONS 
AND 
DISCLAIMS 
ALL 
EXPRESS, 
IMPLIED 
AND 
STATUTORY 
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, REPRESENTATIONS AND 
WARRANTIES AS TO ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, COMPLETENESS, MERCHANTABILITY OR 
FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE 
LAW, BURSA MALAYSIA DERIVATIVES BERHAD SHALL NOT BE LIABLE (WHETHER IN 
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) TO ANY PERSON FOR ANY ERROR IN THE 
FCPO SETTLEMENT PRICES, AND BURSA MALAYSIA DERIVATIVES BERHAD SHALL NOT 
BE UNDER ANY OBLIGATION TO ADVISE ANY PERSON OF ANY ERROR THEREIN.  BURSA 
MALAYSIA DERIVATIVES BERHAD SHALL UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES BE LIABLE FOR 
ANY TYPE OF DAMAGES (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, 
CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES WHATSOEVER OR ANY LOST 
PROFITS OR LOST OPPORTUNITY), EVEN IF BURSA MALAYSIA DERIVATIVES BERHAD HAS 
BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 204F 
USD Malaysian Crude Palm Oil Day 15th Bullet Futures 
 
204F00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
 
This chapter is limited in application to USD Malaysian Crude Palm Oil Day 15th Bullet futures. In 
addition to this chapter, the contract shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the 
Exchange insofar as applicable. 
 
204F01. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
 
204F01.A. Trading Unit204 
 
The unit of trade shall be 25 metric tons. 
 
204F01.B. Hours 
 
The hours of trading for this contract shall be determined by the Exchange. 
 
204F01.C. Minimum Price Increments 
 
Minimum price fluctuations shall be USD $0.25 per metric ton which shall equal to USD $6.25 per 
contract. 
 
204F01.D. Trading Schedule 
 
The number of months in which trading may occur shall be at the discretion of the Exchange. 
204F01.E. Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
 
204F01.F. Last Trading Day 
 
The last trading day for the contract shall be the 15th calendar day of the contract month. If the 15th 
calendar day is not a Bursa Malaysia Derivatives Berhad (BMD) business day, the preceding BMD 
business day will apply. However, should this day not be a CME Exchange business day, trading 
shall cease on the preceding CME Exchange business day. 
 
204F02. 
FINAL SETTLEMENT 
 
Final settlement under the contract shall be by cash settlement. Final settlement, following 
termination of trading for a contract month, will be based on the Final Settlement Price as 
described in Rule 204F03. 
 
204F03.       FINAL SETTLEMENT PRICE 
 
The Final Settlement Price shall be the settlement price for the third forward month Crude Palm Oil 
Futures (FCPO) traded on the Bursa Malaysia Derivatives Berhad (BMD) on the 15th calendar day 
of the contract month converted to USD using the Kuala Lumpur USD/MYR Reference Rate. If the 
15th day of the contract month is not a BMD business day, the price on the preceding BMD 
business day shall be used. 
 
204F04.       FINAL SETTLEMENT DAY 
 
The final settlement day for the contract shall be the 15th calendar day of the contract month. If the 
15th calendar day is not a Bursa Malaysia Derivatives Berhad (BMD) business day, the preceding 
BMD business day will apply. However, should this day not be a CME Exchange business day, the 
final settlement day shall be the following CME Exchange business day. 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 2 
204F05.       DISCLAIMER 
CHICAGO MERCANTILE EXCHANGE INC. [“CME”] HAS BEEN AUTHORIZED BY BURSA 
MALAYSIA DERIVATIVES BERHAD TO USE BURSA MALAYSIA CRUDE PALM OIL FUTURES 
CONTRACT SETTLEMENT PRICES (“FCPO SETTLEMENT PRICES”) AS THE BASIS FOR 
SETTLING THE CONTRACT TRADED ON CME AND TO REFER TO THE FCPO SETTLEMENT 
PRICES IN CONNECTION WITH CREATING, MARKETING, LISTING, TRADING, CLEARING 
AND SETTLING THE CONTRACT. THE CONTRACT IS NOT IN ANY WAY SPONSORED, 
ENDORSED, SOLD OR PROMOTED BY BURSA MALAYSIA DERIVATIVES BERHAD AND 
BURSA MALAYSIA DERIVATIVES BERHAD HAS NO OBLIGATIONS OR LIABILITY IN 
CONNECTION WITH THE CREATION, MARKETING, TRADING, CLEARING, SETTLEMENT 
AND/OR PROMOTION OF ANY SUCH CONTRACTS. FCPO SETTLEMENT PRICES ARE 
CALCULATED, COMPILED AND PUBLISHED SOLELY BY BURSA MALAYSIA DERIVATIVES 
BERHAD. 
HOWEVER, 
BURSA 
MALAYSIA 
DERIVATIVES 
BERHAD 
MAKES 
NO 
REPRESENTATIONS AND DISCLAIMS ALL EXPRESS, IMPLIED AND STATUTORY 
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, REPRESENTATIONS AND 
WARRANTIES AS TO ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, COMPLETENESS, MERCHANTABILITY OR 
FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE 
LAW, BURSA MALAYSIA DERIVATIVES BERHAD SHALL NOT BE LIABLE (WHETHER IN 
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) TO ANY PERSON FOR ANY ERROR IN THE 
FCPO SETTLEMENT PRICES, AND BURSA MALAYSIA DERIVATIVES BERHAD SHALL NO BE 
UNDER ANY OBLIGATION TO ADVISE ANY PERSON OF ANY ERROR THEREIN. BURSA 
MALAYSIA DERIVATIVES BERHAD SHALL UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES BE LIABLE FOR 
ANY TYPE OF DAMAGES (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, 
CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES WHATSOEVER OR ANY LOST 
PROFITS OR LOST OPPORTUNITY), EVEN IF BURSA MALAYSIA DERIVATIVES BERHAD 
HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. 
 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 204G 
USD Malaysian Crude Palm Oil Day 10th Financial Options 
 
204G00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
 
This chapter is limited in application to USD Malaysian Crude Palm Oil Day 10th Financial Options. 
In addition to this chapter, the contract shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the 
Exchange insofar as applicable. 
 
204G01. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
 
204G01.A. Trading Unit 
 
The unit of trade shall be 25 metric tons. 
 
204G01.B. Hours 
 
The hours of trading for this contract shall be determined by the Exchange. 
 
204G01.C. Minimum Price Increments 
 
Minimum price fluctuations shall be USD $0.10 per metric ton which shall equal to USD $2.50 per 
contract. 
 
204G01.D. Trading Schedule 
 
The number of months in which trading may occur shall be at the discretion of the Exchange. 
 
204G01.E. Exercise Style 
 
The contract is cash settled European-style option. The option cannot be exercised prior to 
expiration. 
204G01.F. Exercise Prices 
 
Transactions shall be conducted for option contracts as set forth in Rule 300.20. 
204G01.G. Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
 
204G01.H. Last Trading Day 
 
The last trading day for the contract shall be the 10th calendar day of the contract month. If the 10th 
calendar day is not a Bursa Malaysia Derivatives Berhad (BMD) business day, the preceding BMD 
business day will apply. However, should this day not be a CME Exchange business day, trading 
shall cease on the preceding CME Exchange business day. 
 
204G02. 
FINAL SETTLEMENT 
 
Final settlement under the contract shall be by cash settlement. Final settlement, following 
termination of trading for a contract month, will be based on the Final Settlement Price as 
described in Rule 204G03. 
 
204G03.       FINAL SETTLEMENT PRICE 
 
The USD Malaysian Crude Palm Oil Day 10th Financial Put Options contract traded on the 
Exchange will represent the cash difference between the exercise price and the Underlying Price 
multiplied by 25 metric tons, or zero, whichever is greater. The USD Malaysian Crude Palm Oil 
Day 10th Financial Call Options contract traded on the Exchange will represent the cash difference 
of the Underlying Price less the exercise price multiplied by 25 metric tons, or zero, whichever is 
greater. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 2 
 
The Underlying Price shall be the settlement price for the third forward month Crude Palm Oil 
Futures (FCPO) traded on the Bursa Malaysia Derivatives Berhad (BMD) on the 10th calendar day 
of the contract month converted to USD using the Kuala Lumpur USD/MYR Reference Rate. If the 
10th day of the contract month is not a BMD business day, the price on the preceding BMD 
business day shall be used. 
 
 
204G04.       FINAL SETTLEMENT DAY 
 
The final settlement day for the contract shall be the 10th calendar day of the contract month. If the 
10th calendar day is not a Bursa Malaysia Derivatives Berhad (BMD) business day, the preceding 
BMD business day will apply. However, should this day not be a CME Exchange business day, the 
final settlement day shall be the following CME Exchange business day. 
 
204G05.       DISCLAIMER 
CHICAGO MERCANTILE EXCHANGE INC. [“CME”] HAS BEEN AUTHORIZED BY BURSA 
MALAYSIA DERIVATIVES BERHAD TO USE BURSA MALAYSIA CRUDE PALM OIL FUTURES 
CONTRACT SETTLEMENT PRICES (“FCPO SETTLEMENT PRICES”) AS THE BASIS FOR 
SETTLING THE CONTRACT TRADED ON CME AND TO REFER TO THE FCPO SETTLEMENT 
PRICES IN CONNECTION WITH CREATING, MARKETING, LISTING, TRADING, CLEARING 
AND SETTLING THE CONTRACT. THE CONTRACT IS NOT IN ANY WAY SPONSORED, 
ENDORSED, SOLD OR PROMOTED BY BURSA MALAYSIA DERIVATIVES BERHAD AND 
BURSA MALAYSIA DERIVATIVES BERHAD HAS NO OBLIGATIONS OR LIABILITY IN 
CONNECTION WITH THE CREATION, MARKETING, TRADING, CLEARING, SETTLEMENT 
AND/OR PROMOTION OF ANY SUCH CONTRACTS. FCPO SETTLEMENT PRICES ARE 
CALCULATED, COMPILED AND PUBLISHED SOLELY BY BURSA MALAYSIA DERIVATIVES 
BERHAD. 
HOWEVER, 
BURSA 
MALAYSIA 
DERIVATIVES 
BERHAD 
MAKES 
NO 
REPRESENTATIONS AND DISCLAIMS ALL EXPRESS, IMPLIED AND STATUTORY 
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, REPRESENTATIONS AND 
WARRANTIES AS TO ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, COMPLETENESS, MERCHANTABILITY OR 
FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE 
LAW, BURSA MALAYSIA DERIVATIVES BERHAD SHALL NOT BE LIABLE (WHETHER IN 
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) TO ANY PERSON FOR ANY ERROR IN THE 
FCPO SETTLEMENT PRICES, AND BURSA MALAYSIA DERIVATIVES BERHAD SHALL NO BE 
UNDER ANY OBLIGATION TO ADVISE ANY PERSON OF ANY ERROR THEREIN. BURSA 
MALAYSIA DERIVATIVES BERHAD SHALL UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES BE LIABLE FOR 
ANY TYPE OF DAMAGES (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, 
CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES WHATSOEVER OR ANY LOST 
PROFITS OR LOST OPPORTUNITY), EVEN IF BURSA MALAYSIA DERIVATIVES BERHAD 
HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. 
 
 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 251 
British Pound Sterling/U.S. Dollar (GBP/USD) Futures 
25100. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to British pound sterling/U.S. dollar futures.  In addition to this 
chapter, British pound sterling/U.S. dollar futures shall be subject to the general rules and 
regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time.  
25101. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
25101.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
25101.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 62,500 British pounds sterling. 
25101.C. 
Price Increments 
For trades executed on CME Globex electronic trading platform, minimum price fluctuations shall 
be in multiples of $.0001 per British pound sterling, equivalent to $6.25 per contract.  Trades may 
also occur in multiples of $.00005 per British pound sterling for British pound/U.S. dollar futures 
intra-currency spreads executed as simultaneous transactions pursuant to Rule 542.  For 
transactions submitted through CME ClearPort, the minimum price fluctuation shall be $0.00001 
per British pound sterling. 
25101.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
25101.E. 
[Reserved] 
25101.F. 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
25101.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate on the second Business Day immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the contract month.  If the foregoing date for termination is a bank holiday in 
Chicago or New York City, futures trading shall terminate on the next preceding Business Day 
common to Chicago and New York City banks and the Exchange. 
25101.H. 
[Reserved] 
25102. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
25102.A. 
Physical Delivery 
1. 
Procedures 
In addition to the procedures and requirements contained in this chapter, delivery procedures shall 
be governed by the rules set forth in Chapter 7. 
2. 
Delivery Days 
Delivery shall be made on the third Wednesday of the contract month.  If that day is not a Business 
Day in the country of delivery or is a bank holiday in either Chicago or New York City, then delivery 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
shall be made on the next day which is a Business Day in the country of delivery and is not a bank 
holiday in Chicago or New York City. 
25102.B. 
[Reserved] 
25103. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 251) 
 


 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 1 of 3 
Chapter 251A 
Options on British Pound Sterling/U.S. Dollar (GBP/USD) Futures 
251A00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to trading in put and call options on British pound (pound sterling) 
futures contracts.  The procedures for trading, clearing, inspection, delivery and settlement and any other 
matters not specifically covered herein shall be governed by the rules of the Exchange. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate 
Chicago time. 
Options contracts covered by this chapter may also be referred to as: 
GBP/USD Monthly Options 
GBP/USD Weekly Monday Options 
GBP/USD Weekly Tuesday Options 
GBP/USD Weekly Wednesday Options 
GBP/USD Weekly Thursday Options  
GBP/USD Weekly Friday Options 
251A01. 
OPTION CHARACTERISTICS 
251A01A. 
Contract Months, Trading Hours, and Trading Halts 
Options contracts shall be listed for such contract months (i.e., expirations) and scheduled for trading 
during such hours, except as indicated below, as may be determined by the Board of Directors. 
251A01.B. 
Trading Unit 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy, in the case of the call, or to sell, in the case of the put, one 
pound sterling futures contract as specified in Chapter 251. 
251A01.C. 
Price Increments 
The price of an option shall be quoted in U.S. dollars per pound sterling.  Each $0.0001 per pound sterling 
(one point) shall represent $6.25.  For example, a quote of .0070 represents an option price of $437.50 
(70 points x $6.25 per point) of premium.  The minimum fluctuation shall be one point (also known as one 
tick). 
251A01.D. 
Underlying Futures Contract  
   1. Quarterly and Serial Options  
The underlying futures contract is the nearest futures contract in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., March, 
June, September and December) that has not yet terminated trading.  
   2. Weekly Options  
The underlying futures contract is the nearest quarterly futures contract following the options expiration, 
with the exception that for weekly options expiring between the quarterly option expiration and the nearest   
quarterly futures termination of trading date, the underlying futures contract is the next nearest quarterly 
futures contract. 
251A01.E. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set forth 
in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to the 
Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions 
from the specified position limits. 
251A01.F. 
[Reserved] 
251A01.G. 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation limits 
as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5. 


 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 2 of 3 
251A01.H. 
[Reserved] 
251A01.I.      [Reserved]  
251A01.J. 
Termination of Trading and Expiration Days for Options  
1. 
Monthly Options in the March Quarterly Cycle ("Quarterly Options") 
Trading in monthly options in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., March, June, September and December) 
shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on the second Friday immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the contract month. If the foregoing date for termination is a scheduled Exchange holiday, 
trading in monthly options shall terminate on the immediately preceding business day. In the event that 
the underlying futures market does not open on the scheduled expiration day, the option expiration shall 
be extended to the next day on which the underlying futures market is open for trading. 
2. 
Monthly Options Not in the March Quarterly Cycle ("Serial Options") 
Trading in monthly options not in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., January, February, April, May, July, 
August, October and November) shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on the second Friday 
immediately preceding the third Wednesday of the contract month. If the foregoing date for termination is 
a scheduled Exchange holiday, trading in monthly options shall terminate on the immediately preceding 
business day. In the event that the underlying futures market does not open on the scheduled expiration 
day, the option expiration shall be extended to the next day on which the underlying futures market is 
open for trading.  
       3. 
 Weekly Monday Options 
Trading in weekly Monday options shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on Mondays. If the foregoing 
date for termination is a scheduled Exchange holiday, such weekly Monday option shall not be listed for 
trading. In the event that the underlying futures market does not open on the scheduled expiration day, 
the option expiration shall be extended to the next day on which the underlying futures market is open for 
trading. 
       4.  Weekly Tuesday Options 
 Trading in weekly Tuesday options shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on Tuesdays. If the foregoing 
date for termination is a scheduled Exchange holiday, such weekly Tuesday option shall not be listed for 
trading. In the event that the underlying futures market does not open on the scheduled expiration day, 
the option expiration shall be extended to the next day on which the underlying futures market is open for 
trading. 
       5.  Weekly Wednesday Options 
Trading in weekly Wednesday options shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on Wednesdays. If the 
foregoing date for termination is a scheduled Exchange holiday, such weekly Wednesday option shall not 
be listed for trading. In the event that the underlying futures market does not open on the scheduled 
expiration day, the option expiration shall be extended to the next day on which the underlying futures 
market is open for trading. 
       6.  Weekly Thursday Options 
Trading in weekly Thursday options shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on Thursdays. If the 
foregoing date for termination is a scheduled Exchange holiday or the day prior to a scheduled Exchange 
holiday, such weekly Thursday option shall not be listed for trading.  In the event that the underlying 
futures market does not open on the scheduled expiration day, the option expiration shall be extended to 
the next day on which the underlying futures market is open for trading. 
       7.  Weekly Friday Options 
Trading in weekly Friday options shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on those Fridays that are not 
also the termination of trading of a monthly option as described in the preceding sections 1 and 2. If the 
foregoing date for termination is a scheduled Exchange holiday, trading in weekly Friday options shall 
terminate on the immediately preceding business day. In the event that the underlying futures market 
does not open on the scheduled expiration day, the option expiration shall be extended to the next day 
on which the underlying futures market is open for trading. 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 3 of 3 
 
 
 
        251A01.K. Exercise Prices and Listing of Exercise Prices 
Transactions and exercise of options shall be conducted for options contracts as set forth in the Strike 
Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table 
The Exchange may modify the provisions governing the establishment of exercise prices as it deems 
appropriate. 
251A02. 
EXERCISE AND ASSIGNMENT  
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to the 
exercise of option contracts on British pound sterling/U.S. dollar futures.  All options on British pound 
sterling/U.S. dollar futures are European-style exercise only.  Early option exercise prior to the option 
expiration day is not permitted.  Contrary option exercise instructions are also not allowed. 
251A02.A.1. [Reserved] 
251A02.A.2. [Reserved] 
251A02.A.3.  
Exercise of Options  
All in-the-money options are automatically exercised by the Clearing House on the day of expiration for 
the option.  All out-of-the-money options are abandoned by the Clearing House on the day of expiration 
for the option.  To determine whether an option is in or out of the money on this day, the Exchange shall 
calculate the relevant “CME currency fixing price” from GLOBEX-traded underlying futures contracts as 
follows:  
Tier 1 
Take the 60-second average of sale (trade) prices, weighted by volume from 8:59:00 to 8:59:59 
a.m. on the day of determination of the CME currency fixing price.  
Tier 2 
If less than twenty or no sales (trades) occurred during the 60-second interval noted above, take 
the midpoint of each bid & ask spread where available and average the resulting midpoints over the 60-
second interval. 
Tier 3 
If no sales (trades) and no bid and ask prices occurred during the 60-second interval, then 
Exchange staff shall derive the CME currency fixing price (as a synthetic futures price) from quote vendor 
spot rates and appropriate maturity forward points. 
An option is in-the-money if the fixing price of the underlying futures contract lies above or is equal to the 
exercise price in the case of a call, or lies below the exercise price in the case of a put. 
251A02.B. 
Assignment 
Exercise notices created by the Clearing House for buyers of options shall be assigned by the Clearing 
House through a process of random selection to clearing members with open short positions in the same 
series.  A clearing member to which an exercise notice is assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as 
practicable after such notice is assigned by the Clearing House, but not later than 45 minutes before the 
opening of Regular Trading Hours in the underlying futures contract on the following business day. 
The clearing member assigned an exercise notice shall be assigned a short position in the underlying 
futures contract if a call is exercised or a long position if a put is exercised.  The clearing member 
representing the option buyer shall be assigned a long position in the underlying futures contract if a call 
is exercised and a short position if a put is exercised. 
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of the option and shall 
be marked to market in accordance with Rule 814 on the trading day of acceptance by the Clearing House 
of the exercise notice. 
251A03. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 251A) 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 252 
Canadian Dollar/U.S. Dollar (CAD/USD) Futures 
25200. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Canadian dollar/U.S. dollar futures.  In addition to this 
chapter, Canadian dollar/U.S. dollar futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of 
the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
25201. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
25201.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
25201.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 100,000 Canadian dollars. 
25201.C. 
Price Increments 
For trades executed on CME Globex electronic trading platform, minimum price fluctuations shall 
be in multiples of $.00005 per Canadian dollar, equivalent to $5.00 per contract. Trades may also 
occur in multiples of $.00002 per Canadian dollar for Canadian dollar/U.S. dollar futures intra-
currency spreads executed as simultaneous transactions on pursuant to Rule 542. For transactions 
submitted through CME ClearPort, the minimum price fluctuation shall be $0.00001 per Canadian 
dollar. 
25201.D. 
 Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
25201.E. 
[Reserved]  
25201.F. 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
25201.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate on the Business Day immediately preceding the third Wednesday of 
the contract month.  If the foregoing date for termination is a bank holiday in Chicago or New York 
City, futures trading shall terminate on the next preceding Business Day common to Chicago and 
New York City banks and the Exchange. 
25201.H. 
[Reserved] 
25202. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
25202.A. 
Physical Delivery 
1. 
Procedures 
In addition to the procedures and requirements contained in this chapter, delivery procedures shall 
be governed by the rules set forth in Chapter 7. 
2. 
Delivery Days 
Delivery shall be made on the third Wednesday of the contract month.  If that day is not a Business 
Day in the country of delivery or is a bank holiday in either Chicago or New York City, then delivery 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
shall be made on the next day which is a Business Day in the country of delivery and is not a bank 
holiday in Chicago or New York City. 
25202.B. 
[Reserved] 
25203. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 252) 
 


 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 1 of 3 
 
Chapter 252A 
Options on Canadian Dollar/U.S. Dollar (CAD/USD) Futures 
252A00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to options on Canadian dollar/U.S. dollar futures.  In addition to this 
chapter, options on Canadian dollar/U.S. dollar futures shall be subject to the general rules and 
regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate 
Chicago time. 
Options contracts covered by this chapter may also be referred to as: 
CAD/USD Monthly Options 
CAD/USD Weekly Monday Options  
CAD/USD Weekly Tuesday Options 
CAD/USD Weekly Wednesday Options 
CAD/USD Weekly Thursday Options 
CAD/USD Weekly Friday Options 
252A00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to options on Canadian dollar/U.S. dollar futures.  In addition to this 
chapter, options on Canadian dollar/U.S. dollar futures shall be subject to the general rules and 
regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate 
Chicago time. 
252A01. 
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS 
252A01.A. 
 
Contract Months, Trading Hours, and Trading Halts 
Options contracts shall be listed for such contract months (i.e., expirations) and scheduled for trading 
during such hours, except as indicated below, as may be determined by the Exchange.  
252A01.B. 
 
Trading Unit 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy, in the case of the call, or to sell, in the case of the put, one 
Canadian dollar/U.S. dollar futures contract as specified in Chapter 252. 
252A01.C. 
 
Price Increments 
The price of an option shall be quoted in U.S. dollars per Canadian dollar.  Each $0.0001 per Canadian 
dollar (one point) shall represent $10.00.  For example, a quote of .0075 represents an option price of 
$750.00 (75 points x $10.00 per point) of premium.  The minimum fluctuation shall be one point (also 
known as one tick).  A trade may also occur at a price of $.00005 ($5, also known as one-half tick), 
$.00015 ($15, also known as one and one-half ticks), $.00025 ($25, also known as two and one-half 
ticks), $.00035 ($35, also known as three and one-half ticks), and $.00045 ($45, also known as four and 
and one-half ticks). 
252A01.D. 
 
Underlying Futures Contract  
1. Quarterly and Serial Options  
The underlying futures contract is the nearest futures contract in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., March, 
June, September and December) that has not yet terminated trading.  
2. Weekly Options 
The underlying futures contract is the nearest quarterly futures contract following the options expiration, 
with the exception that for weekly options expiring between the quarterly option expiration and the nearest 
quarterly futures termination of trading date, the underlying futures contract is the next nearest quarterly 
futures contract. 
252A01.E. 
 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set forth 
in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to the 


 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 2 of 3 
 
Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions 
from the specified position limits. 
252A01.F. 
 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation limits 
as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
252A01.G. 
 
[Reserved] 
252A01.H. 
 
[Reserved] 
252A01.I. 
 
[Reserved]  
252A01.J. 
 
Termination of Trading and Expiration Days for Options  
1. 
Monthly Options in the March Quarterly Cycle ("Quarterly Options") 
Trading in monthly options in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., March, June, September and December) 
shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on the second Friday immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the contract month. If the foregoing date for termination is a scheduled Exchange holiday, 
trading in monthly options shall terminate on the immediately preceding business day. In the event that 
the underlying futures market does not open on the scheduled expiration day, the option expiration shall 
be extended to the next day on which the underlying futures market is open for trading. 
2. 
Monthly Options Not in the March Quarterly Cycle ("Serial Options") 
Trading in monthly options not in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., January, February, April, May, July, 
August, October and November) shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on the second Friday 
immediately preceding the third Wednesday of the contract month. If the foregoing date for termination is 
a scheduled Exchange holiday, trading in monthly options shall terminate on the immediately preceding 
business day. In the event that the underlying futures market does not open on the scheduled expiration 
day, the option expiration shall be extended to the next day on which the underlying futures market is 
open for trading.  
3.  Weekly Monday Options Trading in weekly Monday options shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time 
on Mondays. If the foregoing date for termination is a scheduled Exchange holiday, such weekly Monday 
option shall not be listed for trading.  In the event that the underlying futures market does not open on the 
scheduled expiration day, the option expiration shall be extended to the next day on which the underlying 
futures market is open for trading. 
 
4.  
Weekly Tuesday Options 
Trading in weekly Tuesday options shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on Tuesdays. If the foregoing 
date for termination is a scheduled Exchange holiday, such weekly Tuesday option shall not be listed for 
trading. In the event that the underlying futures market does not open on the scheduled expiration day, 
the option expiration shall be extended to the next day on which the underlying futures market is open for 
trading.  
5. 
Weekly Wednesday Options 
Trading in weekly Wednesday options shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on Wednesdays.  If the 
foregoing date for termination is a scheduled Exchange holiday, such weekly Wednesday option shall 
not be listed for trading. In the event that the underlying futures market does not open on the 
scheduled expiration day, the option expiration shall be extended to the next day on which the 
underlying futures market is open for trading. 
       6.  Weekly Thursday Options 
Trading in weekly Thursday options shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on Thursdays. If the 
foregoing date for termination is a scheduled Exchange holiday or the day prior to a scheduled Exchange 
holiday, such weekly Thursday option shall not be listed for trading.  In the event that the underlying 
futures market does not open on the scheduled expiration day, the option expiration shall be extended to 
the next day on which the underlying futures market is open for trading. 
7. 
Weekly Friday Options 
Trading in weekly Friday options shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on those Fridays that are not 
also the termination of trading of a monthly option as described in the preceding sections 1 and 2.  If the 
foregoing date for termination is a scheduled Exchange holiday, trading in weekly Friday options shall 
terminate on the immediately preceding business day. In the event that the underlying futures market 


 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 3 of 3 
 
does not open on the scheduled expiration day, the option expiration shall be extended to the next day 
on which the underlying futures market is open for trading. 
 
252A01.K. 
 
Exercise Prices and Listing of Exercise Prices 
Transactions and exercise of options shall be conducted for options contracts as set forth in the Strike 
Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table. 
The Exchange may modify the provisions governing the establishment of exercise prices as it deems 
appropriate. 
252A02. 
EXERCISE AND ASSIGNMENT 
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to the 
exercise of option contracts on Canadian dollar/U.S. dollar futures.  All options on Canadian dollar/U.S. 
dollar futures are European-style exercise only.  Early option exercise prior to the option expiration day is 
not permitted.  Contrary option exercise instructions are also not allowed.  
252A02.A.1.  
[Reserved] 
252A02.A.2.  
[Reserved]  
252A02.A.3.  
 
Exercise of Options  
All in-the-money options are automatically exercised by the Clearing House on the day of expiration for 
the option.  All out-of-the-money options are abandoned by the Clearing House on the day of expiration 
for the option.  To determine whether an option is in or out of the money on this day, the Exchange shall 
calculate the relevant “CME currency fixing price” from GLOBEX-traded underlying futures contracts as 
follows:  
Tier 1 
Take the 60-second average of sale (trade) prices, weighted by volume from 8:59:00 to 8:59:59 
a.m. on the day of determination of the CME currency fixing price.  
Tier 2 
If less than twenty or no sales (trades) occurred during the 60-second interval noted above, take 
the midpoint of each bid & ask spread where available and average the resulting midpoints over the 60-
second interval. 
Tier 3 
If no sales (trades) and no bid and ask prices occurred during the 60-second interval, then 
Exchange staff shall derive the CME currency fixing price (as a synthetic futures price) from quote vendor 
spot rates and appropriate maturity forward points. 
An option is in-the-money if the fixing price of the underlying futures contract lies above or is equal to the 
exercise price in the case of a call, or lies below the exercise price in the case of a put. 
252A02.B. 
 
Assignment  
Exercise notices created by the Clearing House for buyers of options shall be assigned by the Clearing 
House through a process of random selection to clearing members with open short positions in the same 
series.  A clearing member to which an exercise notice is assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as 
practicable after such notice is assigned by the Clearing House, but not later than 45 minutes before the 
opening of Regular Trading Hours in the underlying futures contract on the following Business Day. 
The clearing member assigned an exercise notice shall be assigned a short position in the underlying 
futures contract if a call is exercised or a long position if a put is exercised.  The clearing member 
representing the option buyer shall be assigned a long position in the underlying futures contract if a call 
is exercised and a short position if a put is exercised. 
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of the option and shall 
be marked to market in accordance with Rule 814 on the Trading Day of acceptance by the Clearing 
House of the exercise notice. 
252A03. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 252A) 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 253 
Japanese Yen/U.S. Dollar (JPY/USD) Futures 
25300. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Japanese yen/U.S. dollar futures.  In addition to this chapter, 
Japanese yen/U.S. dollar futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the 
Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
25301. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
25301.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
25301.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 12,500,000 Japanese yen. 
25301.C. 
Price Increments 
For trades executed on CME Globex electronic trading platform, minimum price fluctuations shall 
be in multiples of $.0000005 per Japanese yen, commonly referred to as one-half tick, which is 
equivalent to $6.25 per contract. Trades may also occur in multiples of $.0000002 per Japanese 
yen for Japanese yen/U.S. dollar futures intra-currency spreads executed as simultaneous 
transactions pursuant to Rule 542.  For the transactions submitted through CME ClearPort, the 
minimum price fluctuation shall be $0.0000001 per Japanese yen. 
25301.D. 
 Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
25301.E. 
[Reserved]  
25301.F. 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
25301.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate on the second Business Day immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the contract month.  If the foregoing date for termination is a bank holiday in 
Chicago or New York City, futures trading shall terminate on the next preceding Business Day 
common to Chicago and New York City banks and the Exchange. 
25301.H. 
 [Reserved] 
25302. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
25302.A. 
Physical Delivery 
1. 
Procedures 
In addition to the procedures and requirements contained in this chapter, delivery procedures shall 
be governed by the rules set forth in Chapter 7. 
2. 
Delivery Days 
Delivery shall be made on the third Wednesday of the contract month.  If that day is not a Business 
Day in the country of delivery or is a bank holiday in either Chicago or New York City, then delivery 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
shall be made on the next day which is a Business Day in the country of delivery and is not a bank 
holiday in Chicago or New York City. 
25302.B. 
[Reserved] 
25303. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 253) 
 


 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 1 of 3 
Chapter 253A 
Options on Japanese Yen/U.S. Dollar (JPY/USD) Futures 
253A00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to options on Japanese yen/U.S. dollar futures.  In addition to 
this chapter, options on Japanese yen/U.S. dollar futures shall be subject to the general rules and 
regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
Options contracts covered by this chapter may also be referred to as: 
JPY/USD Monthly Options 
JPY/USD Weekly Monday Options  
JPY/USD Weekly Tuesday Options 
JPY/USD Weekly Wednesday Options  
JPY/USD Weekly Thursday Options 
JPY/USD Weekly Friday Options 
253A01. 
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS 
253A01.A. 
 
Contract Months, Trading Hours, and Trading Halts 
Options contracts shall be listed for such contract months (i.e., expirations) and scheduled for trading 
during such hours, except as indicated below, as may be determined by the Exchange.  
253A01.B 
 
Trading Unit 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy, in the case of the call, or to sell, in the case of the put, one 
Japanese yen/U.S. dollar futures contract as specified in Chapter 253. 
253A01.C. 
 
Price Increments 
The price of an option shall be quoted in U.S. dollars per Japanese yen.  Each $0.000001 per 
Japanese yen (one point) shall represent $12.50.  For example, a quote of .000075 represents an 
option price of $937.50 (75 points x $12.50 per point) of premium.  The minimum fluctuation shall be 
one point (also known as one tick).  A trade may also occur at a price of $.0000005 ($6.25, also 
known as one-half tick), $.0000015 ($18.75, also known as one and one-half ticks), $.0000025 
($31.25, also known as two and one-half ticks), $.0000035 ($43.75, also known as three and one-
half ticks), and $.0000045 ($56.25, also known as four and one-half ticks). 
253A01.D. 
 
Underlying Futures Contract 
1. 
Quarterly and Serial Options 
The underlying futures contract is the nearest futures contract in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., 
March, June, September and December) that has not yet terminated trading. 
2. 
Weekly Options 
The underlying futures contract is the nearest quarterly futures contract following the options 
expiration, with the exception that for weekly options expiring between the quarterly option expiration 
and the nearest quarterly futures termination of trading date, the underlying futures contract is the 
next nearest quarterly futures contract. 
253A01.E. 
 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels  
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set 
forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
253A01.F. 
 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations 


 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 2 of 3 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
253A01.G. 
 
[Reserved] 
253A01.H. 
 
[Reserved] 
253A01.I. 
 
[Reserved]  
253A01.J. 
 
Termination of Trading and Expiration Days for Options  
1. 
Monthly Options in the March Quarterly Cycle ("Quarterly Options") 
Trading in monthly options in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., March, June, September and December) 
shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on the second Friday immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the contract month. If the foregoing date for termination is a scheduled Exchange 
holiday, trading in monthly options shall terminate on the immediately preceding business day. In the 
event that the underlying futures market does not open on the scheduled expiration day, the option 
expiration shall be extended to the next day on which the underlying futures market is open for 
trading. 
2. 
Monthly Options Not in the March Quarterly Cycle ("Serial Options") 
Trading in monthly options not in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., January, February, April, May, July, 
August, October and November) shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on the second Friday 
immediately preceding the third Wednesday of the contract month. If the foregoing date for 
termination is a scheduled Exchange holiday, trading in monthly options shall terminate on the 
immediately preceding business day. In the event that the underlying futures market does not open 
on the scheduled expiration day, the option expiration shall be extended to the next day on which the 
underlying futures market is open for trading. 
3.  Weekly Monday Options Trading in weekly Monday options shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central 
time  on Mondays. If the foregoing date for termination is a scheduled Exchange holiday, such weekly 
Monday option shall not be listed for trading. In the event that the underlying futures market does not 
open on the scheduled expiration day, the option expiration shall be extended to the next day on 
which the underlying futures market is open for trading. 
4.  Weekly Tuesday Options 
Trading in weekly Tuesday options shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on Tuesdays. If the 
foregoing date for termination is a scheduled Exchange holiday, such weekly Tuesday option shall 
not be listed for trading. In the event that the underlying futures market does not open on the 
scheduled expiration day, the option expiration shall be extended to the next day on which the 
underlying futures market is open for trading. 
5.  Weekly Wednesday Options 
Trading in weekly Wednesday options shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on Wednesdays. If 
the foregoing date for termination is a scheduled Exchange holiday, such weekly Wednesday option 
shall not be listed for trading. In the event that the underlying futures market does not open on the 
scheduled expiration day, the option expiration shall be extended to the next day on which the 
underlying futures market is open for trading. 
6.  Weekly Thursday Options 
Trading in weekly Thursday options shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on Thursdays. If the 
foregoing date for termination is a scheduled Exchange holiday or the day prior to a scheduled 
Exchange holiday, such weekly Thursday option shall not be listed for trading.  In the event that the 
underlying futures market does not open on the scheduled expiration day, the option expiration shall 
be extended to the next day on which the underlying futures market is open for trading. 
7.  Weekly Friday Options 
Trading in weekly Friday options shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on those Fridays that are 
not also the termination of trading of a monthly option as described in the preceding sections 1 and 
2. If the foregoing date for termination is a scheduled Exchange holiday, trading in weekly Friday 
options shall terminate on the immediately preceding business day. In the event that the underlying 
futures market does not open on the scheduled expiration day, the option expiration shall be 
extended to the next day on which the underlying futures market is open for trading. 
253A01.K. 
      Exercise Prices and Listing of Exercise Prices 
Transactions and exercise of options shall be conducted for options contracts as set forth in the Strike 
Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table. 


 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 3 of 3 
The Exchange may modify the provisions governing the establishment of exercise prices as it deems 
appropriate.  
253A02. 
EXERCISE AND ASSIGNMENT 
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to 
the exercise of option contracts on Japanese yen/U.S. dollar futures.  All options on Japanese 
yen/U.S. dollar futures are European-style exercise only.  Early option exercise prior to the option 
expiration day is not permitted.  Contrary option exercise instructions are also not allowed. 
253A02.A.1.  
 
[Reserved] 
253A02.A.2.  
[Reserved]  
253A02.A.3.  
 
Exercise of Options  
All in-the-money options are automatically exercised by the Clearing House on the day of expiration 
for the option.  All out-of-the-money options are abandoned by the Clearing House on the day of 
expiration for the option.  To determine whether an option is in or out of the money on this day, the 
Exchange shall calculate the relevant “CME currency fixing price” from GLOBEX-traded underlying 
futures contracts as follows:  
Tier 1 
Take the 60-second average of sale (trade) prices, weighted by volume from 8:59:00 to 
8:59:59 a.m. on the day of determination of the CME currency fixing price.  
Tier 2 
If less than twenty or no sales (trades) occurred during the 60-second interval noted above, 
take the midpoint of each bid & ask spread where available and average the resulting midpoints over 
the 60-second interval. 
Tier 3 
If no sales (trades) and no bid and ask prices occurred during the 60-second interval, then 
Exchange staff shall derive the CME currency fixing price (as a synthetic futures price) from quote 
vendor spot rates and appropriate maturity forward points. 
An option is in-the-money if the fixing price of the underlying futures contract lies above or is equal 
to the exercise price in the case of a call, or lies below the exercise price in the case of a put. 
253A02.B. 
Assignment  
Exercise notices created by the Clearing House for buyers of options shall be assigned by the 
Clearing House through a process of random selection to clearing members with open short positions 
in the same series.  A clearing member to which an exercise notice is assigned shall be notified 
thereof as soon as practicable after such notice is assigned by the Clearing House, but not later than 
45 minutes before the opening of Regular Trading Hours in the underlying futures contract on the 
following Business Day. 
The clearing member assigned an exercise notice shall be assigned a short position in the underlying 
futures contract if a call is exercised or a long position if a put is exercised.  The clearing member 
representing the option buyer shall be assigned a long position in the underlying futures contract if a 
call is exercised and a short position if a put is exercised. 
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of the option and 
shall be marked to market in accordance with Rule 814 on the Trading Day of acceptance by the 
Clearing House of the exercise notice. 
253A03. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 253A) 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 254 
Swiss Franc/U.S. Dollar (CHF/USD) Futures 
25400. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Swiss franc/U.S. dollar futures.  In addition to this chapter, 
Swiss franc/U.S. dollar futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the 
Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
25401. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
25401.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
25401.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 125,000 Swiss francs. 
25401.C. 
Price Increments 
For trades executed on CME Globex electronic trading platform, minimum price fluctuations shall 
be in multiples of $.00005 per Swiss franc, equivalent to $6.25 per contract. Trades may also occur 
in multiples of $.00005 per Swiss franc, commonly referred to as one half tick, for Swiss franc/U.S. 
dollar futures intra-currency spreads executed as simultaneous transactions pursuant to Rule 542.  
For transactions submitted through CME ClearPort, the minimum price fluctuation shall be 
$0.00001 per Swiss franc. 
25401.D. 
 Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
25401.E. 
[Reserved]  
25401.F. 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
25401.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate on the second Business Day immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the contract month.  If the foregoing date for termination is a bank holiday in 
Chicago or New York City, futures trading shall terminate on the next preceding Business Day 
common to Chicago and New York City banks and the Exchange. 
25401.H. 
 [Reserved] 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
25402. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
25402.A. 
Physical Delivery 
1. 
Procedures 
In addition to the procedures and requirements contained in this chapter, delivery procedures shall 
be governed by the rules set forth in Chapter 7. 
2. 
Delivery Days 
Delivery shall be made on the third Wednesday of the contract month.  If that day is not a Business 
Day in the country of delivery or is a bank holiday in either Chicago or New York City, then delivery 
shall be made on the next day which is a Business Day in the country of delivery and is not a bank 
holiday in Chicago or New York City. 
25402.B. 
[Reserved] 
25403. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 254) 
 
 


 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 1 of 3 
 
Chapter 254A 
Options on Swiss Franc/U.S. Dollar (CHF/USD) Futures 
254A00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to options on Swiss franc/U.S. dollar futures.  In addition to this 
chapter, options on Swiss franc/U.S. dollar futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations 
of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate 
Chicago time. 
Options contracts covered by this chapter may also be referred to as: 
CHF/USD Monthly Options 
CHF/USD Weekly Friday Options 
254A01. 
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS 
254A01.A. 
 
Contract Months, Trading Hours, and Trading Halts 
Options contracts shall be listed for such contract months (i.e., expirations) and scheduled for trading 
during such hours, except as indicated below, as may be determined by the Exchange.  
254A01.B. 
 
Trading Unit 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy, in the case of the call, or to sell, in the case of the put, one 
Swiss franc futures/U.S. dollar contract as specified in Chapter 254. 
254A01.C. 
 
Price Increments 
The price of an option shall be quoted in U.S. dollars per Swiss franc.  Each $0.0001 per Swiss franc (one 
point) shall represent $12.50.  For example, a quote of .0075 represents an option price of $937.50 (75 
points x $12.50 per point) of premium.  The minimum fluctuation shall be one point (also known as one 
tick).  A trade may also occur at a price of $.00005 ($6.25, also known as one-half tick), $.00015 ($18.75, 
also known as one and one-half ticks), $.00025 ($31.25, also known as two and one-half ticks), $.00035 
($43.75, also known as three and one-half ticks), and $.00045 ($56.25, also known as four and one-half 
ticks). 
254A01.D. 
 
Underlying Futures Contract  
The underlying futures contract is the nearest futures contract in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., March, 
June, September and December) whose termination of trading follows the option's last day of trading by 
more than two Exchange Business Days.  This rule applies to March quarterly, serial, and weekly options 
on Swiss franc/U.S. dollar futures contracts.  
254A01.E. 
 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels  
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set forth 
in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to the 
Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions 
from the specified position limits. 
254A01.F. 
 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation limits 
as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
254A01.G. 
 
[Reserved] 
254A01.H. 
 
[Reserved] 
254A01.I. 
 
[Reserved]  
2541A01.J.  
Termination of Trading and Expiration Days for Options  
1. 
Monthly Options in the March Quarterly Cycle ("Quarterly Options") 


 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 2 of 3 
 
Trading in monthly options in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., March, June, September and December) 
shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on the second Friday immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the contract month. If the foregoing date for termination is a scheduled Exchange holiday, 
trading in monthly options shall terminate on the immediately preceding business day. In the event that 
the underlying futures market does not open on the scheduled expiration day, the option expiration shall 
be extended to the next day on which the underlying futures market is open for trading. 
2. 
Monthly Options Not in the March Quarterly Cycle ("Serial Options") 
Trading in monthly options not in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., January, February, April, May, July, 
August, October and November) shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on the second Friday 
immediately preceding the third Wednesday of the contract month. If the foregoing date for termination is 
a scheduled Exchange holiday, trading in monthly options shall terminate on the immediately preceding 
business day. In the event that the underlying futures market does not open on the scheduled expiration 
day, the option expiration shall be extended to the next day on which the underlying futures market is 
open for trading. 
3. 
Weekly Friday Options 
Trading in weekly Friday options shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on those Fridays that are not 
also the termination of trading of a monthly option as described in the preceding sections 1 and 2.  If the 
foregoing date for termination is a scheduled Exchange holiday, trading in weekly Friday options shall 
terminate on the immediately preceding business day. In the event that the underlying futures market 
does not open on the scheduled expiration day, the option expiration shall be extended to the next day 
on which the underlying futures market is open for trading. 
254A01.K. 
 
Exercise Prices and Listing of Exercise Prices 
Transactions and exercise of options shall be conducted for options contracts as set forth in the Strike 
Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table. 
The Exchange may modify the provisions governing the establishment of exercise prices as it deems 
appropriate. 
254A02. 
EXERCISE AND ASSIGNMENT 
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to the 
exercise of option contracts on Swiss franc/U.S. dollar futures.  All options on Swiss franc/U.S. dollar 
futures are European-style exercise only.  Early option exercise prior to the option expiration day is not 
permitted.  Contrary option exercise instructions are also not allowed.  
254A02.A.1.  
[Reserved] 
254A02.A.2.  
[Reserved] 
254A02.A.3.  
 
Exercise of Options  
All in-the-money options are automatically exercised by the Clearing House on the day of expiration for 
the option.  All out-of-the-money options are abandoned by the Clearing House on the day of expiration 
for the option.  To determine whether an option is in or out of the money on this day, the Exchange shall 
calculate the relevant “CME currency fixing price” from GLOBEX-traded underlying futures contracts as 
follows:  
Tier 1 
Take the 60-second average of sale (trade) prices, weighted by volume from 8:59:00 to 8:59:59 
a.m. on the day of determination of the CME currency fixing price.  
Tier 2 
If less than twenty or no sales (trades) occurred during the 60-second interval noted above, take 
the midpoint of each bid & ask spread where available and average the resulting midpoints over the 60-
second interval. 
Tier 3 
If no sales (trades) and no bid and ask prices occurred during the 60-second interval, then 
Exchange staff shall derive the CME currency fixing price (as a synthetic futures price) from quote vendor 
spot rates and appropriate maturity forward points. 
An option is in-the-money if the fixing price of the underlying futures contract lies above or is equal to the 
exercise price in the case of a call, or lies below the exercise price in the case of a put. 
254A02.B. 
 
Assignment  
Exercise notices created by the Clearing House for buyers of options shall be assigned by the Clearing 
House through a process of random selection to clearing members with open short positions in the same 
series.  A clearing member to which an exercise notice is assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as 


 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 3 of 3 
 
practicable after such notice is assigned by the Clearing House, but not later than 45 minutes before the 
opening of Regular Trading Hours in the underlying futures contract on the following Business Day. 
The clearing member assigned an exercise notice shall be assigned a short position in the underlying 
futures contract if a call is exercised or a long position if a put is exercised.  The clearing member 
representing the option buyer shall be assigned a long position in the underlying futures contract if a call 
is exercised and a short position if a put is exercised. 
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of the option and shall 
be marked to market in accordance with Rule 814 on the Trading Day of acceptance by the Clearing 
House of the exercise notice. 
254A03. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 254A) 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 255 
Australian Dollar/U.S. Dollar (AUD/USD) Futures 
25500. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Australian dollar/U.S. dollar futures.  In addition to this 
chapter, Australian dollar/U.S. dollar futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of 
the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
25501. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
25501.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
25501.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 100,000 Australian dollars. 
25501.C. 
Price Increments 
For trades executed on CME Globex electronic trading platform, minimum price fluctuations shall 
be in multiplies of $.00005 per Australian dollar, equivalent to $5.00 per contract.  Trades may also 
occur in multiples of $.00002 per Australian dollar for Australian dollar/U.S. dollar futures intra-
currency spreads executed as simultaneous transactions pursuant to Rule 542. For transactions 
submitted through CME ClearPort, the minimum price fluctuation shall be $0.00001 per Australian 
dollar. 
25501.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels  
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
25501.E. 
[Reserved]  
25501.F. 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
25501.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate on the second Business Day immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the contract month.  If the foregoing date for termination is a bank holiday in 
Chicago or New York City, futures trading shall terminate on the next preceding Business Day 
common to Chicago and New York City banks and the Exchange. 
25501.H. 
[Reserved] 
 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
25502. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
25502.A. 
Physical Delivery 
1. 
Procedures 
In addition to the procedures and requirements contained in this chapter, delivery procedures shall 
be governed by the rules set forth in Chapter 7. 
2. 
Delivery Days 
Delivery shall be made on the third Wednesday of the contract month.  If that day is not a Business 
Day in the country of delivery or is a bank holiday in either Chicago or New York City, then delivery 
shall be made on the next day which is a Business Day in the country of delivery and is not a bank 
holiday in Chicago or New York City. 
25502.B. 
[Reserved] 
25503. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 255) 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 1 of 4 
 
 
 
Chapter 255A 
Options on Australian Dollar/U.S. Dollar (AUD/USD) Futures 
255A00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to options on Australian dollar/U.S. dollar futures.  In addition to 
this chapter, options on Australian dollar/U.S. dollar futures shall be subject to the general rules and 
regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
Options contracts covered by this chapter may also be referred to as: 
AUD/USD Monthly Options 
AUD/USD Weekly Monday Options  
AUD/USD Weekly Tuesday Options 
AUD/USD Weekly Wednesday Options  
AUD/USD Weekly Thursday Options 
AUD/USD Weekly Friday Options 
255A01. 
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS 
255A01.A. 
 
Contract Months, Trading Hours, and Trading Halts 
Options contracts shall be listed for such contract months (i.e., expirations) and scheduled for trading 
during such hours, except as indicated below, as may be determined by the Exchange.  
255A01.B 
 
Trading Unit 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy, in the case of the call, or to sell, in the case of the put, one 
Australian dollar/U.S. dollar futures contract as specified in Chapter 255. 
255A01.C. 
 
Price Increments 
The price of an option shall be quoted in U.S. dollars per Australian dollar.  Each $0.0001 per 
Australian dollar (one point) shall represent $10.00.  For example, a quote of .0075 represents an 
option price of $750.00 (75 points x $10.00 per point) of premium.  The minimum fluctuation shall be 
one point (also known as one tick).  A trade may also occur at a price of $.00005 ($5, also known as 
one-half tick), $.00015 ($15, also known as one and one-half ticks), $.00025 ($25, also known as 
two and one-half ticks), $.00035 ($35, also known as three and one-half ticks), and $.00045 ($45, 
also known as four and one-half ticks). 
255A01.D. 
 
Underlying Futures Contract  
1. Quarterly and Serial Options  
The underlying futures contract is the nearest futures contract in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., 
March, June, September and December) that has not yet terminated trading.  
2. Weekly Options 
The underlying futures contract is the nearest quarterly futures contract following the options 
expiration, with the exception that for weekly options expiring between the quarterly option expiration 
and the nearest quarterly futures termination of trading date, the underlying futures contact is the 
next nearest quarterly futures contract. 
255A01.E. 
 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels  
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set 
forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 2 of 4 
 
 
 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
255A01.F. 
 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
255A01.G. 
 
[Reserved] 
255A01.H. 
 
[Reserved] 
255A01.I. 
 
[Reserved] 
255A01.J. 
 
Termination of Trading and Expiration Days for Options  
1. 
Monthly Options in the March Quarterly Cycle ("Quarterly Options") 
Trading in monthly options in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., March, June, September and December) 
shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on the second Friday immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the contract month. If the foregoing date for termination is a scheduled Exchange 
holiday, trading in monthly options shall terminate on the immediately preceding business day. In the 
event that the underlying futures market does not open on the scheduled expiration day, the option 
expiration shall be extended to the next day on which the underlying futures market is open for 
trading. 
2. 
Monthly Options Not in the March Quarterly Cycle ("Serial Options") 
Trading in monthly options not in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., January, February, April, May, July, 
August, October and November) shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on the second Friday 
immediately preceding the third Wednesday of the contract month. If the foregoing date for 
termination is a scheduled Exchange holiday, trading in monthly options shall terminate on the 
immediately preceding business day. In the event that the underlying futures market does not open 
on the scheduled expiration day, the option expiration shall be extended to the next day on which the 
underlying futures market is open for trading. 
3.  Weekly Monday Options Trading in weekly Monday options shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central 
time on Mondays. If the foregoing date for termination is a scheduled Exchange holiday, such weekly 
Monday option shall not be listed for trading. In the event that the underlying futures market does not 
open on the scheduled expiration day, the option expiration shall be extended to the next day on 
which the underlying futures market is open for trading. 
4.  Weekly Tuesday Options 
Trading in weekly Tuesday options shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on Tuesdays. If the 
foregoing date for termination is a scheduled Exchange holiday, such weekly Tuesday option shall 
not be listed for trading. In the event that the underlying futures market does not open on the 
scheduled expiration day, the option expiration shall be extended to the next day on which the 
underlying futures market is open for trading. 
5.  Weekly Wednesday Options 
Trading in weekly Wednesday options shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on Wednesdays. If 
the foregoing date for termination is a scheduled Exchange holiday, such weekly Wednesday option 
shall not be listed for trading. In the event that the underlying futures market does not open on the 
scheduled expiration day, the option expiration shall be extended to the next day on which the 
underlying futures market is open for trading. 
  


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 3 of 4 
 
 
 
6.  Weekly Thursday Options 
Trading in weekly Thursday options shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on Thursdays. If the 
foregoing date for termination is a scheduled Exchange holiday or the day prior to a scheduled 
Exchange holiday, such weekly Thursday option shall not be listed for trading.  In the event that the 
underlying futures market does not open on the scheduled expiration day, the option expiration shall 
be extended to the next day on which the underlying futures market is open for trading. 
7.  Weekly Friday Options 
Trading in weekly Friday options shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on those Fridays that are 
not also the termination of trading of a monthly option as described in the preceding sections 1 and 
2. If the foregoing date for termination is a scheduled Exchange holiday, trading in weekly Friday 
options shall terminate on the immediately preceding business day. In the event that the underlying 
futures market does not open on the scheduled expiration day, the option expiration shall be 
extended to the next day on which the underlying futures market is open for trading. 
255A01.K. 
Exercise Prices and Listing of Exercise Prices 
Transactions and exercise of options shall be conducted for options contracts as set forth in the Strike 
Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table. 
The Exchange may modify the provisions governing the establishment of exercise prices as it deems 
appropriate.  
255A02. 
EXERCISE AND ASSIGNMENT 
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to 
the exercise of option contracts on Australian dollar/U.S. dollar futures.  All options on Australian 
dollar/U.S. dollar futures are European-style exercise only.  Early option exercise prior to the option 
expiration day is not permitted.  Contrary option exercise instructions are also not allowed.   
255A02.A.1.  
[Reserved] 
255A02.A.2.  
[Reserved] 
255A02.A.3.  
 
Exercise of Options  
All in-the-money options are automatically exercised by the Clearing House on the day of expiration 
for the option.  All out-of-the-money options are abandoned by the Clearing House on the day of 
expiration for the option.  To determine whether an option is in or out of the money on this day, the 
Exchange shall calculate the relevant “CME currency fixing price” from GLOBEX-traded underlying 
futures contracts as follows:  
Tier 1 
Take the 60-second average of sale (trade) prices, weighted by volume from 8:59:00 to 
8:59:59 a.m. on the day of determination of the CME currency fixing price.  
Tier 2 
If less than twenty or no sales (trades) occurred during the 60-second interval noted above, 
take the midpoint of each bid & ask spread where available and average the resulting midpoints over 
the 60-second interval. 
Tier 3 
If no sales (trades) and no bid and ask prices occurred during the 60-second interval, then 
Exchange staff shall derive the CME currency fixing price (as a synthetic futures price) from quote 
vendor spot rates and appropriate maturity forward points. 
An option is in-the-money if the fixing price of the underlying futures contract lies above or is equal 
to the exercise price in the case of a call, or lies below the exercise price in the case of a put. 
255A02.B. 
 
Assignment  
Exercise notices created by the Clearing House for buyers of options shall be assigned by the 
Clearing House through a process of random selection to clearing members with open short positions 
in the same series.  A clearing member to which an exercise notice is assigned shall be notified 
thereof as soon as practicable after such notice is assigned by the Clearing House, but not later than 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 4 of 4 
 
 
 
45 minutes before the opening of Regular Trading Hours in the underlying futures contract on the 
following Business Day. 
The clearing member assigned an exercise notice shall be assigned a short position in the underlying 
futures contract if a call is exercised or a long position if a put is exercised.  The clearing member 
representing the option buyer shall be assigned a long position in the underlying futures contract if a 
call is exercised and a short position if a put is exercised. 
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of the option and 
shall be marked to market in accordance with Rule 814 on the Trading Day of acceptance by the 
Clearing House of the exercise notice. 
255A03. 
[RESERVED]  
(End Chapter 255A) 
 


 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 256 
Mexican Peso/U.S. Dollar (MXN/USD) Futures 
25600. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Mexican peso/U.S. dollar futures.  In addition to this chapter, 
Mexican peso/U.S. dollar futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the 
Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
25601. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
25601.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
25601.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 500,000 Mexican pesos. 
25601.C. 
Price Increments 
For trades executed on CME Globex electronic trading platform, minimum price fluctuations shall 
be in multiples of $.00001 per Mexican peso, equivalent to $5.00 per contract.  For transactions 
submitted through CME ClearPort, the minimum price fluctuation shall be $0.000001 per Mexican 
peso. 
25601.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
25601.E. 
[Reserved]  
25601.F. 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.  
25601.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate on the second Business Day immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the contract month.  If the foregoing date for termination is a bank holiday in 
Chicago or New York City futures trading shall terminate on the next preceding Business Day 
common to Chicago and New York City banks and the Exchange. 
25601.H. 
 [Reserved] 
25602. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
25602.A. 
Physical Delivery 
1. 
Procedures 
In addition to the procedures and requirements contained in this chapter, delivery procedures shall 
be governed by the rules set forth in Chapter 7. 
2. 
Delivery Days 
Delivery shall be made on the third Wednesday of the contract month.  If that day is not a Business 
Day in the country of delivery or is a bank holiday in either Chicago or New York City, then delivery 
shall be made on the next day which is a Business Day in the country of delivery and is not a bank 
holiday in Chicago or New York City. 
25602.B. 
[Reserved] 


 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
25603. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 256) 


 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 1 of 3 
Chapter 256A 
Options on Mexican Peso/U.S. Dollar (MXN/USD) Futures 
 
256A00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to options on Mexican peso/U.S. dollar futures.  In addition to this 
chapter, options on Mexican peso/U.S. dollar futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations 
of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate 
Chicago time. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate 
Chicago time. 
Options contracts covered by this chapter may also be referred to as: 
MXN/USD Monthly Options 
MXN/USD Weekly Friday Options 
256A01. 
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS 
256A01.A. 
 
Contract Months, Trading Hours, and Trading Halts 
Options contracts shall be listed for such contract months (i.e., expirations) and scheduled for trading 
during such hours, except as indicated below, as may be determined by the Exchange.  
256A01.B. 
 
Trading Unit 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy, in the case of the call, or to sell, in the case of the put, one 
Mexican peso/U.S. dollar futures contract as specified in Chapter 256. 
256A01.C. 
 
Price Increments 
The price of an option shall be quoted in U.S. dollars per Mexican peso.  Each $.00001 per Mexican peso 
(one point) shall represent $5.00.  For example, a quote of .00088 represents an option price of $440.00 
(88 points x $5.00 per point).  The minimum fluctuations shall be one point.   
256A01.D. 
 
Underlying Futures Contract  
The underlying futures contract is the nearest futures contract in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., March, 
June, September and December) whose termination of trading follows the option’s last day of trading by 
more than two Exchange Business Days.  This rule applies to March quarterly, serial and weekly options 
on Mexican peso/U.S. dollar futures contracts. 
256A01.E. 
 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels  
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set forth 
in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to the 
Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions 
from the specified position limits. 
256A01.F. 
 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation limits 
as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
256A01.G. 
 
[Reserved]   
256A01.H. 
 
[Reserved] 
256A01.I. 
 
Termination of Trading and Expiration Days for Options  
1. 
Monthly Options in the March Quarterly Cycle ("Quarterly Options") 
Trading in monthly options in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., March, June, September and December) 
shall terminate at 11:30 a.m. Central time on the second Friday immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the contract month. If the foregoing date for termination is a scheduled Exchange holiday, 
trading in monthly options shall terminate on the immediately preceding Business Day. In the event that 


 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 2 of 3 
the underlying futures market does not open on the scheduled expiration day, the option expiration shall 
be extended to the next day on which the underlying futures market is open for trading. 
2. 
Monthly Options Not in the March Quarterly Cycle ("Serial Options") 
Trading in monthly options not in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., January, February, April, May, July, 
August, October and November) shall terminate at 11:30 a.m. Central time on the second Friday 
immediately preceding the third Wednesday of the contract month. If the foregoing date for termination is 
a scheduled Exchange holiday, trading in monthly options shall terminate on the immediately preceding 
Business Day. In the event that the underlying futures market does not open on the scheduled expiration 
day, the option expiration shall be extended to the next day on which the underlying futures market is 
open for trading. 
3. 
Weekly Friday Options 
Trading in weekly Friday options shall terminate at 11:30 a.m. Central time on those Fridays that are not 
also the termination of trading of a monthly option as described in the preceding sections 1 and 2. If the 
foregoing date for termination is a scheduled Exchange holiday, trading in weekly Friday options shall 
terminate on the immediately preceding Business Day. In the event that the underlying futures market 
does not open on the scheduled expiration day, the option expiration shall be extended to the next day 
on which the underlying futures market is open for trading. 
256A01.J. 
 
Exercise Prices and Listing of Exercise Prices 
Transactions and exercise of options shall be conducted for options contracts as set forth in the Strike 
Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table. 
The Exchange may modify the provisions governing the establishment of exercise prices as it deems 
appropriate. 
256A02. 
EXERCISE AND ASSIGNMENT 
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to the 
exercise of option contracts on Mexican peso/U.S. dollar futures.  All options on Mexican peso/U.S. dollar 
futures are European-style exercise only.  Early option exercise prior to the option expiration day is not 
permitted.  Contrary option exercise instructions are also not allowed. 
256A02.A.1.  
Exercise of Options  
All in-the-money options are automatically exercised by the Clearing House on the day of expiration for 
the option.  All out-of-the-money options are abandoned by the Clearing House on the day of expiration 
for the option.  To determine whether an option is in or out of the money on this day, the Exchange shall 
calculate the relevant “CME currency fixing price” from GLOBEX-traded underlying futures contracts as 
follows:  
Tier 1 
Take the 60-second average of sale (trade) prices, weighted by volume from 11:29:00 to 
11:29:59 a.m. on the day of determination of the CME currency fixing price.  
Tier 2 
If less than twenty or no sales (trades) occurred during the 60-second interval noted above, take 
the midpoint of each bid & ask spread where available and average the resulting midpoints over the 60-
second interval. 
Tier 3 
If no sales (trades) and no bid and ask prices occurred during the 60-second interval, then 
Exchange staff shall derive the CME currency fixing price (as a synthetic futures price) from quote vendor 
spot rates and appropriate maturity forward points. 
An option is in-the-money if the fixing price of the underlying futures contract lies above or is equal to the 
exercise price in the case of a call, or lies below the exercise price in the case of a put. 
256A02.B. 
 
Assignment  
Exercise notices accepted by the Clearing House shall be assigned through a process of random 
selection to clearing members with open short positions in the same series.  A clearing member to which 
an exercise notice is assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as practicable after such notice is assigned 
by the Clearing House, but not later than 45 minutes before the opening of Regular Trading Hours in the 
underlying futures contract on the following Business Day. 
The clearing member assigned an exercise notice shall be assigned a short position in the underlying 
futures contract if a call is exercised or a long position if a put is exercised.  The clearing member 
representing the option buyer shall be assigned a long position in the underlying futures contract if a call 
is exercised and a short position if a put is exercised. 
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of the option and shall 


 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 3 of 3 
be marked to market in accordance with Rule 814 on the Trading Day of acceptance by the Clearing 
House of the exercise notice. 
256A03. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 256A) 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
 
 
Chapter 257 
Brazilian Real/U.S. Dollar (BRL/USD) Futures 
25700. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Brazilian real/U.S. dollar futures.  In addition to this chapter, 
Brazilian real/U.S. dollar futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the 
Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
25701. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
25701.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and final settlement during such hours and in such 
months as may be determined by the Exchange. 
25701.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 100,000 Brazilian reais (plural of “real”). 
25701.C. 
Price Increments  
For trades executed on CME Globex electronic trading platform, minimum price fluctuations shall 
be in multiples of $.00005 per Brazilian real, equivalent to $5.00 per contract.  For transactions 
submitted through CME ClearPort, the minimum price fluctuation shall be $.000005 per Brazilian 
real. 
25701.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
25701.E. 
[Reserved]  
25701.F. 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.    
25701.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate on the last Business Day of the month, immediately preceding the 
contract month, on which the Central Bank of Brazil is scheduled to publish its final end-of-month 
(EOM) “Commercial exchange rate for Brazilian reais per U.S. dollar for cash delivery” (PTAX rate). 
If the foregoing date for termination is a holiday for the Exchange and GLOBEX®, futures trading 
shall terminate on the next preceding Business Day for either the Exchange or GLOBEX®. 
25701.H. 
 [Reserved] 
25702. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
25702.A. 
[Reserved] 
25702.B. 
Cash Settlement 
All Brazilian real/U.S. dollar futures contracts remaining open after the close of trading on the 
termination of trading day shall be liquidated by cash settlement at a price equal to the Final 
Settlement Price. The CME Brazilian real/U.S. dollar currency futures contract Final Settlement 
Price shall be equal to the reciprocal of the spot exchange rate for Brazilian real per U.S. dollar, 
defined as the average offered rate calculated by the Central Bank of Brazil on the last Business 
Day of the month for the Central Bank of Brazil immediately preceding the contract month, to 5 
decimal places (“BRL PTAX” or “BRL09” rate). This rate is reported by the Banco Central do Brasil 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
 
 
on its website at www.bcb.gov.br by approximately 1:15 p.m., São Paulo time.  All open positions 
shall be cash settled to the reciprocal of this rate on the Business Day following the last Business 
Day of the month for the Central Bank of Brazil. 
1. Procedures for a Price Source Disruption  
In the event of a Price Source Disruption as defined by the 1998 FX and Currency Option 
Definitions the Clearing House shall defer cash settlement to a subsequent day.  
2. Procedures for the Cessation of a Price Source Disruption  
Upon the cessation of a Price Source Disruption after a deferral period commences, CME shall 
determine the Final Settlement Price using the reciprocal of such Rate rounded to 5 decimal places 
and the Brazilian real/U.S. dollar futures contract shall be settled on such day. If, however, 14 
consecutive calendar days pass without the cessation of the Price Source Disruption, CME shall 
otherwise determine the Final Settlement Price.  
3. Procedures after 14-Day Deferral Period  
After the lapse of 14 consecutive calendar days without the cessation of the Price Source 
Disruption, CME Rule 812 shall apply to determine the Final Settlement Price.  
25703. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 257) 


 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 1 of 2 
 
Chapter 257A 
Options on Brazilian Real/U.S. Dollar (BRL/USD) Futures 
 
257A00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to options on Brazilian real/U.S. dollar futures.  In addition to this 
chapter, options on Brazilian real/U.S. dollar futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations 
of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate 
Chicago time. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate 
Chicago time. 
Options contracts covered by this chapter may also be referred to as: 
BRL/USD Monthly Options 
BRL/USD Weekly Friday Options 
257A01. 
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS 
257A01.A. 
Contract Months, Trading Hours, and Trading Halts 
Options contracts shall be listed for such contract months (i.e., expirations) and scheduled for trading 
during such hours, except as indicated below, as may be determined by the Exchange.  
257A01.B 
Trading Unit 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy, in the case of the call, or to sell, in the case of the put, one 
Brazilian real/U.S. dollar futures contract as specified in Chapter 257. 
257A01.C. 
Price Increments 
The price of an option shall be quoted in U.S. dollars per Brazilian real.  The minimum price increment 
shall be $.00001 per Brazilian real and represent $1.00 (contract size of BRL 100,000*$0.00001).  For 
example, a quote of .00871 represents an option price of $871.00 (100,000*0.00871). 
257A01.D. 
Underlying Futures Contract  
1. 
Monthly Options 
The underlying futures contract is the same as the option contract month (i.e., the January futures is the 
contract underlying the January option).   
2. 
Weekly Options 
For weekly Brazilian real/U.S. dollar option contract listings, the underlying futures contract is the nearest 
futures contract in the consecutive contract month cycle that has not yet terminated trading.  For example, 
the February futures is the underlying futures contract for the weekly options expiring on consecutive 
January Fridays.   
257A01.E. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set forth 
in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to the 
Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions 
from the specified position limits. 
257A01.F. 
 Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation limits 
as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
257A01.G. 
[Reserved]   
257A01.H. 
Termination of Trading 
1. 
Monthly Options 


 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 2 of 2 
 
Trading in monthly options on the Brazilian real/U.S. dollar futures contract shall terminate at the same 
date and time as the underlying futures contract. 
2. 
Weekly Friday Options 
Trading in weekly Friday options on the Brazilian real/U.S. dollar futures contract shall terminate at 4:00 
p.m. São Paulo time on those Fridays that are not also the termination of trading of a monthly option as 
described in the immediately preceding paragraph. If the foregoing date for termination is a scheduled 
Exchange holiday, trading in weekly Friday options shall terminate on the immediately preceding 
Business Day. In the event that the underlying futures market does not open on the scheduled expiration 
day, the option expiration shall be extended to the next day on which the underlying futures market is 
open for trading. 
257A01.I. 
[Reserved] 
257A01.J. 
Exercise Prices and Listing of Exercise Prices 
Transactions and exercise of options shall be conducted for options contracts as set forth in the Strike 
Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table. 
The Exchange may modify the provisions governing the establishment of exercise prices as it deems 
appropriate. 
257A02. 
RESERVED  
257A03. 
EXERCISE AND ASSIGNMENT 
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to the 
exercise of option contracts on Brazilian real/U.S. dollar futures. 
257A03.A. 
Exercise of Option by Buyer  
All in-the-money options are automatically exercised by the Clearing House on the day of expiration for 
the option.  All out-of-the-money options are abandoned by the Clearing House on the day of expiration 
for the option. An option is in-the-money if the settlement price of the underlying futures contract at 
termination lies above or is equal to the exercise price in the case of a call, or lies below the exercise 
price in the case of a put. 
257A03.B. 
Assignment  
Exercise notices accepted by the Clearing House shall be assigned through a process of random 
selection to clearing members with open short positions in the same series.  A clearing member to which 
an exercise notice is assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as practicable after such notice is assigned 
by the Clearing House, but not later than 45 minutes before the opening of Regular Trading Hours in the 
underlying futures contract on the following Business Day. 
The clearing member assigned an exercise notice shall be assigned a short position in the underlying 
futures contract if a call is exercised or a long position if a put is exercised.  The clearing member 
representing the option buyer shall be assigned a long position in the underlying futures contract if a call 
is exercised and a short position if a put is exercised. 
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of the option and shall 
be marked to market in accordance with Rule 814 on the Trading Day of acceptance by the Clearing 
House of the exercise notice. 
257A04. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 257A) 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 258 
New Zealand Dollar/U.S. Dollar (NZD/USD) Futures 
25800. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to New Zealand dollar/U.S. dollar futures.  In addition to this 
chapter, New Zealand dollar/U.S. dollar futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations 
of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
25801. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
25801.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
25801.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 100,000 New Zealand dollars. 
25801.C. 
Price Increments 
For trades executed on CME Globex electronic trading platform, minimum price fluctuations shall 
be in multiples of $.00005 per New Zealand dollar, equivalent to $5.00 per contract.  Trades may 
also occur in multiples of $.00005 per New Zealand dollar, commonly referred to as one half tick, 
for New Zealand dollar/U.S. dollar futures intra-currency spreads executed as simultaneous 
transactions pursuant to Rule 542.  For transactions submitted through CME ClearPort, the 
minimum price fluctuation shall be $0.00001 per New Zealand dollar. 
25801.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
25801.E. 
[Reserved]  
25801.F. 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation limits 
as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
25801.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate on the second Business Day immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the contract month.  If the foregoing date for termination is a bank holiday in 
Chicago or New York City, futures trading shall terminate on the next preceding Business Day 
common to Chicago and New York City banks and the Exchange. 
25801.H. 
 [Reserved] 
25802. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
25802.A. 
Physical Delivery 
1. 
Procedures 
In addition to the procedures and requirements contained in this chapter, delivery procedures shall 
be governed by the rules set forth in Chapter 7. 
2. 
Delivery Days 
Delivery shall be made on the third Wednesday of the contract month.  If that day is not a Business 
Day in the country of delivery or is a bank holiday in either Chicago or New York City, then delivery 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
shall be made on the next day which is a Business Day in the country of delivery and is not a bank 
holiday in Chicago or New York City. 
25802.B. 
[Reserved] 
25803. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 258) 


 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 1 of 3 
Chapter 258A 
Options on New Zealand Dollar/U.S. Dollar (NZD/USD) Futures 
 
258A00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to options on New Zealand dollar/U.S. dollar futures.  In addition to 
this chapter, options on New Zealand dollar/U.S. dollar futures shall be subject to the general rules and 
regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate 
Chicago time. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate 
Chicago time. 
Options contracts covered by this chapter may also be referred to as: 
NZD/USD Monthly Options 
NZD/USD Weekly Friday Options 
258A01. 
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS 
258A01.A. 
 
Contract Months, Trading Hours, and Trading Halts 
Options contracts shall be listed for such contract months (i.e., expirations) and scheduled for trading 
during such hours, except as indicated below, as may be determined by the Exchange.  
258A01.B 
 
Trading Unit 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy, in the case of the call, or to sell, in the case of the put, one New 
Zealand dollar/U.S. dollar futures contract as specified in Chapter 258. 
258A01.C. 
 
Price Increments 
The price of an option shall be quoted in U.S. dollars per New Zealand dollar.  Each $.0001 per New 
Zealand dollar (one point) shall represent $10.00.  For example, a quote of .0075 represents an option 
price of $750.00 (75 points x $10.00 per point).  The minimum fluctuation shall be one point (also known 
as one tick).  A trade may also occur at a price of $.00005 ($5.00, also known as one-half tick), $.00015 
($15, also known as one and one-half ticks), $.00025 ($25, also known as two and one-half ticks), $.00035 
($35, also known as three and one-half ticks), and $.00045 ($45, also known as four and one-half ticks). 
258A01.D. 
 
Underlying Futures Contract  
The underlying futures contract is the nearest futures contract in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., March, 
June, September and December) whose termination of trading follows the option's last day of trading by 
more than two Exchange Business Days.  This rule applies to March quarterly, serial, and weekly options 
on New Zealand dollar/U.S. dollar futures contracts.  
258A01.E. 
 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels  
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set forth 
in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to the 
Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions 
from the specified position limits. 
258A01.F. 
 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation limits 
as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
258A01.G. 
 
[Reserved] 
258A01.H. 
 
[Reserved] 
258A01.I. 
 
Termination of Trading and Expiration Days for Options  
1. 
Monthly Options in the March Quarterly Cycle ("Quarterly Options") 
Trading in monthly options in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., March, June, September and December) 


 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 2 of 3 
shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on the second Friday immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the contract month. If the foregoing date for termination is a scheduled Exchange holiday, 
trading in monthly options shall terminate on the immediately preceding Business Day. In the event that 
the underlying futures market does not open on the scheduled expiration day, the option expiration shall 
be extended to the next day on which the underlying futures market is open for trading. 
2. 
Monthly Options Not in the March Quarterly Cycle ("Serial Options") 
Trading in monthly options not in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., January, February, April, May, July, 
August, October and November) shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on the second Friday 
immediately preceding the third Wednesday of the contract month. If the foregoing date for termination is 
a scheduled Exchange holiday, trading in monthly options shall terminate on the immediately preceding 
Business Day. In the event that the underlying futures market does not open on the scheduled expiration 
day, the option expiration shall be extended to the next day on which the underlying futures market is 
open for trading. 
3. 
Weekly Friday Options 
Trading in weekly Friday options shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on those Fridays that are not 
also the termination of trading of a monthly option as described in the preceding sections 1 and 2. If the 
foregoing date for termination is a scheduled Exchange holiday, trading in weekly Friday options shall 
terminate on the immediately preceding Business Day. In the event that the underlying futures market 
does not open on the scheduled expiration day, the option expiration shall be extended to the next day 
on which the underlying futures market is open for trading. 
258A01.J. 
 
Exercise Prices and Listing of Exercise Prices 
Transactions and exercise of options shall be conducted for options contracts as set forth in the Strike 
Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table. 
The Exchange may modify the provisions governing the establishment of exercise prices as it deems 
appropriate.  
258A02. 
EXERCISE AND ASSIGNMENT 
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to the 
exercise of option contracts on New Zealand dollar/U.S. dollar futures.  All options on New Zealand 
dollar/U.S. dollar futures are European-style exercise only.  Early option exercise prior to the option 
expiration day is not permitted.  Contrary option exercise instructions are also not allowed.  
258A02.A. 
 
Exercise of Option by Buyer  
All in-the-money options are automatically exercised by the Clearing House on the day of expiration for 
the option.  All out-of-the-money options are abandoned by the Clearing House on the day of expiration 
for the option. To determine whether an option is in or out of the money on this day, the Exchange shall 
calculate the relevant “CME currency fixing price” from GLOBEX-traded underlying futures contracts as 
follows:  
Tier 1 
Take the 60-second average of sale (trade) prices, weighted by volume from 8:59:00 to 8:59:59 
a.m. on the day of determination of the CME currency fixing price.  
Tier 2 
If less than twenty or no sales (trades) occurred during the 60-second interval noted above, take 
the midpoint of each bid & ask spread where available and average the resulting midpoints over the 60-
second interval. 
Tier 3 
If no sales (trades) and no bid and ask prices occurred during the 60-second interval, then 
Exchange staff shall derive the CME currency fixing price (as a synthetic futures price) from quote vendor 
spot rates and appropriate maturity forward points. 
An option is in-the-money if the fixing price of the underlying futures contract at termination lies above or 
is equal to the exercise price in the case of a call, or lies below the exercise price in the case of a put. 
258A03.B. 
 
Assignment  
Exercise notices accepted by the Clearing House shall be assigned through a process of random 
selection to clearing members with open short positions in the same series.  A clearing member to which 
an exercise notice is assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as practicable after such notice is assigned 
by the Clearing House, but not later than 45 minutes before the opening of Regular Trading Hours in the 
underlying futures contract on the following Business Day. 
The clearing member assigned an exercise notice shall be assigned a short position in the underlying 
futures contract if a call is exercised or a long position if a put is exercised.  The clearing member 
representing the option buyer shall be assigned a long position in the underlying futures contract if a call 


 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 3 of 3 
is exercised and a short position if a put is exercised. 
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of the option and shall 
be marked to market in accordance with Rule 814 on the Trading Day of acceptance by the Clearing 
House of the exercise notice. 
258A03. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 258A) 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 259 
South African Rand/U.S. Dollar (ZAR/USD) Futures 
25900. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to South African rand/U.S. dollar futures.  In addition to this 
chapter, South African rand/U.S. dollar futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations 
of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
25901. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
25901.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
25901.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 500,000 South African rand. 
25901.C. 
Price Increments 
For trades executed on CME Globex electronic trading platform, minimum price fluctuations shall 
be in multiplies of $.000025 per South African rand, equivalent to $12.50 per contract. For 
transactions submitted through CME ClearPort, the minimum price fluctuation shall be $.000001 
per South African rand. 
25901.D. 
  Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
25901.E. 
[Reserved]  
25901.F. 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
25901.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate on the second Business Day immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the contract month.  If the foregoing date for termination is a bank holiday in 
Chicago or New York City, futures trading shall terminate on the next preceding Business Day 
common to Chicago and New York City banks and the Exchange. 
25901.H. 
 [Reserved] 
25902. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
25902.A. 
Physical Delivery 
1. 
Procedures 
In addition to the procedures and requirements contained in this chapter, delivery procedures shall 
be governed by the rules set forth in Chapter 7. 
2. 
Delivery Days 
Delivery shall be made on the third Wednesday of the contract month.  If that day is not a Business 
Day in the country of delivery or is a bank holiday in either Chicago or New York City, then delivery 
shall be made on the next day which is a Business Day in the country of delivery and is not a bank 
holiday in Chicago or New York City. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
25902.B. 
[Reserved] 
25903. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 259) 
 


 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 1 of 3 
Chapter 259A 
Options on South African Rand/U.S. Dollar (ZAR/USD) Futures 
 
259A00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to options on South African rand/U.S. dollar futures.  In addition to 
this chapter, options on South African rand/U.S. dollar futures shall be subject to the general rules and 
regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate 
Chicago time. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
Options contracts covered by this chapter may also be referred to as: 
ZAR/USD Monthly Options 
ZAR/USD Weekly Friday Options 
259A01. 
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS 
259A01.A. 
Contract Months, Trading Hours, and Trading Halts 
Options contracts shall be listed for such contract months (i.e., expirations) and scheduled for trading 
during such hours, except as indicated below, as may be determined by the Exchange.  
259A01.B 
Trading Unit 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy, in the case of the call, or to sell, in the case of the put, one 
South African rand/U.S. dollar futures contract as specified in Chapter 259. 
259A01.C. 
Price Increments 
The price of an option shall be quoted in U.S. dollars per South African rand. Each $.00001 per South 
African rand (one point) shall represent $5.00. For example, a quote of .00087 represents an option price 
of $435.00 (87.0 points x $5.00 per point). The minimum fluctuation shall be one point (also known as 
one tick). A trade may also occur at a price of $0.000005 ($2.50, also known as one-half tick), whether or 
not it results in the liquidation of positions for both parties to the trade. 
259A01.D. 
Underlying Futures Contract  
1. 
Monthly Options 
The underlying futures contract is the nearest futures contract in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., March, 
June, September and December) that has not yet terminated trading. 
2. 
Weekly Friday Options 
For weekly Friday South African rand/U.S. dollar options the underlying futures contract is the nearest 
futures contract in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., March, June, September and December) that has not 
yet terminated trading. 
259A01.E. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels  
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set forth 
in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to the 
Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions 
from the specified position limits. 
259A01.F. 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation limits 
as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
259A01.G.  [Reserved]   
259A01.H. 
[Reserved] 


 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 2 of 3 
259A01.I. 
Termination of Trading and Expiration Days for Options  
1. 
Monthly Options 
Trading in monthly options on monthly South African rand/U.S. dollar futures contracts shall terminate at 
9:00 a.m. Central time on the second Friday immediately preceding the third Wednesday of the contract 
month. If the foregoing date for termination is a scheduled Exchange holiday, trading in monthly options 
shall terminate on the immediately preceding business day. In the event that the underlying futures market 
does not open on the scheduled expiration day, the option expiration shall be extended to the next day 
on which the underlying futures market is open for trading. 
2. 
Weekly Friday Options 
Trading in weekly Friday options on the South African rand/U.S. dollar futures contract shall terminate at 
9:00 a.m. Central time on those Fridays that are not also the termination of trading of a monthly option as 
described in the immediately preceding paragraph. If the foregoing date for termination is a scheduled 
Exchange holiday, trading in weekly Friday options shall terminate on the immediately preceding business 
day. In the event that the underlying futures market does not open on the scheduled expiration day, the 
option expiration shall be extended to the next day on which the underlying futures market is open for 
trading. 
259A01.J. 
Exercise Prices and Listing of Exercise Prices 
Transactions and exercise of options shall be conducted for options contracts as set forth in the Strike 
Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table. 
The Exchange may modify the provisions governing the establishment of exercise prices as it deems 
appropriate.  
259A03. 
EXERCISE AND ASSIGNMENT 
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to the 
exercise of option contracts on South African rand/U.S. dollar futures.  All options on South African 
rand/U.S. dollar futures are European-style exercise only.  Early option exercise prior to the option 
expiration day is not permitted.  Contrary option exercise instructions are also not allowed. 
259A03.A. 
 
Exercise of Options  
All in-the-money options are automatically exercised by the Clearing House on the day of expiration for 
the option.  All out-of-the-money options are abandoned by the Clearing House on the day of expiration 
for the option. To determine whether an option is in or out of the money on this day, the Exchange shall 
calculate the relevant “CME currency fixing price” from GLOBEX-traded underlying futures contracts as 
follows:  
Tier 1 
Take the 60-second average of sale (trade) prices, weighted by volume from 8:59:00 to 8:59:59 
a.m. on the day of determination of the CME currency fixing price.  
Tier 2 
If less than twenty or no sales (trades) occurred during the 60-second interval, take the midpoint 
of each bid & ask spread where available and average the resulting midpoints over the 60- second 
interval. 
Tier 3  
If no sales (trades) and no bid and ask prices occurred during the 60-second interval, then 
Exchange staff shall derive the CME currency fixing price (as a synthetic futures price) from quote vendor 
spot rates and appropriate maturity forward points.  
An option is in-the-money if the fixing price of the underlying futures contract at termination lies above or 
is equal to the exercise price in the case of a call, or lies below the exercise price in the case of a put. 
259A03.B. 
 
Assignment  
Exercise notices accepted by the Clearing House shall be assigned through a process of random 
selection to clearing members with open short positions in the same series.  A clearing member to which 
an exercise notice is assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as practicable after such notice is assigned 
by the Clearing House, but not later than 45 minutes before the opening of Regular Trading Hours in the 
underlying futures contract on the following Business Day. 
The clearing member assigned an exercise notice shall be assigned a short position in the underlying 
futures contract if a call is exercised or a long position if a put is exercised.  The clearing member 
representing the option buyer shall be assigned a long position in the underlying futures contract if a call 
is exercised and a short position if a put is exercised. 


 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 3 of 3 
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of the option and shall 
be marked to market in accordance with Rule 814 on the Trading Day of acceptance by the Clearing 
House of the exercise notice. 
259A04. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 259A) 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 259L 
 U.S. Dollar/South African Rand (USD/ZAR) Futures  
259L00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to U.S. dollar/South African rand futures.  In addition to this 
chapter, U.S. dollar/South African rand futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations 
of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
259L01. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
259L01.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
 259L01.B. 
Trading Unit 
 The unit of trading shall be 100,000 U.S. dollars. 
 259L01.C. 
Price Increments 
For trades executed on CME Globex electronic trading platform, minimum price fluctuations shall 
be in multiplies of 0.0001 South African rand per U.S. dollar, equivalent to 10 South African rand 
per contract.  Trades may also occur in multiples of 0.00005 South African rand per U.S. dollar 
(equivalent to 5 South African rand per contract), commonly referred to as a one-half tick, for U.S. 
dollar/South African rand futures intra-currency spreads executed as simultaneous transactions on 
GLOBEX® pursuant to Rule 542.F. For transactions submitted through CME ClearPort, the 
minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.00001 South African rand per U.S. dollar. 
284L.01.D. Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
259L01.E. 
[Reserved] 
259L01.F. 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
259L01.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate on the second Business Day immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the contract month.  If the foregoing date for termination is a bank holiday in 
Chicago or New York City, futures trading shall terminate on the next preceding Business Day 
common to Chicago and New York City banks and the Exchange. 
259L01.H. 
[Reserved]  
259L02. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
 
 
 
259L02.A. 
Physical Delivery 
 
 
 
1. Procedures 
 
 
 
In addition to the procedures and requirements contained in this chapter, delivery procedures shall 
be governed by the rules set forth in Chapter 7. 
 
 
 
2. Delivery Days 
 
 
 
Delivery shall be made on the third Wednesday of the contract month.  If that day is not a Business 
Day in the country of delivery or is a bank holiday in either Chicago or New York City, then delivery 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
shall be made on the next day which is a Business Day in the country of delivery and is not a bank 
holiday in Chicago or New York City. 
 
 
 
259L02.B. 
[Reserved] 
259L03. 
[RESERVED] 
 
 
 
(End Chapter 259L) 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 260 
Russian Ruble/U.S. Dollar (RUB/USD) Futures 
26000. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Russian ruble/U.S. dollar futures.  In addition to this chapter, 
Russian ruble/U.S. dollar futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the 
Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
26001. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
26001.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and final settlement during such hours and in such 
months as may be determined by the Exchange. 
26001.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 2,500,000 Russian rubles.  
26001.C. 
Price Increments 
Minimum price fluctuations shall be in multiples of $.000005 per Russian ruble (equivalent to 
$12.50) per contract.   
26001.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
26001.E. 
[Reserved]  
26001.F. 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
26001.G. Termination of Trading  
 
Futures trading shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. (London Time) on the 15th calendar day of the 
contract month. If the foregoing date for termination is not a business day for the London interbank 
foreign exchange market, futures trading shall terminate at the same time on the next business 
day for the London interbank foreign exchange market. 
26001.H. 
 [Reserved] 
26002. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
26002.A. 
[Reserved] 
26002.B. Cash Settlement  
 
 
All Russian ruble/U.S. dollar futures contracts remaining open after the close of trading on the 
termination of trading day shall be liquidated by cash settlement at a price equal to the Final 
Settlement Price. 
 
 
The CME Russian ruble/U.S. dollar futures contract Final Settlement Price shall be equal to the 
reciprocal of the WM/Refinitiv (“WMR”) “Russian ruble per U.S Dollar” spot exchange rate, for 
settlement in one business day at 10:00 a.m. (London Time) (WM/Refinitiv MID (WMR03), 
rounded to six decimal places. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
 
 
1. Futures Final Settlement Price when the WM/Refinitiv MID (WMR03) Rate is Unavailable for a 
Given Day 
 
 
In the event that the RUB WM/Refinitiv MID (WMR03) rate is determined in the sole discretion of 
the Exchange to be unavailable on the CME Russian ruble/U.S. dollar futures contract Termination 
of Trading day, then final settlement price of the CME Russian ruble/U.S. dollar futures contract 
shall be equal to the reciprocal of the “RUB MOEX (RUB05),” which is the “Russian ruble per U.S. 
Dollar” spot exchange rate, for settlement in one business day, reported by the Moscow Exchange 
(MOEX) (www.moex.com/en/fixing) as the MOEX USD/RUB FX Fixing at approximately 12:35 
p.m., (Moscow Time) rounded to six decimal places. 
 
 
 
2. Futures Final Settlement Price when both the RUB WM/Refinitiv MID (WMR03) Rate and the 
RUB MOEX (RUB05) are Unavailable for a Given Day 
 
 
In the event that both the RUB WM/Refinitiv MID (WMR03) rate and the RUB MOEX (RUB05) rate 
are determined in the sole discretion of the Exchange to be unavailable on the CME Russian 
ruble/U.S. dollar futures contract Termination of Trading day, then final settlement may be deferred 
or postponed for up to (but not more than) 14 consecutive calendar days. This procedure is 
intended to correspond to the deferral or postponement procedure followed by the NDF market 
pursuant to recognized market practices as published by EMTA, Inc. Upon the publication of the 
RUB WM/Refinitiv MID (WMR03) Rate or the RUB MOEX (RUB05) rate prior to the lapse of such 
14-day period, CME shall determine the Final Settlement Price using the reciprocal of such Rate 
and the CME Russian ruble/U.S. dollar futures contract shall be settled on such day. If however, 
14 consecutive calendar days pass without publication of the RUB WM/Refinitiv MID (WMR03) 
Rate or the RUB MOEX (RUB05) rate, CME shall otherwise determine the Final Settlement Price.  
 
 
Rule 812 shall apply to determine the final settlement price based on any available information.  
 
26003. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 260) 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 1 of 3 
 
 
 
Chapter 260A 
Options on Russian Ruble/U.S. Dollar (RUB/USD) Futures 
260A00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to options on Russian ruble/U.S. dollar futures.  In addition to this 
chapter, options on Russian ruble/U.S. dollar futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations 
of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate 
Chicago time. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate 
Chicago time. 
Options contracts covered by this chapter may also be referred to as: 
RUB/USD Monthly Options 
RUB/USD Weekly Friday Options 
260A01. 
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS 
260A01.A. 
Contract Months, Trading Hours, and Trading Halts 
Options contracts shall be listed for such contract months (i.e., expirations) and scheduled for trading 
during such hours, except as indicated below, as may be determined by the Exchange.  
260A01.B 
Trading Unit 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy, in the case of the call, or to sell, in the case of the put, one 
Russian ruble/U.S. dollar futures contract as specified in Chapter 260. 
260A01.C. 
Price Increments 
The price of an option shall be quoted in U.S. dollars per Russian ruble.  The minimum price increment 
shall be $.000002 per Russian ruble and represent $5.00 (contract size of RUB2,500,000*$0.000002). 
For example, a quote of .000302 represents an option price of $755.00 (2,500,000*0.000302).   
260A01.D. 
Underlying Futures Contract  
1. 
Monthly Options 
The underlying futures contract is the nearest futures contract in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., March, 
June, September and December) that has not yet terminated trading. 
2. 
Weekly Options 
For weekly Russian ruble/U.S. dollar option contract listings, the underlying futures contract is the nearest 
futures contract in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., March, June, September and December) that has not 
yet terminated trading. 
260A01.E. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set forth 
in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to the 
Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions 
from the specified position limits. 
260A01.F. 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation limits 
as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
260A01.G. 
[Reserved]  


 
 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 2 of 3 
 
 
 
260A01.H.  Termination of Trading 
1. Monthly Options  
Trading in monthly options on the Russian ruble/U.S. dollar futures contract shall terminate at 10:00 a.m. 
London time two Exchange Business Days prior to the 15th of the month. If the foregoing date termination 
is not a business day for the London interbank foreign exchange market, trading shall terminate on the 
immediately preceding business day for the London interbank foreign exchange market. In the event that 
the underlying futures market does not open on the scheduled expiration day, the option expiration shall 
be extended to the next day on which the underlying futures market is open for trading. 
2. Weekly Friday Options  
Trading in weekly Friday options shall terminate at 10:00 a.m. London time on those Fridays that are not 
in the same week as the termination of trading of a monthly option as described in the immediately 
preceding paragraph. If the foregoing date for termination is a scheduled Exchange holiday, trading in 
weekly Friday options shall terminate on the immediately preceding Business Day. In the event that the 
underlying futures market does not open on the scheduled expiration day, the option expiration shall be 
extended to the next day on which the underlying futures market is open for trading.  
260A01.I. 
[Reserved] 
260A01.J. 
Exercise Prices and Listing of Exercise Prices 
Transactions and exercise of options shall be conducted for options contracts as set forth in the Strike 
Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table. 
The Exchange may modify the provisions governing the establishment of exercise prices as it deems 
appropriate. 
260A03. 
EXERCISE AND ASSIGNMENT 
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to the 
exercise of option contracts on Russian ruble/U.S. dollar futures. 
260A03.A.  Exercise of Options 
All in-the-money options are automatically exercised by the Clearing House on the day of expiration for 
the option. All out-of-the-money options are abandoned by the Clearing House on the day of expiration 
for the option. To determine whether an option is in or out of the money on this day, the Exchange shall 
calculate the relevant “CME currency fixing price” from CME Globex-traded underlying futures contracts 
as follows:  
Tier 1 Take the 60-second average of sale (trade) prices, weighted by volume from 09:59:00 to 09:59:59 
a.m. London time on the day of determination of the CME currency fixing price.  
Tier 2 If less than twenty or no sales (trades) occurred during the 60-second interval noted above, take 
the midpoint of each bid & ask spread where available and average the resulting midpoints over the 60- 
second interval.  
Tier 3 If no sales (trades) and no bid and ask prices occurred during the 60-second interval, then 
Exchange staff shall derive the CME currency fixing price (as a synthetic futures price) from quote vendor 
spot rates and appropriate maturity forward points.  
An option is in-the-money if the settlement price of the underlying futures contract at termination lies 
above or is equal to the exercise price in the case of a call, or lies below the exercise price in the case of 
a put.  
260A03.B. 
Assignment  
Exercise notices accepted by the Clearing House shall be assigned through a process of random 
selection to clearing members with open short positions in the same series.  A clearing member to which 
an exercise notice is assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as practicable after such notice is assigned 
by the Clearing House, but not later than 45 minutes before the opening of Regular Trading Hours in the 
underlying futures contract on the following Business Day. 
The clearing member assigned an exercise notice shall be assigned a short position in the underlying 
futures contract if a call is exercised or a long position if a put is exercised.  The clearing member 


 
 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 3 of 3 
 
 
 
representing the option buyer shall be assigned a long position in the underlying futures contract if a call 
is exercised and a short position if a put is exercised. 
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of the option and shall 
be marked to market in accordance with Rule 814 on the Trading Day of acceptance by the Clearing 
House of the exercise notice. 
260A04. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 260A) 


 
 
 
 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Chapter 261 
Euro/U.S. Dollar (EUR/USD) Futures 
 
26100. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Euro/U.S. dollar futures.  In addition to this chapter, 
Euro/U.S. dollar futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange 
insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
26101. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
26101.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
26101.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 125,000 Euro. 
26101.C. 
Price Increments 
For trades executed on CME Globex electronic trading platform, minimum price fluctuations shall 
be in multiples of $.00005 per Euro, equivalent to $6.25 per contract.  Trades may also occur in 
multiples of $.00002 per Euro for Euro/U.S. dollar futures intra-currency spreads executed as 
simultaneous transactions pursuant to Rule 542.  For transactions submitted through CME 
ClearPort, the minimum price fluctuation shall be $0.00001 per Euro. 
26101.D. 
 Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
26101.E. 
[Reserved]  
26101.F. 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
26101.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate on the second Business Day immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the contract month.  If this date for termination of trading is not separated from the 
delivery day by at least one Business Day for the ECU Clearing System of the ECU Banking 
Association (EBA), futures trading shall terminate on the next preceding Business Day.  If the date 


 
 
 
 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 3 
 
 
 
 
 
for termination of trading defined above is a bank holiday in Chicago or New York City, futures 
trading shall terminate on the next preceding Business Day common to Chicago and New York City 
banks and the Exchange. 
26101.H. 
[Reserved] 
26102.          SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
26102.A. 
Physical Delivery 
1. 
Procedures 
In addition to the procedures and requirements contained in this chapter, delivery procedures shall 
be governed by the rules set forth in Chapter 7. 
2. 
Delivery Days 
Delivery shall be made on the third Wednesday of the contract month.  If that day is not a Business 
Day in the country of delivery or is a bank holiday in either Chicago or New York City, then delivery 
shall be made on the next day which is a Business Day in the country of delivery and is not a bank 
holiday in Chicago or New York City. 
26102.B. 
[Reserved] 
26103.  
[Reserved] 
26104. 
[Reserved] 
26105. 
[Reserved] 
26106. 
BASIS TRADE AT INDEX CLOSE (“BTIC”) TRANSACTIONS  
All BTIC transactions must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 524.B.  
In respect of BTIC transactions in Euro/U.S. Dollar (EUR/USD) Futures contracts, the reference 
index shall be the WM/Refinitiv London 4:00 p.m. Closing Spot Rate for EUR/USD (the “Index”). 
26106.A. 
Block Trade Requirements  
BTIC block trades must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 526. For a BTIC 
or BTIC block trade executed on a given Trading Day on or before the commencement of the 
assessment period of the Index, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the 
Index closing value for the current Trading Day.  For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed on a 
given Trading Day after the commencement of the assessment period of the Index, the 
corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the Index closing value for the next 
Trading Day.  
26106.B. 
Price Assignment Procedures  
The price assignment procedures for BTIC transactions shall follow Rule 524.B.3.  
26106.C. 
Minimum Price Increments  
Bids and offers shall be quoted in U.S. dollars per Euro. For trades executed on CME Globex 
electronic trading platform, minimum price fluctuations shall be in multiples of $0.000005 per Euro, 
equivalent to $0.625 per contract.  For transactions submitted through CME ClearPort, the 
minimum price fluctuation shall be $0.000001 per Euro. For avoidance of doubt, a BTIC transaction 
may trade at positive or negative values, or at a value of zero, in accordance with Rules 524.B. 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 3 of 3 
 
 
 
 
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES RELATING TO CHAPTER 261 
The WM/Refinitiv Closing Spot Rates are provided by Refinitiv. Refinitiv shall not be liable for any 
errors in or delays in providing or making available the WM/Refinitiv Spot Rates, nor for any actions 
taken in reliance on the same. The Closing Spot Rates cannot be used, reproduced, distributed, 
redistributed, licensed or disclosed in any way without a written agreement with Refinitiv. 
 
(End Chapter 261) 


 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 1 of 3 
 
Chapter 261A 
Options on Euro/U.S. Dollar (EUR/USD) Futures 
 
261A00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to options on Euro/U.S. dollar futures.  In addition to this chapter, 
options on Euro/U.S. dollar futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange 
insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate 
Chicago time. 
Options contracts covered by this chapter may also be referred to as: 
EUR/USD Monthly Options 
EUR/USD Weekly Monday Options 
EUR/USD Weekly Tuesday Options  
EUR/USD Weekly Wednesday Options 
EUR/USD Weekly Thursday Options 
EUR/USD Weekly Friday Options 
261A01. 
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS 
261A01.A. 
 
Contract Months, Trading Hours, and Trading Halts 
Options contracts shall be listed for such contract months (i.e., expirations) and scheduled for trading 
during such hours, except as indicated below, as may be determined by the Exchange.  
261A01.B 
 
Trading Unit 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy, in the case of the call, or to sell, in the case of the put, one 
Euro/U.S. dollar futures contract as specified in Chapter 261. 
261A01.C. 
 
Price Increments 
The price of an option shall be quoted in U.S. dollars per Euro.  Each $0.0001 per Euro (one point) shall 
represent $12.50.  For example, a quote of .0075 represents an option price of $937.50 (75 points x 
$12.50 per point) of premium.  The minimum fluctuation shall be one point (also known as one tick).  A 
trade may also occur at a price of $.00005 ($6.25, also known as one-half tick), $.00015 ($18.75, also 
known as one and one-half ticks), $.00025 ($31.25, also known as two and one-half ticks), $.00035 
($43.75, also known as three and one-half ticks), and $.00045 ($56.25, also known as four and one-half 
ticks). 
261A01.D. 
 
Underlying Futures Contract  
1. 
Quarterly and Serial Options 
The underlying futures contract is the nearest futures contract in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., March,   June, 
September and December) that has not yet terminated trading. 
2. 
Weekly Options 
The underlying futures contract is the nearest quarterly futures contract following the options expiration, with 
the exception that for weekly options expiring between the quarterly option expiration and the nearest quarterly 
futures termination of trading date, the underlying futures contact is the next nearest quarterly futures contract. 
261A01.E. 
 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set forth 
in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to the 
Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions 
from the specified position limits. 
261A01.F. 
 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation limits 
as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations & Special 


 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 2 of 3 
 
Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
261A01.G. 
 
[Reserved]  
261A01.H. 
 
[Reserved] 
261A01.I. 
 
[Reserved] 
261A01.J. 
 
Termination of Trading and Expiration Days for Options  
1. 
Monthly Options in the March Quarterly Cycle ("Quarterly Options") 
Trading in monthly options in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., March, June, September and December) 
shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on the second Friday immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the contract month. If the foregoing date for termination is a scheduled Exchange holiday, 
trading in monthly options shall terminate on the immediately preceding business day. In the event that 
the underlying futures market does not open on the scheduled expiration day, the option expiration shall 
be extended to the next day on which the underlying futures market is open for trading. 
2. 
Monthly Options Not in the March Quarterly Cycle ("Serial Options") 
Trading in monthly options not in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., January, February, April, May, July, 
August, October and November) shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on the second Friday 
immediately preceding the third Wednesday of the contract month. If the foregoing date for termination is 
a scheduled Exchange holiday, trading in monthly options shall terminate on the immediately preceding 
business day. In the event that the underlying futures market does not open on the scheduled expiration 
day, the option expiration shall be extended to the next day on which the underlying futures market is 
open for trading. 
3. 
Weekly Monday Options Trading in weekly Monday options shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time 
on Mondays. If the foregoing date for termination is a scheduled Exchange holiday, such weekly 
Monday option shall not be listed for trading. In the event that the underlying futures market does not 
open on the scheduled expiration day, the option expiration shall be extended to the next day on 
which the underlying futures market is open for trading. 
4. 
Weekly Tuesday Options 
Trading in weekly Tuesday options shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on Tuesdays. If the foregoing 
date for termination is a scheduled Exchange holiday, such weekly Tuesday option shall not be listed for 
trading. In the event that the underlying futures market does not open on the scheduled expiration day, the 
option expiration shall be extended to the next day on which the underlying futures market is open for trading. 
5. 
Weekly Wednesday Options 
Trading in weekly Wednesday options shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on Wednesdays.  If the 
foregoing date for termination is a scheduled Exchange holiday, such weekly Wednesday option shall 
not be listed for trading.  In the event that the underlying futures market does not open on the 
scheduled expiration day, the option expiration shall be extended to the next day on which the 
underlying futures market is open for trading. 
6.  Weekly Thursday Options 
Trading in weekly Thursday options shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on Thursdays. If the 
foregoing date for termination is a scheduled Exchange holiday or the day prior to a scheduled Exchange 
holiday, such weekly Thursday option shall not be listed for trading.  In the event that the underlying 
futures market does not open on the scheduled expiration day, the option expiration shall be extended to 
the next day on which the underlying futures market is open for trading. 
7.  Weekly Friday Options 
Trading in weekly Friday options shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on those Fridays that are not 
also the termination of trading of a monthly option as described in the preceding sections 1 and 2. If the 
foregoing date for termination is a scheduled Exchange holiday, trading in weekly Friday options shall 
terminate on the immediately preceding business day. In the event that the underlying futures market 
does not open on the scheduled expiration day, the option expiration shall be extended to the next day 
on which the underlying futures market is open for trading. 
261A01.K. 
     Exercise Prices and Listing of Exercise Prices 
Transactions and exercise of options shall be conducted for options contracts as set forth in the Strike 
Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table. 
The Exchange may modify the provisions governing the establishment of exercise prices as it deems 
appropriate.  
261A02. 
EXERCISE AND ASSIGNMENT 


 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 3 of 3 
 
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to the 
exercise of option contracts on Euro/U.S. dollar futures.  All options on Euro/U.S. dollar futures are 
European-style exercise only.  Early option exercise prior to the option expiration day is not permitted.  
Contrary option exercise instructions are also not allowed.  
261A02.A.1.  
 
[Reserved] 
261A02.A.2.  
 
[Reserved] 
261A02.A.3.  
 
Exercise of Options  
All in-the-money options are automatically exercised by the Clearing House on the day of expiration for 
the option.  All out-of-the-money options are abandoned by the Clearing House on the day of expiration 
for the option.  To determine whether an option is in or out of the money on this day, the Exchange shall 
calculate the relevant “CME currency fixing price” from GLOBEX-traded underlying futures contracts as 
follows:  
Tier 1 
Take the 60-second average of sale (trade) prices, weighted by volume from 8:59:00 to 8:59:59 
a.m. on the day of determination of the CME currency fixing price.  
Tier 2 
If less than twenty or no sales (trades) occurred during the 60-second interval noted above, take 
the midpoint of each bid & ask spread where available and average the resulting midpoints over the 60-
second interval. 
Tier 3 
If no sales (trades) and no bid and ask prices occurred during the 60-second interval, then 
Exchange staff shall derive the CME currency fixing price (as a synthetic futures price) from quote vendor 
spot rates and appropriate maturity forward points. 
An option is in-the-money if the fixing price of the underlying futures contract lies above or is equal to the 
exercise price in the case of a call, or lies below the exercise price in the case of a put. 
261A02.B. 
 
Assignment  
Exercise notices created by the Clearing House for buyers of options shall be assigned by the Clearing 
House through a process of random selection to clearing members with open short positions in the same 
series.  A clearing member to which an exercise notice is assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as 
practicable after such notice is assigned by the Clearing House, but not later than 45 minutes before the 
opening of Regular Trading Hours in the underlying futures contract on the following Business Day. 
The clearing member assigned an exercise notice shall be assigned a short position in the underlying 
futures contract if a call is exercised or a long position if a put is exercised.  The clearing member 
representing the option buyer shall be assigned a long position in the underlying futures contract if a call 
is exercised and a short position if a put is exercised. 
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of the option and shall 
be marked to market in accordance with Rule 814 on the Trading Day of acceptance by the Clearing 
House of the exercise notice. 
261A03. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 261A) 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 261B 
BTIC+ on Euro/U.S. Dollar (EUR/USD) Futures  
 
261B00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
 
This chapter is limited in application to BTIC+ on Euro/U.S. Dollar (EUR/USD) Futures contract 
(“BTIC+ on EC Futures”). In addition to this Chapter, futures shall be subject to the general rules 
and regulations of the Exchange as applicable.  
 
For purposes of the chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to an 
indicate Chicago Prevailing Time (“CPT”). 
 
261B01. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
 
261B01.A.  
Contract Grade  
 
Upon the expiration of a BTIC+ on EC, as defined below, holders of long and short positions shall 
be assigned a Basis Trade at Index Close (“BTIC”) transaction in Euro/U.S. Dollar (EUR/USD) 
Futures (“EC Futures”) in accordance with Rules 524.B., and Rule 26106.B.  
 
The assigned transaction for an expiring BTIC+ on EC Futures shall be a BTIC transaction in one 
(1) EC Futures for delivery in the nearest Quarterly contract month (March, June, September, or 
December) following the Delivery Date specified by the Exchange, pursuant to Rule 261B02.E. 
 
261B01.B. 
Delivery 
 
Delivery shall apply to all positions in expiring futures contracts that remain open following 
termination of trading (Rule 261B02.G.). For any such futures contract, delivery shall occur on the 
day specified by the Exchange (Rule 261B02.E.). 
 
To each long (short) position in an expiring futures contract in delivery, CME Clearing shall assign 
a long (short) position of one Contract Grade EC Futures at a price level equal to the Final 
Settlement Price of such expiring futures contract, in accordance with Rule 261B03.A.  The BTIC 
transaction assigned in fulfilment of an expiring BTIC+ on EC Futures contract shall be priced in 
BTIC terms. 
 
261B02. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS  
 
261B02.A. 
Trading Schedule 
 
BTIC+ on EC Futures shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and in such months as may 
be determined by the Exchange.  
 
261B02.B. 
Trading Unit 
 
For any given BTIC+ on EC Futures, the trading unit shall be one EC Futures (CME Chapter 261). 
 
261B02.C. 
Price Increments  
 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in U.S. dollars per Euro. For trades executed on CME Globex 
electronic trading platform, minimum price fluctuations shall be in multiples of $0.000005 per Euro, 
equivalent to $0.625 per contract.  For transactions submitted through CME ClearPort, the 
minimum price fluctuation shall be $0.000001 per Euro. For avoidance of doubt, a BTIC+ on EC 
Futures may trade at positive or negative values, or at a value of zero, in accordance with Rule 
524.B. 
 
261B02.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable 
Levels 
 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.  
 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
 
261B02.E. Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
 
261B02.F. 
Delivery Date  


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 2 
 
The Delivery Date for BTIC+ on EC Futures shall be the date on which a long (short) position in 
the corresponding EC Futures will be assigned to the holder of an open long (short) position in 
such BTIC+ on EC Futures. The Delivery Date shall be the last day in the contract month on which 
the Index (as defined in Rule 26106) is published. 
 
261B02.G. 
Last Trade Date  
 
The Last Trade Date for BTIC+ on EC Futures shall be the Business Day prior to the Delivery 
Date.  
 
261B02.H. 
Termination of Trading  
 
Trading in expiring BTIC+ on EC Futures shall terminate at the regularly scheduled close of trading 
on the Last Trade Date (Rule 261B02.F.). 
 
261B02.I. 
Contract Modifications  
 
Contract specifications shall be fixed as of the first day of trading in any futures contract, provided 
that all deliveries must conform to government regulations in force at the time of delivery. If any 
U.S. government agency or body issues an order, ruling, directive or law pertaining to the trading 
or delivery of futures contracts made under these Rules, such order, ruling, directive or law shall 
be construed to take precedence and become part of these Rules, and all open and new contracts 
shall be subjected to such government orders. 
 
261B02.J. 
 [Reserved] 
 
261B03. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES  
 
261B03.A. 
Final Settlement Price 
 
The Final Settlement Price shall be determined on the Last Trade Date in accordance with Rule 
813. 
 
261B03.B. 
Delivery Price [Reserved] 
 
261B03.C. 
Final Settlement 
 
Clearing Members holding a long (short) position in an expiring BTIC+ on EC Futures at its 
Termination of Trading (Rule 261B02.G.) will result in the clearing member holding a long (short) 
position in an EC Futures as a BTIC transaction.  Such BTIC transaction to buy (sell) shall be 
assigned with a price equal to the Final Settlement Price.  Subsequently, and in accordance with 
Rule 26106.B., BTIC+ on EC Futures will be assigned a price reflecting the WM/Reuters Closing 
Spot Rate for EUR/USD on the Delivery Date. 
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES RELATING TO CHAPTER 261B 
 The WM/Refinitiv Closing Spot Rates are provided by Refinitiv. Refinitiv shall not be liable for any errors in or 
delays in providing or making available the WM/Refinitiv Spot Rates, nor for any actions taken in reliance on the 
same. The Closing Spot Rates cannot be used, reproduced, distributed, redistributed, licensed or disclosed in 
any way without a written agreement with Refinitiv. 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
 
Chapter 262 
E-mini Euro/U.S. Dollar (EUR/USD) Futures 
26200. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to E-mini Euro/U.S. dollar futures.  In addition to this chapter, 
E-mini Euro/U.S. dollar futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the 
Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
26201. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
26201.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
26201.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 62,500 Euro. 
26201.C. 
Price Increments 
Minimum price fluctuations shall be in multiples of $.0001 per Euro, equivalent to $6.25 per 
contract.  Trades may also occur in multiples of $.00005 per Euro, commonly referred to as one-
half tick, for E-mini Euro/U.S. dollar futures intra-currency spreads executed as simultaneous 
transactions pursuant to Rule 542. 
26201.D. 
 Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
26201.E. 
[Reserved] 
26201.F. 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
26201.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate on the second Business Day immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the contract month.  If this date for termination of trading is not separated from the 
delivery day by at least one Business Day for the ECU Clearing System of the ECU Banking 
Association (EBA), futures trading shall terminate on the next preceding Business Day.  If the date 
for termination of trading defined above is a bank holiday in Chicago or New York City, futures 
trading shall terminate on the next preceding Business Day common to Chicago and New York City 
banks and the Exchange. 
26201.H. 
[Reserved] 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2
 
 
 
26202. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
26202.A. 
Physical Delivery  
1. 
Procedures 
In addition to the procedures and requirements contained in this chapter, delivery procedures shall 
be governed by the rules set forth in Chapter 7. 
2. 
Delivery Days 
Delivery shall be made on the third Wednesday of the contract month.  If that day is not a Business 
Day in the country of delivery or is a bank holiday in either Chicago or New York City, then delivery 
shall be made on the next day which is a Business Day in the country of delivery and is not a bank 
holiday in Chicago or New York City. 
26202.B. 
[Reserved] 
26203. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 262) 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 263 
E-mini Japanese Yen/U.S. Dollar Futures 
26300. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to E-mini Japanese yen/U.S. dollar futures.  In addition to this 
chapter, E-mini Japanese yen/U.S. dollar futures shall be subject to the general rules and 
regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
26301. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
26301.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
26301.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 6,250,000 Japanese yen. 
26301.C. 
Price Increments 
Minimum price fluctuations shall be in multiples of $.000001 per Japanese yen, equivalent to $6.25 
per contract.  Trades may also occur in multiples of $.0000005 per Japanese yen, commonly 
referred to as one-half tick, for E-Mini Japanese yen/U.S. dollar futures intra-currency spreads 
executed as simultaneous transactions pursuant to Rule 542. 
26301.D. 
 Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
26301.E. 
[Reserved]  
26301.F. 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
26301.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate on the second Business Day immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the contract month.  If the foregoing date for termination is a bank holiday in 
Chicago or New York City, futures trading shall terminate on the next preceding Business Day 
common to Chicago and New York City banks and the Exchange. 
26301.H. 
[Reserved] 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
26302. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
26302.A. 
Physical Delivery  
1. 
Procedures 
In addition to the procedures and requirements contained in this chapter, delivery procedures shall 
be governed by the rules set forth in Chapter 7. 
2. 
Delivery Days 
Delivery shall be made on the third Wednesday of the contract month.  If that day is not a Business 
Day in the country of delivery or is a bank holiday in either Chicago or New York City, then delivery 
shall be made on the next day which is a Business Day in the country of delivery and is not a bank 
holiday in Chicago or New York City. 
26302.B. 
[Reserved] 
26303. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 263) 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 264 
Norwegian Krone/U.S. Dollar (NOK/USD) Futures 
26400. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Norwegian krone/U.S. dollar futures.  In addition to this 
chapter, Norwegian krone/U.S. dollar futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of 
the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
26401. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
26401.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
26401.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 2,000,000 Norwegian kroner. 
26401.C. 
Price Increments 
For trades executed on CME Globex electronic trading platform, minimum price fluctuations shall 
be in multiples of $.00001 per Norwegian krone, equivalent to $20.00 per contract.  Trades may 
also occur in multiples of $.000005 per Norwegian krone, commonly referred to as one half tick, for 
Norwegian krone/U.S. dollar futures intra-currency spreads executed as simultaneous transactions 
pursuant to Rule 542.  For transactions submitted through CME ClearPort, the minimum price 
fluctuation shall be $0.000001 per Norwegian krone. 
26401.D. 
 Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
26401.E. 
[Reserved]  
26401.F. 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
26401.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate on the second Business Day immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the contract month.  If the foregoing date for termination is a bank holiday in 
Chicago or New York City, futures trading shall terminate on the next preceding Business Day 
common to Chicago and New York City banks and the Exchange. 
26401.H. 
 [Reserved] 
26402. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
26402.A. 
Physical Delivery 
1. 
Procedures 
In addition to the procedures and requirements contained in this chapter, delivery procedures shall 
be governed by the rules set forth in Chapter 7. 
2. 
Delivery Days 
Delivery shall be made on the third Wednesday of the contract month.  If that day is not a Business 
Day in the country of delivery or is a bank holiday in either Chicago or New York City, then delivery 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
shall be made on the next day which is a Business Day in the country of delivery and is not a bank 
holiday in Chicago or New York City. 
26402.B. 
[Reserved] 
26403. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 264) 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 265 
Swedish Krona/U.S. Dollar (SEK/USD) Futures 
26500. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Swedish krona/U.S. dollar futures.  In addition to this 
chapter, Swedish krona/U.S. dollar futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of 
the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
26501. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
26501.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
26501.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 2,000,000 Swedish kronor. 
26501.C. 
Price Increments 
For trades executed on CME Globex electronic trading platform, minimum price fluctuations shall 
be in multiples of $.00001 per Swedish krona, equivalent to $20.00 per contract.  Trades may also 
occur in multiples of $.000005 per Swedish krona, commonly referred to as one half tick, for 
Swedish krona/U.S. dollar futures intra-currency spreads executed as simultaneous transactions 
pursuant to Rule 542.  For transactions submitted through CME ClearPort, the minimum price 
fluctuation shall be $0.000001 per Swedish krona. 
26501.D. 
 Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
26501.E. 
[Reserved]  
26501.F. 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
26501.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate on the second Business Day immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the contract month.  If the foregoing date for termination is a bank holiday in 
Chicago or New York City, futures trading shall terminate on the next preceding Business Day 
common to Chicago and New York City banks and the Exchange. 
26501.H. 
 [Reserved] 
26502. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
26502.A. 
Physical Delivery 
1. 
Procedures 
In addition to the procedures and requirements contained in this chapter, delivery procedures shall 
be governed by the rules set forth in Chapter 7. 
2. 
Delivery Days 
Delivery shall be made on the third Wednesday of the contract month.  If that day is not a Business 
Day in the country of delivery or is a bank holiday in either Chicago or New York City, then delivery 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
shall be made on the next day which is a Business Day in the country of delivery and is not a bank 
holiday in Chicago or New York City. 
26502.B. 
[Reserved] 
26503. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 265) 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 266 
Czech Koruna/U.S. Dollar (CZK/USD) Futures 
26600. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Czech koruna/U.S. dollar futures.  In addition to this chapter, 
Czech koruna/U.S. dollar futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the 
Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
26601. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
26601.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
26601.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 4,000,000 Czech korunas. 
26601.C. 
Price Increments 
For trades executed on CME Globex electronic trading platform, minimum price fluctuations shall 
be in multiples of $.000002 per Czech koruna, equivalent to $8.00 per contract. Trades may also 
occur in multiples of $.000001 per Czech koruna, commonly referred to as one-half tick, for Czech 
koruna/U.S. dollar futures intra-currency spreads executed as simultaneous transactions pursuant 
to Rule 542.  For transactions submitted through CME ClearPort, the minimum price fluctuation 
shall be $.0000001 per Czech koruna. 
26601.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
26601.E. 
[Reserved]  
26601.F. 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
26601.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate on the second Business Day immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the contract month.  If the foregoing date for termination is a bank holiday in 
Chicago or New York City, futures trading shall terminate on the next preceding Business Day 
common to Chicago and New York City banks and the Exchange. 
26601.H. 
[Reserved] 
26602. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
26602.A. 
Physical Delivery 
1. 
Procedures 
In addition to the procedures and requirements contained in this chapter, delivery procedures shall 
be governed by the rules set forth in Chapter 7. 
2. 
Delivery Days 
Delivery shall be made on the third Wednesday of the contract month.  If that day is not a Business 
Day in the country of delivery or is a bank holiday in either Chicago or New York City, then delivery 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
shall be made on the next day which is a Business Day in the country of delivery and is not a bank 
holiday in Chicago or New York City. 
26602.B. 
[Reserved] 
26603. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 266) 
 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 266A 
Options on Czech Koruna/U.S. Dollar (CZK/USD) Futures 
 
266A00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to options on Czech koruna/U.S. dollar futures.  In addition to this 
chapter, options on Czech koruna/U.S. dollar futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations 
of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate 
Chicago time. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate 
Chicago time. 
Options contracts covered by this chapter may also be referred to as: 
CZK/USD Monthly Options 
266A01. 
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS 
266A01.A. 
 
Contract Months, Trading Hours, and Trading Halts 
Options contracts shall be listed for such contract months (i.e., expirations) and scheduled for trading 
during such hours, except as indicated below, as may be determined by the Exchange.  
266A01.B. 
 
Trading Unit 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy, in the case of the call, or to sell, in the case of the put, one 
Czech koruna/U.S. dollar futures contract as specified in Chapter 266. 
266A01.C. 
 
Price Increments 
The price of an option shall be quoted in U.S. dollars per Czech koruna.  Each $.000002 per Czech koruna 
(two points) shall represent $8.00.  For example, a quote of .0000750 represents an option price of 
$300.00 (75.0 points x $8.00 per 2 points).  The minimum fluctuations shall be two points (also known as 
one tick).  A trade may also occur at a price of $.000001 ($4.00, also known as one-half tick), $.000003 
($12.00, also known as one and one-half ticks), $.000005 ($20.00, also known as two and one-half ticks), 
$.000007 ($28.00, also known as three and one-half ticks), and $.000009 ($36.00, also known as four 
and one-half ticks). 
266A01.D. 
 
Underlying Futures Contract 
The underlying futures contract is the nearest futures contract in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., March, 
June, September and December) whose termination of trading follows the option's last day of trading by 
more than two Exchange Business Days.  This rule applies to March quarterly, and serial options on 
Czech koruna/U.S. dollar futures contracts. 
266A01.E. 
 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set forth 
in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to the 
Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions 
from the specified position limits. 
266A01.F. 
  
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation limits 
as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
266A01.G. 
 
[Reserved]  
266A01.H. 
 
[Reserved] 
266A01.I.      
Termination of Trading and Expiration Days for Options  
1. 
Monthly Options in the March Quarterly Cycle ("Quarterly Options") 
Trading in monthly options in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., March, June, September and December) 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 2 of 2 
shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on the second Friday immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the contract month. If the foregoing date for termination is a scheduled Exchange holiday, 
trading in monthly options shall terminate on the immediately preceding business day. In the event that 
the underlying futures market does not open on the scheduled expiration day, the option expiration shall 
be extended to the next day on which the underlying futures market is open for trading. 
2. 
Monthly Options Not in the March Quarterly Cycle ("Serial Options") 
Trading in monthly options not in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., January, February, April, May, July, 
August, October and November) shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on the second Friday 
immediately preceding the third Wednesday of the contract month. If the foregoing date for termination is 
a scheduled Exchange holiday, trading in monthly options shall terminate on the immediately preceding 
Business Day. In the event that the underlying futures market does not open on the scheduled expiration 
day, the option expiration shall be extended to the next day on which the underlying futures market is 
open for trading. 
266A01.J. 
 
Exercise Prices 
Transactions and exercise of options shall be conducted for options contracts as set forth in the Strike 
Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table. 
The Exchange may modify the provisions governing the establishment of exercise prices as it deems 
appropriate. 
266A02. 
RESERVED 
266A03. 
EXERCISE AND ASSIGNMENT 
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to the 
exercise of option contracts on Czech koruna/U.S. dollar futures.  All options on Czech koruna/U.S. dollar 
futures are European-style exercise only.  Early option exercise prior to the option expiration day is not 
permitted.  Contrary option exercise instructions are also not allowed. 
266A03.A. 
 
Exercise of Option by Buyer 
All in-the-money options are automatically exercised by the Clearing House on the day of expiration for 
the option.  All out-of-the-money options are abandoned by the Clearing House on the day of expiration 
for the option. To determine whether an option is in or out of the money on this day, the Exchange shall 
calculate the relevant “CME currency fixing price” from GLOBEX-traded underlying futures contracts as 
follows:  
Tier 1 
Take the 60-second average of sale (trade) prices, weighted by volume from 8:59:00 to 8:59:59 
a.m. on the day of determination of the CME currency fixing price.  
Tier 2 
If less than twenty or no sales (trades) occurred during the 60-second interval, then Exchange 
staff shall derive the CME currency fixing price (as a synthetic futures price) from quote vendor spot rates 
and appropriate maturity forward points. 
An option is in-the-money if the fixing price of the underlying futures contract at termination lies above or 
is equal to the exercise price in the case of a call, or lies below the exercise price in the case of a put. 
266A03.B. 
 
Assignment 
Exercise notices accepted by the Clearing House shall be assigned through a process of random 
selection to clearing members with open short positions in the same series.  A clearing member to which 
an exercise notice is assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as practicable after such notice is assigned 
by the Clearing House, but not later than 45 minutes before the opening of Regular Trading Hours in the 
underlying futures contract on the following Business Day. 
The clearing member assigned an exercise notice shall be assigned a short position in the underlying 
futures contract if a call is exercised or a long position if a put is exercised.  The clearing member 
representing the option buyer shall be assigned a long position in the underlying futures contract if a call 
is exercised and a short position if a put is exercised. 
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of the option and shall 
be marked to market in accordance with Rule 814 on the Trading Day of acceptance by the Clearing 
House of the exercise notice. 
266A04. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 266A) 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 267 
Hungarian Forint/U.S. Dollar (HUF/USD) Futures 
26700. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Hungarian forint/U.S. dollar futures.  In addition to this 
chapter, Hungarian forint/U.S. dollar futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of 
the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
26701. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
26701.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
26701.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 30,000,000 Hungarian forint. 
26701.C. 
Price Increments 
Minimum price fluctuations shall be in multiples of $.0000002 per Hungarian forint, equivalent to 
$6.00 per contract. Trades may also occur in multiples of $.0000001 per Hungarian forint, 
commonly referred to as one-half tick, for Hungarian forint/U.S. dollar futures intra-currency 
spreads, executed as simultaneous transactions pursuant to Rule 542. 
26701.D. 
 Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
26701.E. 
[Reserved]  
26701.F. 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
26701.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate on the second Business Day immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the contract month.  If the foregoing date for termination is a bank holiday in 
Chicago or New York City, futures trading shall terminate on the next preceding Business Day 
common to Chicago and New York City banks and the Exchange. 
26701.H. 
[Reserved] 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
26702. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
26702.A. 
Physical Delivery 
1. 
Procedures 
In addition to the procedures and requirements contained in this chapter, delivery procedures shall 
be governed by the rules set forth in Chapter 7. 
2. 
Delivery Days 
Delivery shall be made on the third Wednesday of the contract month.  If that day is not a Business 
Day in the country of delivery or is a bank holiday in either Chicago or New York City, then delivery 
shall be made on the next day which is a Business Day in the country of delivery and is not a bank 
holiday in Chicago or New York City. 
26702.B. 
[Reserved] 
26703. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 267) 
 


 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 1 of 3 
 
Chapter 267A 
Options on Hungarian Forint/U.S. Dollar (HUF/USD) Futures 
 
267A00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to options on Hungarian forint/U.S. dollar futures.  In addition to this 
chapter, options on Hungarian forint/U.S. dollar futures shall be subject to the general rules and 
regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate 
Chicago time. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate 
Chicago time. 
Options contracts covered by this chapter may also be referred to as: 
HUF/USD Monthly Options 
267A01. 
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS 
267A01.A. 
 
Contract Months, Trading Hours, and Trading Halts 
Options contracts shall be listed for such contract months (i.e., expirations) and scheduled for trading 
during such hours, except as indicated below, as may be determined by the Exchange.  
267A01.B. 
 
Trading Unit 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy, in the case of the call, or to sell, in the case of the put, one 
Hungarian forint/U.S. dollar futures contract as specified in Chapter 267. 
267A01.C. 
 
Price Increments 
The price of an option shall be quoted in U.S. dollars per Hungarian forint.  Each $.0000002 per Hungarian 
forint (two points) shall represent $6.00.  For example, a quote of .0000075 represents an option price of 
$225.00 (75 points x $6.00 per 2 points).  The minimum fluctuations shall be two points (also known as 
one tick).  A trade may also occur at a price of $.0000001 ($3.00, also known as one-half tick), $.0000003 
($9.00, also known as one and one-half ticks), $.0000005 ($15.00, also known as two and one-half ticks), 
$.0000007 ($21.00, also known as three and one-half ticks), and $.0000009 ($27.00, also known as four 
and one-half ticks). 
267A01.D. 
 
Underlying Futures Contract 
The underlying futures contract is the nearest futures contract in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., March, 
June, September and December) whose termination of trading follows the option's last day of trading by 
more than two Exchange Business Days.  This rule applies to March quarterly, and serial options on 
Hungarian forint/U.S. dollar futures contracts. 
267A01.E. 
 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set forth 
in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to the 
Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions 
from the specified position limits.  
267A01.F.      
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation limits 
as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
267A01.G.    
[Reserved] 
267A01.H. 
 
[Reserved] 
267A01.I.      
Termination of Trading and Expiration Days for Options  
1. 
Monthly Options in the March Quarterly Cycle ("Quarterly Options") 
Trading in monthly options in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., March, June, September and December) 


 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 2 of 3 
 
shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on the second Friday immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the contract month. If the foregoing date for termination is a scheduled Exchange holiday, 
trading in monthly options shall terminate on the immediately preceding Business Day. In the event that 
the underlying futures market does not open on the scheduled expiration day, the option expiration shall 
be extended to the next day on which the underlying futures market is open for trading. 
2. 
Monthly Options Not in the March Quarterly Cycle ("Serial Options") 
Trading in monthly options not in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., January, February, April, May, July, 
August, October and November) shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on the second Friday 
immediately preceding the third Wednesday of the contract month. If the foregoing date for termination is 
a scheduled Exchange holiday, trading in monthly options shall terminate on the immediately preceding 
Business Day. In the event that the underlying futures market does not open on the scheduled expiration 
day, the option expiration shall be extended to the next day on which the underlying futures market is 
open for trading. 
267A01.J. 
 
Exercise Prices and Listing of Exercise Prices 
Transactions and exercise of options shall be conducted for options contracts as set forth in the Strike 
Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table. 
The Exchange may modify the provisions governing the establishment of exercise prices as it deems 
appropriate. 
267A02. 
RESERVED 
267A03. 
EXERCISE AND ASSIGNMENT 
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to the 
exercise of option contracts on Hungarian forint/U.S. dollar futures.  All options on Hungarian forint/U.S. 
dollar futures are European-style exercise only.  Early option exercise prior to the option expiration day is 
not permitted.  Contrary option exercise instructions are also not allowed. 
267A03.A. 
 
Exercise of Option by Buyer 
All in-the-money options are automatically exercised by the Clearing House on the day of expiration for 
the option.  All out-of-the-money options are abandoned by the Clearing House on the day of expiration 
for the option. To determine whether an option is in or out of the money on this day, the Exchange shall 
calculate the relevant “CME currency fixing price” from GLOBEX-traded underlying futures contracts as 
follows:  
Tier 1 
Take the 60-second average of sale (trade) prices, weighted by volume from 8:59:00 to 8:59:59 
a.m. on the day of determination of the CME currency fixing price.  
Tier 2 
If less than twenty or no sales (trades) occurred in the 60-second interval, then Exchange staff 
shall derive the CME currency fixing price (as a synthetic futures price) from quote vendor spot rates and 
appropriate maturity forward points. 
An option is in-the-money if the fixing price of the underlying futures contract at termination lies above or 
is equal to the exercise price in the case of a call, or lies below the exercise price in the case of a put. 
267A03.B. 
 
Assignment 
Exercise notices accepted by the Clearing House shall be assigned through a process of random 
selection to clearing members with open short positions in the same series.  A clearing member to which 
an exercise notice is assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as practicable after such notice is assigned 
by the Clearing House, but not later than 45 minutes before the opening of Regular Trading Hours in the 
underlying futures contract on the following Business Day. 
The clearing member assigned an exercise notice shall be assigned a short position in the underlying 
futures contract if a call is exercised or a long position if a put is exercised.  The clearing member 
representing the option buyer shall be assigned a long position in the underlying futures contract if a call 
is exercised and a short position if a put is exercised. 
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of the option and shall 
be marked to market in accordance with Rule 814 on the Trading Day of acceptance by the Clearing 
House of the exercise notice. 
267A04. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 267A) 
 


 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 3 of 3 
 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 268 
Polish Zloty/U.S. Dollar (PLN/USD) Futures 
26800. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Polish zloty/U.S. dollar futures.  In addition to this chapter, 
Polish zloty/U.S. dollar futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange 
insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
26801. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
26801.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
26801.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 500,000 Polish zloty. 
26801.C. 
Price Increments 
For trades executed on CME Globex electronic trading platform, minimum price fluctuations shall 
be in multiples of $.00002 per Polish zloty, equivalent to $10.00 per contract. Trades may also 
occur in multiples of $.00001 per Polish zloty, commonly referred to as one-half tick, for Polish 
zloty/U.S. dollar futures intra-currency spreads, executed as simultaneous transactions pursuant to 
Rule 542. For transactions submitted through CME ClearPort, the minimum price fluctuation shall 
be $.000001 per Polish zloty. 
26801.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions,  Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
26801.E. 
[Reserved]  
26801.F. 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
26801.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate on the second Business Day immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the contract month.  If the foregoing date for termination is a bank holiday in 
Chicago or New York City, futures trading shall terminate on the next preceding Business Day 
common to Chicago and New York City banks and the Exchange. 
26801.H. 
[Reserved] 
26802. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
26802.A. 
Physical Delivery 
1. 
Procedures 
In addition to the procedures and requirements contained in this chapter, delivery procedures shall 
be governed by the rules set forth in Chapter 7. 
2. 
Delivery Days 
Delivery shall be made on the third Wednesday of the contract month.  If that day is not a Business 
Day in the country of delivery or is a bank holiday in either Chicago or New York City, then delivery 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 2 of 2 
shall be made on the next day which is a Business Day in the country of delivery and is not a bank 
holiday in Chicago or New York City. 
26802.B. 
[Reserved] 
26803. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 268) 
 


 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 1 of 3 
 
Chapter 268A 
Options on Polish Zloty/U.S. Dollar (PLN/USD) Futures 
 
268A00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to options on Polish zloty/U.S. dollar futures.  In addition to this 
chapter, options on Polish zloty/U.S. dollar futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of 
the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate 
Chicago time. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate 
Chicago time. 
Options contracts covered by this chapter may also be referred to as: 
PLN/USD Monthly Options 
268A01. 
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS 
268A01.A. 
 
Contract Months, Trading Hours, and Trading Halts 
Options contracts shall be listed for such contract months (i.e., expirations) and scheduled for trading 
during such hours, except as indicated below, as may be determined by the Exchange.  
268A01.B. 
 
Trading Unit 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy, in the case of the call, or to sell, in the case of the put, one 
Polish zloty/U.S. dollar futures contract as specified in Chapter 268. 
268A01.C. 
 
Price Increments 
The price of an option shall be quoted in U.S. dollars per Polish zloty.  Each $.00002 per Polish zloty (two 
points) shall represent $10.00.  For example, a quote of .000750 represents an option price of $375.00 
(75.0 points x $10.00 per 2 points).  The minimum fluctuations shall be two points (also known as one 
tick).  A trade may also occur at a price of $.00001 ($5.00, also known as one-half tick), $.00003 ($15.00, 
also known as one and one-half ticks), $.00005 ($25.00, also known as two and one-half ticks), $.00007 
($35.00, also known as three and one-half ticks), and $.00009 ($45.00, also known as four and one-half 
ticks). 
268A01.D. 
 
Underlying Futures Contract 
The underlying futures contract is the nearest futures contract in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., March, 
June, September and December) whose termination of trading follows the option's last day of trading by 
more than two Exchange Business Days.  This rule applies to March quarterly, and serial options on 
Polish zloty/U.S. dollar futures contracts. 
268A01.E. 
 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set forth 
in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to the 
Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions 
from the specified position limits. 
268A01.F. 
 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation limits 
as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
268A01.G. 
 
[Reserved]  
268A01.H. 
 
[Reserved] 
268A01.I. 
 
Termination of Trading and Expiration Days for Options  
1. 
Monthly Options in the March Quarterly Cycle ("Quarterly Options") 
Trading in monthly options in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., March, June, September and December) 


 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 2 of 3 
 
shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on the second Friday immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the contract month. If the foregoing date for termination is a scheduled Exchange holiday, 
trading in monthly options shall terminate on the immediately preceding Business Day. In the event that 
the underlying futures market does not open on the scheduled expiration day, the option expiration shall 
be extended to the next day on which the underlying futures market is open for trading. 
2. 
Monthly Options Not in the March Quarterly Cycle ("Serial Options") 
Trading in monthly options not in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., January, February, April, May, July, 
August, October and November) shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on the second Friday 
immediately preceding the third Wednesday of the contract month. If the foregoing date for termination is 
a scheduled Exchange holiday, trading in monthly options shall terminate on the immediately preceding 
Business Day. In the event that the underlying futures market does not open on the scheduled expiration 
day, the option expiration shall be extended to the next day on which the underlying futures market is 
open for trading. 
268A01.J. 
 
Exercise Prices and Listing of Exercise Prices  
Transactions and exercise of options shall be conducted for options contracts as set forth in the Strike 
Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table. 
The Exchange may modify the provisions governing the establishment of exercise prices as it deems 
appropriate. 
268A02. 
RESERVED 
268A03. 
EXERCISE AND ASSIGNMENT 
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to the 
exercise of option contracts on Polish zloty/U.S. dollar futures.  All options on Polish zloty/U.S. dollar 
futures are European-style exercise only.  Early option exercise prior to the option expiration day is not 
permitted.  Contrary option exercise instructions are also not allowed. 
268A03.A. 
 
Exercise of Option by Buyer 
All in-the-money options are automatically exercised by the Clearing House on the day of expiration for 
the option.  All out-of-the-money options are abandoned by the Clearing House on the day of expiration 
for the option. To determine whether an option is in or out of the money on this day, the Exchange shall 
calculate the relevant “CME currency fixing price” from GLOBEX-traded underlying futures contracts as 
follows:  
Tier 1 
Take the 60-second average of sale (trade) prices, weighted by volume from 8:59:00 to 8:59:59 
a.m. on the day of determination of the CME currency fixing price.  
Tier 2 
If less than twenty or no sales (trades) occurred during the 60-second interval, then Exchange 
staff shall derive the CME currency fixing price (as a synthetic futures price) from quote vendor spot rates 
and appropriate maturity forward points. 
An option is in-the-money if the fixing price of the underlying futures contract at termination lies above or 
is equal to the exercise price in the case of a call, or lies below the exercise price in the case of a put. 
268A03.B. 
 
Assignment 
Exercise notices accepted by the Clearing House shall be assigned through a process of random 
selection to clearing members with open short positions in the same series.  A clearing member to which 
an exercise notice is assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as practicable after such notice is assigned 
by the Clearing House, but not later than 45 minutes before the opening of Regular Trading Hours in the 
underlying futures contract on the following Business Day. 
The clearing member assigned an exercise notice shall be assigned a short position in the underlying 
futures contract if a call is exercised or a long position if a put is exercised.  The clearing member 
representing the option buyer shall be assigned a long position in the underlying futures contract if a call 
is exercised and a short position if a put is exercised. 
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of the option and shall 
be marked to market in accordance with Rule 814 on the Trading Day of acceptance by the Clearing 
House of the exercise notice. 
268A04. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 268A) 


 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 3 of 3 
 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 269 
Israeli Shekel/U.S. Dollar (ILS/USD) Futures 
26900. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Israeli shekel/U.S. dollar futures.  In addition to this chapter, 
Israeli shekel/U.S. dollar futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the 
Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time.  
26901. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
26901.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange.  
26901.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 1,000,000 Israeli shekalim. 
26901.C. 
Price Increments 
For trades executed on CME Globex electronic trading platform, minimum price fluctuations shall 
be in multiplies of $.00001 per Israeli shekel, equivalent to $10.00 per contract.  Trades may also 
occur in multiples of $.000005 per Israeli shekel, commonly referred to as one-half tick, for Israeli 
shekel/U.S. dollar futures intra-currency spreads, executed as simultaneous transactions pursuant 
to Rule 542.  For transactions submitted through CME ClearPort, the minimum price fluctuation 
shall be $.000001 per Israeli shekel. 
26901.D. 
 Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
26901.E.  [Reserved]   
26901.F. 
 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
26901.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate on the second Business Day immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the contract month.  If the foregoing date for termination is a bank holiday in 
Chicago or New York City, futures trading shall terminate on the next preceding Business Day 
common to Chicago and New York City banks and the Exchange.  
26901.H. 
[Reserved]  
26902. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
26902.A. 
Physical Delivery 
1. 
 Procedures  
In addition to the procedures and requirements contained in this chapter, delivery procedures shall 
be governed by the rules set forth in Chapter 7.  
2. 
 Delivery Days  
Delivery shall be made on the third Wednesday of the contract month.  If that day is not a Business 
Day in the country of delivery or is a bank holiday in either Chicago or New York City, then delivery 
shall be made on the next day which is a Business Day in the country of delivery and is not a bank 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
holiday in Chicago or New York City.  
26902.B. 
[Reserved] 
26903. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 269) 


 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 1 of 3 
 
Chapter 269A 
Options on Israeli Shekel/U.S. Dollar (ILS/USD) Futures 
 
269A00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to options on Israeli shekel/U.S. dollar futures.  In addition to this 
chapter, options on Israeli shekel/U.S. dollar futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations 
of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate 
Chicago time.  
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate 
Chicago time. 
Options contracts covered by this chapter may also be referred to as: 
ILS/USD Monthly Options 
ILS/USD Weekly Thursday Options 
269A01. 
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS 
269A01.A.   
Contract Months, Trading Hours, and Trading Halts 
Options contracts shall be listed for such contract months (i.e., expirations) and scheduled for trading 
during such hours, except as indicated below, as may be determined by the Exchange.  
269A01.B.   
Trading Unit 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy, in the case of the call, or to sell, in the case of the put, one 
Israeli shekel/U.S. dollar futures contract as specified in Chapter 269.  
269A01.C.   
Price Increments 
The price of an option shall be quoted in U.S. dollars per Israeli shekel.  Each $.00001 per Israeli shekel 
(one point) shall represent $10.00.  For example, a quote of .00075 represents an option price of $750.00 
(75 points x $10.00 per point).  The minimum fluctuation shall be one point (also known as one tick).  A 
trade may also occur at a price of $.000005 ($5.00, also known as one-half tick), $.000015 ($15.00, also 
known as one and one–half ticks), $.000025 ($25.00, also known as two and one–half ticks), $.000035 
($35.00, also known as three and one–half ticks), and $.000045 ($45.00, also known as four and one–
half ticks).  
269A01.D.   
Underlying Futures Contract 
The underlying futures contract is the nearest futures contract in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., March, 
June, September and December) whose termination of trading follows the option's last day of trading by 
more than two Exchange Business Days.  This rule applies to March quarterly, serial, and weekly options 
on Israeli shekel/U.S. dollar futures contracts. 
269A01.E. 
 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set forth 
in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to the 
Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions 
from the specified position limits. 
269A01.F. 
 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation limits 
as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
269A01.G.   
[Reserved]  
269A01.H.   
[Reserved]  
269A01.I.  
 
Termination of Trading and Expiration Days for Options  
1. 
Monthly Options in the March Quarterly Cycle ("Quarterly Options")  


 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 2 of 3 
 
Trading in monthly options in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., March, June, September and December) 
shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on the second Thursday immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the contract month. If the foregoing date for termination is a scheduled Exchange holiday, 
trading in monthly options shall terminate on the immediately preceding Business Day. In the event that 
the underlying futures market does not open on the scheduled expiration day, the option expiration shall 
be extended to the next day on which the underlying futures market is open for trading.  
2. 
Monthly Options Not in the March Quarterly Cycle ("Serial Options")  
Trading in monthly options not in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., January, February, April, May, July, 
August, October and November) shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on the second Thursday 
immediately preceding the third Wednesday of the contract month. If the foregoing date for termination is 
a scheduled Exchange holiday, trading in monthly options shall terminate on the immediately preceding 
Business Day. In the event that the underlying futures market does not open on the scheduled expiration 
day, the option expiration shall be extended to the next day on which the underlying futures market is 
open for trading.  
3. 
Weekly Thursday Options  
Trading in weekly Thursday options shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on those Thursdays that are 
not also the termination of trading of a monthly option as described in the preceding sections 1 and 2. If 
the foregoing date for termination is a scheduled Exchange holiday, trading in weekly Thursday options 
shall terminate on the immediately preceding Business Day. In the event that the underlying futures 
market does not open on the scheduled expiration day, the option expiration shall be extended to the next 
day on which the underlying futures market is open for trading.  
269A01.J.  
 
Exercise Prices and Listing of Exercise Prices 
Transactions and exercise of options shall be conducted for options contracts as set forth in the Strike 
Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table. 
The Exchange may modify the provisions governing the establishment of exercise prices as it deems 
appropriate. 
269A02. 
RESERVED 
269A03. 
EXERCISE AND ASSIGNMENT 
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to the 
exercise of option contracts on Israeli shekel/U.S. dollar futures.  All options on Israeli shekel/U.S. dollar 
futures are European-style exercise only.  Early option exercise prior to the option expiration day is not 
permitted.  Contrary option exercise instructions are also not allowed. 
269A03.A. 
 
Exercise of Option by Buyer 
All in-the-money options are automatically exercised by the Clearing House on the day of expiration for 
the option.  All out-of-the-money options are abandoned by the Clearing House on the day of expiration 
for the option. To determine whether an option is in or out of the money on this day, the Exchange shall 
calculate the relevant “CME currency fixing price” from GLOBEX-traded underlying futures contracts as 
follows:  
Tier 1 
Take the 60-second average of sale (trade) prices, weighted by volume from 8:59:00 to 8:59:59 
a.m. on the day of determination of the CME currency fixing price.  
Tier 2 
If less than twenty or no sales (trades) occurred during the 60-second interval, then Exchange 
staff shall derive the CME currency fixing price (as a synthetic futures price) from quote vendor spot rates 
and appropriate maturity forward points. 
An option is in-the-money if the fixing price of the underlying futures contract at termination lies above or 
is equal to the exercise price in the case of a call, or lies below the exercise price in the case of a put. 
269A03.B.   
Assignment 
Exercise notices accepted by the Clearing House shall be assigned through a process of random 
selection to clearing members with open short positions in the same series.  A clearing member to which 
an exercise notice is assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as practicable after such notice is assigned 
by the Clearing House, but not later than 45 minutes before the opening of Regular Trading Hours in the 
underlying futures contract on the following business day.  
The clearing member assigned an exercise notice shall be assigned a short position in the underlying 
futures contract if a call is exercised or a long position if a put is exercised.  The clearing member 
representing the option buyer shall be assigned a long position in the underlying futures contract if a call 


 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 3 of 3 
 
is exercised and a short position if a put is exercised.  
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of the option and shall 
be marked to market in accordance with Rule 814 on the Trading Day of acceptance by the Clearing 
House of the exercise notice.  
269A04. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 269) 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 5 
 
 Chapter 270 
Chinese Renminbi/U.S. Dollar (RMB/USD) Futures 
27000. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Chinese renminbi/U.S. dollar futures.  In addition to this 
chapter, Chinese renminbi/U.S. dollar futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of 
the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time.  
27001. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
27001.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and final settlement during such hours and in such 
months as may be determined by the Exchange.  
27001.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 1,000,000 yuan Chinese renminbi.1 
27001.C. 
Price Increments 
Minimum price fluctuations shall be in multiplies of $.00001 per Chinese renminbi, equivalent to $10.00 
per contract. Trades may also occur in multiples of $.000005 per Chinese renminbi, commonly referred 
to as one-half tick ($5.00/contract) for Chinese renminbi/U.S. dollar futures intra-currency spreads 
executed as simultaneous transactions pursuant to Rule 542. 
27001.D. 
 Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set 
forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & 
Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to 
the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions 
from the specified position limits. 
27001.E. 
[Reserved]  
27001.F. 
 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations & 
Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
27001.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Beijing time on the second Beijing Business Day 
immediately preceding the third Wednesday of the contract month.   
27001.H. 
[Reserved] 
27002. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
27002.A. 
[Reserved] 
27002.B. 
Cash Settlement 
The Final Settlement Price shall be the reciprocal of the “Chinese renminbi per U.S. dollar” fixing (or 
“midpoint”) rate published by the People’s Bank of China (PBC) and representing spot trading of 
Chinese renminbi per U.S. dollar on the futures contract termination of trading day.  Normally, this 
fixing rate is published at 9:15 a.m. Beijing time on each Beijing business day for foreign exchange 
trading.  The fixing rate may be found on the Reuters SAEC page opposite symbol “USDCNY=”.  The 
Final Settlement Price reciprocal calculation shall be rounded to six (6) decimal places.  Open 
positions on the business day following the termination of trading day will be marked to market to the 
Final Settlement Price.  For example, a SAEC published rate of 8.0245 Chinese renminbi per U.S. 
                                            
1 The Chinese renminbi (“RMB” or “people’s currency”) is denominated in the unit “yuan.” 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 5 
 
dollar implies a Final Settlement Price of $0.124618 per Chinese renminbi (reciprocal rounded to 6 
decimal places).  
In the event that the “Chinese renminbi per U.S. dollar" fixing (or “midpoint”) rate as calculated by the 
PBC is not published on the CME Chinese renminbi futures contract Termination of Trading day, and 
therefore, CME cannot determine the CME Chinese renminbi Final Settlement Price, then final 
settlement of the CME Chinese renminbi/U.S. dollar futures contract may be deferred or postponed for 
up to 14 consecutive calendar days.  This procedure is intended to correspond to the deferral or 
postponement procedure followed by the interbank non-deliverable forward (“NDF”) market to cash-
settled NDF transactions, pursuant to recognized market practices as published by EMTA, Inc., the 
Foreign Exchange Committee and the Singapore Foreign Exchange Market Committee (“SFEMC”). 
Upon the publication of the “Chinese renminbi per U.S. dollar" fixing (or “midpoint”) rate as calculated 
by the PBC prior to the lapse of such 14-day period, CME shall determine the Final Settlement Price 
using the reciprocal of such PBC rate and the CME Chinese renminbi/U.S. dollar futures contract shall 
be cash settled on such day.  If however, 14 consecutive calendar days pass without publication of the 
PBC rate, CME shall otherwise determine the Final Settlement Price. 
After the lapse of 14 consecutive calendar days without publication of the PBC “Chinese renminbi per 
U.S. dollar” fixing (or “midpoint”) rate, the Final Settlement Price may be calculated and published by 
CME on the next Business Day using the SFEMC CNY Indicative Survey Rate (“CNY Indicative 
Survey Rate”), if available.  The CNY Indicative Survey Rate is proposed to be published by SFEMC 
(or its designee) and posted on the public portion of SFEMC and EMTA’s website following the 
continuous unavailability of the PBC rate for 14 calendar days in order to provide the NDF market with 
a back-up rate source for valuation of certain outstanding non-deliverable foreign exchange 
transactions if the PBC rate cannot be published for an extended period of time. The procedures for 
the SFEMC CNY Indicative Survey are defined in the Interpretation to this chapter. 
However, if SFEMC fails to publish the CNY Indicative Survey Rate on the first Business Day following 
the lapse of the valuation postponement or deferral period described above, and the PBC rate is also 
unavailable, then SFEMC shall repeat efforts to obtain the CNY Indicative Survey Rate each day for an 
additional two business days.  If on either of these two Business Days the PBC “Chinese renminbi per 
U.S. dollar” fixing (or “midpoint”) rate is published, then final settlement of the CME Chinese 
renminbi/U.S. dollar futures contracts shall be the reciprocal of the first of these rates published.  
However, if the PBC rate is unavailable and the SFEMC publishes the CNY Indicative Survey Rate on 
either of these two Business Days, then the final settlement of the CME Chinese renminbi/U.S. dollar 
futures contracts shall be the reciprocal of the first of these rates published.  If the SFEMC does not 
publish the CNY Indicative Survey Rate on either of these two Business Days, then Rule 812 shall 
apply to determine the Final Settlement Price. 
However, in the event that the Exchange determines that the Clearing House is not able to determine 
a Final Settlement Price pursuant to any of the preceding sections and the Interpretation to this 
chapter, then Rule 812 shall apply to determine the Final Settlement Price. 
27003. 
[RESERVED]  
(End Chapter 270) 
 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 5 
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES RELATING TO CHAPTER 270 
Effective, May 17, 2006, EMTA, Inc., the Foreign Exchange Committee (“FXC”) and the Singapore Foreign 
Exchange Market Committee (“SFEMC”) adopted amendments to the December 1, 2004 non-deliverable forward 
(“NDF”) template procedures for six Asian currencies, which included a “SFEMC CNY Indicative Survey” (“CNY 
Indicative Survey”) to be conducted in certain circumstances when the "Chinese renminbi per U.S. dollar" fixing (or 
“midpoint” or “CNY SAEC (CNY01)”) rate as calculated by the People's Bank of China (“PBC”) is unavailable for 
settlement of expiring non-deliverable forward (“NDF”) Chinese renminbi versus U.S. dollar transactions. The CNY 
Indicative Survey results in the calculation of the “SFEMC CNY Indicative Survey Rate” (“CNY Indicative Survey 
Rate”), which can be used by the NDF market to settle non-deliverable Chinese renminbi/U.S. dollar transactions in 
defined circumstances.  In order to reduce basis risk for market participants trading both NDF Chinese renminbi 
transactions and CME Chinese renminbi/U.S. dollar futures and options on futures contracts, CME has also adopted 
procedures to settle terminated CME Chinese renminbi/U.S. dollar futures contracts to the reciprocal of the CNY 
Indicative Survey Rate when the PBC rate has been unavailable for 14 consecutive calendar days.  The following 
sets forth the EMTA, the Foreign Exchange Committee and SFEMC methodology for the CNY Indicative Survey. 
The SFEMC CNY Indicative Survey 
For purposes of determining the SFEMC CNY Indicative Survey Rate (“CNY Indicative Survey Rate”) for any 
 Valuation Date, SFEMC (or a service provider SFEMC may select in its sole discretion) shall conduct a survey of 
 financial institutions (“CNY Indicative Survey”) for such date. 
• 
Commencing the CNY Indicative Survey: SFEMC (itself or through a service provider SFEMC will 
select in its sole discretion) will conduct a survey of financial institutions for the purpose of determining 
the SFEMC CNY Indicative Survey Rate, beginning at 11:00 a.m. (Singapore time) or as soon 
thereafter as practicable on a Business Day in Beijing (or a calendar day that would have been a 
Business Day but for an Unscheduled Holiday), following any 14 calendar day period during which 
valuation is deferred or postponed (or both). 
• 
Polled Banks: For purposes of determining the CNY Indicative Survey Rate for a Valuation Date, 
SFEMC (itself or through a service provider) will survey financial institutions that are active participants 
in the CNY/U.S. dollar market (each, a “Participating Bank”) and included in a current list of 
Participating Banks published on the SFEMC’s website (www.sfemc.org) (the “Publication Site”).  Only 
one office of each financial institution will be included as a Participating Bank in each CNY Indicative 
Survey.  
• 
Survey Question: Each Participating Bank will be asked to provide its reasonable judgment of what is 
(or, in the case of an Unscheduled Holiday, would be) the current prevailing free market CNY spot rate 
(bid-offer pair) for a standard size CNY/U.S. dollar wholesale financial transaction for same-day 
settlement in the Beijing marketplace on the Valuation Date. In arriving at this indicative quotation, 
each Participating Bank will be directed to take such factors into consideration as it deems appropriate, 
which factors may (but need not) include any or all of the following: the spot rate(s) implied in the 
offshore non-deliverable foreign exchange market for CNY/U.S. dollar transactions; the spot rate 
implied by any other financial market transactions (to the extent that such other financial markets are 
open for business); the spot rate used in connection with any commercial transactions for goods or 
services from offshore suppliers or providers; any existing rate for trade finance transactions; and any 
other existing unofficial rate for CNY/U.S. dollar transactions (commercial or otherwise).  
Use of Survey Results   
• 
SFEMC (itself or through a service provider) will determine the mid-point of each bid-offer pair.  The 
arithmetic mean of the mid-points will be used to determine the CNY Indicative Survey Rate, rounded 
to the fourth decimal point as describe below. 
• 
If the CNY Indicative Survey results in 21 or more responses, then the 4 highest and 4 lowest mid-
points will be eliminated, and the arithmetic mean of the remaining mid-points will be computed and 
will constitute the CNY Indicative Survey Rate for such Valuation Date.  For purposes of eliminating 
the 4 highest and 4 lowest mid-points, if more than 4 mid-points have the same highest value or lowest 
value, then only 4 such mid-points shall be eliminated. 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 4 of 5 
 
• 
If the CNY Indicative Survey results in less than 21 but 11 or more responses, then the 2 highest and 2 
lowest mid-points will be eliminated, and the arithmetic mean of the remaining mid-points shall be 
computed and will constitute the CNY Indicative Survey Rate for such Valuation Date.  For purposes of 
eliminating the 2 highest and 2 lowest mid-points, if more than 2 mid-points have the same highest 
value or lowest value, then only 2 such mid-points shall be eliminated. 
• 
If the CNY Indicative Survey results in less than 11 but 8 or more responses, then the highest and the 
lowest mid-points will be eliminated and the arithmetic mean of the remaining mid-points will be 
computed and will constitute the CNY Indicative Survey Rate for such Valuation Date. For purposes of 
eliminating the highest and lowest mid-points, if more than 1 mid-point has the same highest value or 
lowest value, then only 1 such mid-point shall be eliminated. 
• 
If the CNY Indicative Survey results in less than 8 but 5 or more responses, then no mid-points will be 
eliminated and the arithmetic mean of all mid-points will be computed and will constitute the CNY 
Indicative Survey Rate for such Valuation Date. 
• 
Quotes will be provided to the fourth decimal point (e.g., 1.0000). 
Insufficient Responses 
• 
If the CNY Indicative Survey results in less than 5 responses from Participating Banks (“Insufficient 
Responses”), no CNY Indicative Survey Rate will be available for the relevant Valuation Date.  The 
next CNY Indicative Survey will take place on the next succeeding Business Day in Beijing (or 
calendar day that would have been a Business Day but for an Unscheduled Holiday), subject to 
section below titled “Discontinuing the CNY Indicative Survey.” 
CNY Indicative Survey Rate Publication 
• 
The CNY Indicative Survey Rate will be published on Publication Site at 3:30 p.m. (Singapore time), or 
 
 
as soon thereafter as practicable. 
• 
As soon as it is determined that the CNY Indicative Survey will result in Insufficient Responses, a 
notice that no CNY Indicative Survey Rate is available for the Valuation Date will be published on the 
Publication Site. 
• 
The response of each Participating Bank to the Indicative Survey (bid-off pair) will be available on the 
Publication Site at 9:00 a.m. (Singapore time) on the first Business Day in Beijing (or calendar day that 
would have been a Business Day but for an Unscheduled Holiday) following the Business Day on 
which the relevant CNY Indicative Survey Rate is published, or as soon thereafter as practicable. 
Discontinuing the CNY Indicative Survey 
The CNY Indicative Survey will be discontinued (i) on the calendar day first following the Business Day in Beijing on 
which the CNY SAEC (CNY 01) is available for the determination of a Settlement Rate, or (ii) on the calendar day 
first following polling for the CNY Indicative Survey that results in Insufficient Responses for three consecutive 
polling days.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein will be construed to prevent SFEMC from continuing or 
re-initiating the CNY Indicative Survey at an appropriate time.   
A notice that the CNY Indicative Survey has been discontinued will be published on the Publication Site. 
Amendments to the Methodology  
SFEMC may, in its discretion, from time to time, make such administrative, procedural or other modifications to this 
 
Methodology as are appropriate to ensure the continued operation and integrity of the CNY Indicative Survey. 
Disclaimer 
CME, SFEMC and any service provider SFEMC may select disclaim liability for the use of the SFEMC Indicative 
Survey Rates and for any action taken in reliance thereon, and CME, SFEMC and any service provider SFEMC may 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 5 of 5 
 
select make no representation and warranty, express or implied, either as to the results (including, without limitation, 
the accuracy, timeliness or adequacy) obtained from the use of any of the SFEMC Indicative Survey Rates or the 
methodology for determining any of the SFEMC Indicative Survey Rates and its merchantability or suitability for any 
particular use. 
 
 


 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 270A 
Options on Chinese Renminbi/U.S. Dollar (RMB/USD) Futures 
1B270A00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to options on Chinese renminbi/U.S. dollar futures.  In addition to this 
chapter, options on Chinese renminbi/U.S. dollar futures shall be subject to the general rules and 
regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate 
Chicago time.  
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate 
Chicago time. 
Options contracts covered by this chapter may also be referred to as: 
CNY/USD Monthly Options 
CNY/USD Weekly Friday Options 
2B270A01. 
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS 
7B270A01.A. 
Contract Months, Trading Hours, and Trading Halts 
Options contracts shall be listed for such contract months (i.e., expirations) and scheduled for trading 
during such hours, except as indicated below, as may be determined by the Exchange.  
8B270A01.B 
Trading Unit 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy, in the case of the call, or to sell, in the case of the put, one 
Chinese renminbi/U.S. dollar futures contract as specified in Chapter 270.  
9B270A01.C. 
Price Increments 
The price of an option shall be quoted in U.S. dollars per Chinese renminbi.  Each $.00001 per Chinese 
renminbi (one point x $10 per point) shall represent $10.00.  For example, a quote of .00065 represents 
an option price of $650.00 (65 points x $10.00 per point).  The minimum fluctuation shall be one point 
(also known as one tick).  A trade may also occur at a price of $.000005 ($5.00, also known as one-half 
tick), $.000015 ($15.00), $.000025 ($25.00), $.000035 ($35.00), $.000045 ($45.00), which are less than 5 
ticks of premium). 
10B270A01.D. 
Underlying Futures Contract 
1. 
Monthly Options  
The underlying futures contract is the same as the option contract month (i.e., the January futures is the 
contract underlying the January option).  
2. 
Weekly Options  
For weekly Chinese renminbi/U.S. dollar options that expire before the monthly option, the underlying 
futures contract is the same as the option contract month.  For weekly Chinese renminbi/U.S. dollar 
options that expire after the monthly option, the underlying futures contract is the futures contract of the 
next consecutive calendar month.  For example, if Monday, May 19th is the expiration of the monthly 
option (whose underlying futures contract is the May futures), then for the option expiring Friday, May 2nd, 
May 9th and May 16th, the underlying futures contract is the May futures.  In this same example, for the 
options expiring on the Fridays, May 23rd and May 30th, the underlying futures contract is the June futures.  
270A01.E. 
 Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set forth 
in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to the 
Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions 
from the specified position limits. 
1B270A01.F. 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation limits 
as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations & Special 


 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 2 of 2 
Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
12B270A01.G. 
[Reserved]  
13B270A01.H. 
Termination of Trading 
1. 
Monthly Options  
Trading in monthly options on Chinese renminbi/U.S. dollar futures contracts shall terminate at the same 
date and time as the underlying futures contract. 
2. 
Weekly Friday Options  
Trading in weekly Friday options on the Chinese renminbi/U.S. dollar futures contract shall terminate at 
the close of trading (usually 2:00 p.m.) on those Fridays that are not also the termination of trading of a 
monthly option as described in the immediately preceding paragraph. If the foregoing date for termination 
is a scheduled Exchange holiday, trading in weekly Friday options shall terminate on the immediately 
preceding Business Day. In the event that the underlying futures market does not open on the scheduled 
expiration day, the option expiration shall be extended to the next day on which the underlying futures 
market is open for trading.    
14B270A01.I. 
[Reserved]  
15B270A01.J. 
Exercise Prices and Listing of Exercise Prices 
Transactions and exercise of options shall be conducted for options contracts as set forth in the Strike 
Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table. 
The Exchange may modify the provisions governing the establishment of exercise prices as it deems 
appropriate. 
3B270A02. 
RESERVED 
4B270A03. 
EXERCISE AND ASSIGNMENT 
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to the 
exercise of option contracts on Chinese renminbi/U.S. dollar futures.  
16B270A03.A. 
Exercise of Option by BuyerF 
All in-the-money options are automatically exercised by the Clearing House on the day of expiration for 
the option.  All out-of-the-money options are abandoned by the Clearing House on the day of expiration 
for the option. An option is in-the-money if the settlement price of the underlying futures contract at 
termination lies above or is equal to the exercise price in the case of a call, or lies below the exercise 
price in the case of a put. 
17B270A03.B. 
Assignment 
Exercise notices accepted by the Clearing House shall be assigned through a process of random 
selection to clearing members with open short positions in the same series.  A clearing member to which 
an exercise notice is assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as practicable after such notice is assigned 
by the Clearing House, but not later than 45 minutes before the opening of Regular Trading Hours in the 
underlying futures contract on the following Business Day.  
The clearing member assigned an exercise notice shall be assigned a short position in the underlying 
futures contract if a call is exercised or a long position if a put is exercised.  The clearing member 
representing the option buyer shall be assigned a long position in the underlying futures contract if a call 
is exercised and a short position if a put is exercised.  
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of the option and shall 
be marked to market in accordance with 
HRule 814H on the Trading Day of acceptance by the Clearing 
House of the exercise notice.  
5B270A04. 
 [RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 270A) 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 4 
Chapter 271 
Korean Won/U.S. Dollar (KRW/USD) Futures 
1B27100. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Korean won/U.S. dollar futures.  In addition to this chapter, 
Korean won/U.S. dollar futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the 
Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time.  
2B27101. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
5B27101.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and final settlement during such hours and in such 
months as may be determined by the Exchange.  
6B27101.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 125,000,000 Korean won. 
7B27101.C. 
Price Increments 
Minimum price fluctuations shall be in multiplies of $.0000001 per Korean won, equivalent to 
$12.50 per contract.   
27101.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
8B27101.E. 
[Reserved]  
9B27101.F. 
  
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
10B27101.G. 
Termination of Trading 
1BFutures trading shall terminate at 3:30 p.m. Seoul time on the third Monday of the contract 
month.  If the foregoing date for termination is a bank holiday in Seoul, futures trading shall 
terminate on the preceding Business Day. 
27101.H. 
[Reserved]  
27102. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
12B27102.A. 
[Reserved] 
13B27102.B. 
Cash Settlement 
All Korean won/U.S. dollar futures contracts remaining open after the close of trading on the 
termination of trading day shall be liquidated by cash settlement at a price equal to the Final 
Settlement Price. Final Settlement Price is equal to the reciprocal of the spot exchange rate of 
Republic of Korea won per U.S. dollar as reported on the termination of trading day by the Seoul 
Money Brokerage Service Limited (SMBS) as “KRW KFTC 18” or “KRW02”, which appears on the 
Reuters KFTC18 Page to the right of the caption “USD Today.” The reciprocal will be rounded to 
seven decimal places. The reported KFTC18 rate represents spot market activity for value on the 
second succeeding Korean Business Day. This spot exchange rate is published at about 4:00 p.m. 
Seoul Time on the rate calculation date. This rate is used widely by the interbank foreign exchange 
market to cash settle non-deliverable forward contracts for Korean won versus U.S. dollars. All 
open positions at the termination of trading will be cash settled to the reciprocal of this rate when it 
is available. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 4 
In the event that the spot exchange rate of Korean won per U.S. dollar is not reported by the Seoul 
Money Brokerage Service Limited (SMBS) on the CME Korean won/U.S. dollar futures contract 
Termination of Trading day, and therefore, CME cannot determine the CME Korean won/U.S. dollar 
Final Settlement Price, then final settlement of the CME Korean won/U.S. dollar futures contract 
may be deferred or postponed for up to 14 consecutive calendar days.  This procedure is intended 
to correspond to the deferral or postponement procedure followed by the inter-bank non-deliverable 
forward (“NDF”) market to cash-settle NDF transactions, pursuant to recognized market practices 
as published by EMTA, Inc., the Foreign Exchange Committee and the Singapore Foreign 
Exchange Market Committee (“SFEMC”). Upon the reporting of the spot exchange rate of Korean 
won per U.S. dollar by SMBS prior to the lapse of such 14-day period, CME shall determine the 
Final Settlement Price using the reciprocal of such KFTC rate rounded to seven decimal places, 
and the CME Korean won/U.S. dollar futures contract shall be cash settled on such day.  If 
however, 14 consecutive calendar days pass without CME shall otherwise determine the Final 
Settlement Price. 
After the lapse of 14 consecutive calendar publication of the KFTC rate, days without publication of 
the KFTC rate, the Final Settlement Price may be calculated and published by CME on the next 
Business Day using the SFEMC KRW Indicative Survey Rate (“KRW Indicative Survey Rate”), if 
available.  The KRW Indicative Survey Rate is proposed to be published by SFEMC (or its 
designee) and posted on the public portion of SFEMC and EMTA’s website following the 
continuous unavailability of the KFTC rate for 14 calendar days in order to provide the NDF market 
with a back-up rate source for valuation of certain outstanding non-deliverable foreign exchange 
transactions if the KFTC rate cannot be published for an extended period of time. The procedures 
for the SFEMC KRW Indicative Survey are defined in the Interpretation to this chapter. 
However, if SFEMC fails to publish the KRW Indicative Survey Rate on the first Business Day 
following the lapse of the valuation postponement or deferral period described above, and the 
KFTC rate is also unavailable, then SFEMC shall repeat efforts to obtain the KRW Indicative 
Survey Rate each day for an additional two Business Days.  If on either of these two Business 
Days the KFTC rate is published, then final settlement of the CME Korean won/U.S. dollar futures 
contracts shall be to the reciprocal of the first of these rates published, rounded to seven decimal 
places.  However, if the KFTC rate is unavailable and the SFEMC publishes the KRW Indicative 
Survey Rate on either of these two Business Days, then the final settlement of the CME Korean 
won/U.S. dollar futures contracts shall be to the reciprocal of the first of these rates published, 
rounded to seven decimal places.  If the SFEMC does not publish the KRW Indicative Survey Rate 
on either of these two Business Days, then Rule 812 shall apply to determine the Final Settlement 
Price.  
However, in the event that the Exchange determines that the Clearing House is not able to 
determine a Final Settlement Price pursuant to any of the preceding sections and the Interpretation 
to this chapter, then Rule 812 shall apply to determine the Final Settlement Price. 
4B27103.  
[RESERVED] 
  
(End Chapter 271) 
 INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES RELATING TO CHAPTER 271 
Effective, May 17, 2006, EMTA, Inc., the Foreign Exchange Committee (“FXC”) and the Singapore Foreign 
Exchange Market Committee (“SFEMC”) adopted amendments to the December 1, 2004 non-deliverable forward 
(“NDF”) template procedures for six Asian currencies, which included a “SFEMC KRW Indicative Survey” (“KRW 
Indicative Survey”) to be conducted in certain circumstances when the official closing "exchange rate of Korean 
won per U.S. dollar" as reported by the Korea Financial Telecommunication and Clearing Corporation (KFTC) and 
determined by the Seoul Money Brokerage Service Limited (SMBS) is unavailable for settlement of expiring non-
deliverable forward (“NDF”) Korean won versus U.S. dollar transactions. The KRW Indicative Survey results in 
the calculation of the “SFEMC KRW Indicative Survey Rate” (“KRW Indicative Survey Rate”), which can be used 
by the NDF market to settle non-deliverable Korean won/U.S. dollar transactions in defined circumstances.  In 
order to reduce basis risk for market participants trading both NDF Korean won transactions and CME Korean 
won/U.S. dollar futures and options on futures contracts, CME has also adopted procedures to settle terminated 
CME Korean won/U.S. dollar futures contracts to the reciprocal of the KRW Indicative Survey Rate when the 
KRW KFTC18 rate has been unavailable for 14 consecutive calendar days. The following sets forth the EMTA, 
FXC and SFEMC methodology for the KRW Indicative Survey.   


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 4 
The SFEMC KRW Indicative Survey 
For purposes of determining the SFEMC KRW Indicative Survey Rate (“KRW Indicative Survey Rate”) for any 
Valuation Date, SFEMC (or a service provider SFEMC may select in its sole discretion) shall conduct a survey of 
financial institutions (“KRW Indicative Survey”) for such date. 
• 
Commencing the KRW Indicative Survey: SFEMC (itself or through a service provider SFEMC 
will select in its sole discretion) will conduct a survey of financial institutions for the purpose of 
determining the SFEMC KRW Indicative Survey Rate, beginning at 11:00 a.m. (Singapore time) or 
as soon thereafter as practicable on a Business Day in Seoul (or a calendar day that would have 
been a Business Day but for an Unscheduled Holiday), following any 14 calendar day period during 
which valuation is deferred or postponed (or both). 
• 
Polled Banks: For purposes of determining the KRW Indicative Survey Rate for a Valuation Date, 
SFEMC (itself or through a service provider) will survey financial institutions that are active 
participants in the KRW/U.S. dollar market (each, a “Participating Bank”) and included in a current 
list of Participating Banks published on the SFEMC’s website (www.sfemc.org) (the “Publication 
Site”).  Only one office of each financial institution will be included as a Participating Bank in each 
KRW Indicative Survey.  
• 
Survey Question:  Each Participating Bank will be asked to provide its reasonable judgment of 
what is (or, in the case of an Unscheduled Holiday, would be) the current prevailing free market 
KRW spot rate (bid-offer pair) for a standard size KRW/U.S. dollar wholesale financial transaction 
for same-day settlement in the Seoul marketplace on the Valuation Date. In arriving at this 
indicative quotation, each Participating Bank will be directed to take such factors into consideration 
as it deems appropriate, which factors may (but need not) include any or all of the following: the 
spot rate(s) implied in the offshore non-deliverable foreign exchange market for KRW/U.S. dollar 
transactions; the spot rate implied by any other financial market transactions (to the extent that 
such other financial markets are open for business); the spot rate used in connection with any 
commercial transactions for goods or services from offshore suppliers or providers; any existing 
rate for trade finance transactions; and any other existing unofficial rate for KRW/U.S. dollar 
transactions (commercial or otherwise).  
Use of Survey Results   
• 
SFEMC (itself or through a service provider) will determine the mid-point of each bid-offer pair.  The 
arithmetic mean of the mid-points will be used to determine the KRW Indicative Survey Rate, 
rounded to the fourth decimal point as describe below. 
• 
If the KRW Indicative Survey results in 21 or more responses, then the 4 highest and 4 lowest mid-
points will be eliminated, and the arithmetic mean of the remaining mid-points will be computed and 
will constitute the KRW Indicative Survey Rate for such Valuation Date.  For purposes of 
eliminating the 4 highest and 4 lowest mid-points, if more than 4 mid-points have the same highest 
value or lowest value, then only 4 such mid-points shall be eliminated. 
• 
If the KRW Indicative Survey results in less than 21 but 11 or more responses, then the 2 highest 
and 2 lowest mid-points will be eliminated, and the arithmetic mean of the remaining mid-points 
shall be computed and will constitute the KRW Indicative Survey Rate for such Valuation Date.  For 
purposes of eliminating the 2 highest and 2 lowest mid-points, if more than 2 mid-points have the 
same highest value or lowest value, then only 2 such mid-points shall be eliminated. 
• 
If the KRW Indicative Survey results in less than 11 but 8 or more responses, then the highest and 
the lowest mid-points will be eliminated and the arithmetic mean of the remaining mid-points will be 
computed and will constitute the KRW Indicative Survey Rate for such Valuation Date.  For 
purposes of eliminating the highest and lowest mid-points, if more than 1 mid-point has the same 
highest value or lowest value, then only 1 such mid-point shall be eliminated. 
• 
If the KRW Indicative Survey results in less than 8 but 5 or more responses, then no mid-points will 
be eliminated and the arithmetic mean of all mid-points will be computed and will constitute the 
KRW Indicative Survey Rate for such Valuation Date. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 4 of 4 
• 
Quotes will be provided to the fourth decimal point (e.g., 1.0000). 
Insufficient Responses 
• 
If the KRW Indicative Survey results in less than 5 responses from Participating Banks (“Insufficient 
Responses”), no KRW Indicative Survey Rate will be available for the relevant Valuation Date.  The 
next KRW Indicative Survey will take place on the next succeeding Business Day in Seoul (or 
calendar day that would have been a Business Day but for an Unscheduled Holiday), subject to 
section below titled “Discontinuing the KRW Indicative Survey.” 
KRW Indicative Survey Rate Publication 
• 
The KRW Indicative Survey Rate will be published on Publication Site at 3:30 p.m. (Singapore 
time), or as soon thereafter as practicable. 
• 
As soon as it is determined that the KRW Indicative Survey will result in Insufficient Responses, a 
notice that no KRW Indicative Survey Rate is available for the Valuation Date will be published on 
the Publication Site. 
• 
The response of each Participating Bank to the Indicative Survey (bid-off pair) will be available on 
the Publication Site at 9:00 a.m. (Singapore time) on the first Business Day in Seoul (or calendar 
day that would have been a Business Day but for an Unscheduled Holiday) following the Business 
Day on which the relevant KRW Indicative Survey Rate is published, or as soon thereafter as 
practicable. 
Discontinuing the KRW Indicative Survey 
The KRW Indicative Survey will be discontinued (i) on the calendar day first following the Business Day in Seoul 
on which the KRW KFTC18 (KRW 02) is available for the determination of a Settlement Rate, or (ii) on the 
calendar day first following polling for the KRW Indicative Survey that results in Insufficient Responses for three 
consecutive polling days.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein will be construed to prevent SFEMC 
from continuing or re-initiating the KRW Indicative Survey at an appropriate time.   
A notice that the KRW Indicative Survey has been discontinued will be published on the Publication Site. 
Amendments to the Methodology  
SFEMC may, in its discretion, from time to time, make such administrative, procedural or other modifications to 
this Methodology as are appropriate to ensure the continued operation and integrity of the KRW Indicative 
Survey. 
Disclaimer 
CME, SFEMC and any service provider SFEMC may select disclaim liability for the use of the SFEMC Indicative 
Survey Rates and for any action taken in reliance thereon, and CME, SFEMC and any service provider SFEMC 
may select make no representation and warranty, express or implied, either as to the results (including, without 
limitation, the accuracy, timeliness or adequacy) obtained from the use of any of the SFEMC Indicative Survey 
Rates or the methodology for determining any of the SFEMC Indicative Survey Rates and its merchantability or 
suitability for any particular use. 
 


 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 1 of 2 
 
Chapter 271A 
Options on Korean Won/U.S. Dollar (KRW/USD) Futures 
271A00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to options on Korean won/U.S. dollar futures.  In addition to this 
chapter, options on Korean won/U.S. dollar futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations 
of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate 
Chicago time.  
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate 
Chicago time. 
Options contracts covered by this chapter may also be referred to as: 
KRW/USD Monthly Options 
KRW/USD Weekly Friday Options 
271A01. 
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS 
271A01.A. 
Contract Months, Trading Hours, and Trading Halts 
Options contracts shall be listed for such contract months (i.e., expirations) and scheduled for trading 
during such hours, except as indicated below, as may be determined by the Exchange.  
271A01.B 
Trading Unit 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy, in the case of the call, or to sell, in the case of the put, one 
Korean won/U.S. dollar futures contract as specified in Chapter 271.  
271A01.C. 
Price Increments 
The price of an option shall be quoted in U.S. dollars per Korean won.  Each $.0000001 per Korean won 
(one point) shall represent $12.50.  For example, a quote of .0000063 represents an option price of 
$787.50 (63 points x $12.50 per point).  The minimum fluctuation shall be one point (also known as one 
tick).   
271A01.D. 
Underlying Futures Contract 
1. 
Monthly Options  
The underlying futures contract is the same as the option contract month (i.e., the January futures is the 
contract underlying the January option).  
2. 
Weekly Options  
For weekly Korean won/U.S. dollar options that expire before the monthly option, the underlying futures 
contract is the same as the option contract month.  For weekly Korean won/U.S. dollar options that expire 
after the monthly option, the underlying futures contract is the futures contract of the next consecutive 
calendar month.  For example, if Monday, June 19th is the expiration of the monthly option (whose 
underlying futures contract is the June futures), then for the options expiring Friday, June 2nd, June 9th 
and June 16th, the underlying futures contract is the June futures.  In this same example, for the options 
expiring on the Fridays, June 23rd and June 30th, the underlying futures contract is the July futures.  
271A01.E. 
Position Limits, Exemptions,  Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set forth 
in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to the 
Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions 
from the specified position limits. 
271A01.F. 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation limits 
as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
271A01.G. 
[Reserved]  


 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 2 of 2 
 
271A01.H. 
Termination of Trading 
1. 
Monthly Options  
Trading in monthly options on Korean won/U.S. dollar futures contracts shall terminate at the same date 
and time as the underlying futures contract.   
2. 
Weekly Friday Options  
Trading in weekly Friday options on the Korean won/U.S. dollar futures contract shall terminate at the 
close of trading (usually 2:00 p.m.) on those Fridays that are not also the termination of trading of a 
monthly option as described in the immediately preceding paragraph. If the foregoing date for termination 
is a scheduled Exchange holiday, trading in weekly Friday options shall terminate on the immediately 
preceding Business Day. In the event that the underlying futures market does not open on the scheduled 
expiration day, the option expiration shall be extended to the next day on which the underlying futures 
market is open for trading.  
271A01.I. 
[Reserved]  
271A01.J. 
Exercise Prices and Listing of Exercise Prices 
Transactions and exercise of options shall be conducted for options contracts as set forth in the Strike 
Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table. 
The Exchange may modify the provisions governing the establishment of exercise prices as it deems 
appropriate. 
271A02. 
RESERVED 
271A03. 
EXERCISE AND ASSIGNMENT 
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to the 
exercise of option contracts on Korean won/U.S. dollar futures.  
271A03.A. 
Exercise of Option by Buyer 
All in-the-money options are automatically exercised by the Clearing House on the day of expiration for 
the option.  All out-of-the-money options are abandoned by the Clearing House on the day of expiration 
for the option. An option is in-the-money if the settlement price of the underlying futures contract at 
termination lies above or is equal to the exercise price in the case of a call, or lies below the exercise 
price in the case of a put. 
271A03.B. 
Assignment 
Exercise notices accepted by the Clearing House shall be assigned through a process of random 
selection to clearing members with open short positions in the same series.  A clearing member to which 
an exercise notice is assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as practicable after such notice is assigned 
by the Clearing House, but not later than 45 minutes before the opening of Regular Trading Hours in the 
underlying futures contract on the following Business Day.  
The clearing member assigned an exercise notice shall be assigned a short position in the underlying 
futures contract if a call is exercised or a long position if a put is exercised.  The clearing member 
representing the option buyer shall be assigned a long position in the underlying futures contract if a call 
is exercised and a short position if a put is exercised.  
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of the option and shall 
be marked to market in accordance with Rule 814 on the Trading Day of acceptance by the Clearing 
House of the exercise notice.  
271A04. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 271A) 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 2 
 
 Chapter 273 
Turkish Lira/U.S. Dollar (TRY/USD) Futures 
 
27300. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Turkish lira/U.S. dollar futures.  In addition to this chapter, 
Turkish lira/U.S. dollar futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange 
insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
27301. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
27301.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months as 
may be determined by the Exchange. 
27301.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 1,000,000 Turkish lira. 
27301.C. 
Price Increments 
For trades executed on CME Globex electronic trading platform, minimum price fluctuations shall be in 
multiples of 0.000005 U.S. dollars per Turkish lira, equivalent to 5 U.S. dollars per contract.  Trades 
may also occur in multiples of 0.000001 U.S. dollars per Turkish lira for Turkish lira/U.S. dollar 
(TRY/USD) futures intra-currency spreads executed as simultaneous transactions pursuant to 
Rule 542. For transactions submitted through CME ClearPort, the minimum price fluctuation shall be 
0.0000005 U.S. dollars per Turkish lira.  
27301.D. 
 Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set 
forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & 
Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to 
the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions 
from the specified position limits. 
27301.E. 
[Reserved] 
27301.F. 
  
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations & 
Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.  
27301.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate at 4:00 p.m. London time on the second Business Day immediately 
preceding the third Wednesday of the contract month. If the foregoing date for termination is a bank 
holiday in Chicago or New York City, futures trading shall terminate on the next preceding Business 
Day common to Chicago and New York City banks and the Exchange. 
27301.H. 
[Reserved] 
27302. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
27302.A. 
Physical Delivery 
1. Procedures  
In addition to the procedures and requirements contained in this chapter, delivery procedures shall be 
governed by the rules set forth in Chapter 7. 
2. Delivery Days 
Delivery shall be made on the third Wednesday of the contract month. If that day is not a Business Day 
in the country of delivery or is a bank holiday in either Chicago or New York City, then delivery shall be 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 2 
 
made on the next day which is a Business Day in the country of delivery and is not a bank holiday in 
Chicago or New York City. 
27302.B. 
[Reserved] 
27303. 
[RESERVED] 
 (End Chapter 273) 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 4 
Chapter 279 
Indian Rupee/U.S. Dollar (INR/USD) Futures 
 
27900. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Indian rupee/U.S. dollar futures.  In addition to this chapter, 
Indian rupee/U.S. dollar futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the 
Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
27901. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
27901.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
27901.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 5,000,000 Indian rupees. 
27901.C. 
Price Increments 
For trades executed on CME Globex electronic trading platform, minimum price fluctuations shall 
be in multiplies of 0.01 U.S. cents per 100 Indian rupees, equivalent to 5 U.S. dollars per contract.  
Trades may also occur in multiples of 0.005 U.S. cents per 100 Indian rupees (equivalent to 2.50 
U.S. dollars per contract), commonly referred to as a one-half tick, for Indian rupee/U.S. dollar 
futures intra-currency spreads executed as simultaneous transactions pursuant to Rule 542. For 
transactions submitted through CME ClearPort, the minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.001 U.S. 
center per 100 Indian rupees. 
279.01.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.  
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
27901.E. 
[Reserved] 
27901.F. 
 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
27901.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate at 12:00 noon Mumbai time two Indian business days immediately 
preceding the last Indian business day of the contact month.  
27901.H. 
[Reserved] 
27902. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
27902.A. 
[Reserved] 
27902.B. 
Cash Settlement 
The Final Settlement Price shall be equal to the reciprocal of “INR FBIL (INR01),” which is the 
“Indian rupee per U.S. dollar” spot exchange rate published by the Financial Benchmarks India 
(Pvt) Limited (FBIL) at approximately 1:30 p.m. Mumbai time. This rate is widely used by the 
interbank foreign exchange market to cash settle non-deliverable forward contracts for Indian rupee 
versus U.S. dollars. The FBIL quotes this USD/INR spot rate on its website www.fbil.org.in. The 
Final Settlement Price shall be rounded to two (2) decimal places. Open positions on the business 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 4 
day following the termination of trading day will be marked to the Final Settlement Price. For 
example, the Final Settlement Price based upon the reciprocal of a FBIL INR/USD rate of 54.8473 
Indian rupees per one U.S. dollar is 182.32 U.S. cents per 100 Indian rupees. 
In the event that the “Indian rupee per U.S. dollar" fixing (or “midpoint”) rate as calculated by the  
FBIL is not published on the CME Indian rupee futures contract Termination of Trading day, and 
therefore, CME cannot determine the CME Indian rupee Final Settlement Price, then final 
settlement of the CME Indian rupee/U.S. dollar futures contract may be deferred or postponed for 
up to 14 consecutive calendar days. This procedure is intended to correspond to the deferral or 
postponement procedure followed by the interbank non-deliverable forward (“NDF”) market to 
cash-settled NDF transactions, pursuant to recognized market practices as published by EMTA, 
Inc., the Foreign Exchange Committee and the Singapore Foreign Exchange Market Committee 
(“SFEMC”). Upon the publication of the “Indian rupee per U.S. dollar" fixing (or “midpoint”) rate as 
calculated by the FBIL prior to the lapse of such 14-day period, CME shall determine the Final 
Settlement Price using the reciprocal of such FBIL rate and the CME Indian rupee/U.S. dollar 
futures contract shall be cash settled on such day. If however, 14 consecutive calendar days pass 
without publication of the FBIL rate, CME shall otherwise determine the Final Settlement Price.  
After the lapse of 14 consecutive calendar days without publication of the FBIL “Indian rupee per 
U.S. dollar” fixing (or “midpoint”) rate, the Final Settlement Price may be calculated and published 
by CME on the next Business Day using the SFEMC INR Indicative Survey Rate (“INR Indicative 
Survey Rate”), if available. The INR Indicative Survey Rate is proposed to be published by SFEMC 
(or its designee) and posted on the public portion of SFEMC and EMTA’s website following the 
continuous unavailability of the FBIL rate for 14 calendar days in order to provide the NDF market 
with a back-up rate source for valuation of certain outstanding non-deliverable foreign exchange 
transactions if the FBIL rate cannot be published for an extended period of time. The procedures 
for the SFEMC INR Indicative Survey are defined in the Interpretation to this chapter. 
However, if SFEMC fails to publish the INR Indicative Survey Rate on the first Business Day 
following the lapse of the valuation postponement or deferral period described above, and the INR 
rate is also unavailable, then SFEMC shall repeat efforts to obtain the INR Indicative Survey Rate 
each day for an additional two business days. If on either of these two Business Days the INR 
“Indian rupee per U.S. dollar” fixing (or “midpoint”) rate is published, then final settlement of the 
CME Indian rupee/U.S. dollar futures contracts shall be the reciprocal of the first of these rates 
published. However, if the FBIL rate is unavailable and the SFEMC publishes the FBIL Indicative 
Survey Rate on either of these two Business Days, then the final settlement of the CME Indian 
rupee/U.S. dollar futures contracts shall be the reciprocal of the first of these rates published. If the 
SFEMC does not publish the FBIL Indicative Survey Rate on either of these two Business Days, 
then Rule 812 shall apply to determine the Final Settlement Price.  
However, in the event that the Exchange determines that the Clearing House is not able to 
determine a Final Settlement Price pursuant to any of the preceding sections and the Interpretation 
to this chapter, then Rule 812 shall apply to determine the Final Settlement Price. 
27903. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 279) 
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES RELATING TO CHAPTER 279 
Effective, May 17, 2006, EMTA, Inc., the Foreign Exchange Committee (“FXC”) and the Singapore Foreign 
Exchange Market Committee (“SFEMC”) adopted amendments to the December 1, 2004 non-deliverable forward 
(“NDF”) template procedures for six Asian currencies, which included a “SFEMC INR Indicative Survey” (“INR 
Indicative Survey”) to be conducted in certain circumstances when the "Indian rupee per U.S. dollar" fixing (or 
“midpoint” or “INR FBIL (INR01)”) rate as calculated by the Financial Benchmarks India (Pvt) Limited (FBIL) is 
unavailable for settlement of expiring non-deliverable forward (“NDF”) Indian rupee versus U.S. dollar 
transactions. The INR Indicative Survey results in the calculation of the “SFEMC INR Indicative Survey Rate” 
(“INR Indicative Survey Rate”), which can be used by the NDF market to settle non-deliverable Indian rupee/U.S. 
dollar transactions in defined circumstances. In order to reduce basis risk for market participants trading both 
NDF Indian rupee transactions and CME Indian rupee/U.S. dollar futures and options on futures contracts, CME 
has also adopted procedures to settle terminated CME Indian rupee/U.S. dollar futures contracts to the 
reciprocal of the INR Indicative Survey Rate when the FBIL rate has been unavailable for 14 consecutive 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 4 
calendar days. The following sets forth the EMTA, the Foreign Exchange Committee and SFEMC methodology 
for the INR Indicative Survey. 
The SFEMC INR Indicative Survey 
For purposes of determining the SFEMC INR Indicative Survey Rate (“INR Indicative Survey Rate”) for any 
Valuation Date, SFEMC (or a service provider SFEMC may select in its sole discretion) shall conduct a survey of 
financial institutions (“INR Indicative Survey”) for such date. 
• 
Commencing the INR Indicative Survey  
SFEMC (itself or through a service provider SFEMC will select in its sole discretion) will conduct a survey of 
financial institutions for the purpose of determining the SFEMC INR Indicative Survey Rate, beginning at 
12:00 Noon (Singapore time) or as soon thereafter as practicable on a Business Day in Mumbai (or a 
calendar day that would have been a Business Day but for an Unscheduled Holiday), following any 14 
calendar day period during which valuation is deferred or postponed (or both). 
• 
Polled Banks  
For purposes of determining the INR Indicative Survey Rate for a Valuation Date, SFEMC (itself or through a 
service provider) will survey financial institutions that are active participants in the INR/U.S. Dollar market 
(each, a “Participating Bank”) and included in a current list of Participating Banks published on the SFEMC’s 
website (www.sfemc.org) (the “Publication Site”). Only one office of each financial institution will be included 
as a Participating Bank in each INR Indicative Survey. 
• 
Survey Question  
Each Participating Bank will be asked to provide its reasonable judgment of what is (or, in the case of an 
Unscheduled Holiday, would be) the current prevailing free market INR spot rate (bid-offer pair) for a 
standard size INR/U.S. Dollar wholesale financial transaction for same-day settlement in the Mumbai 
marketplace on the Valuation Date. In arriving at this indicative quotation, each Participating Bank will be 
directed to take such factors into consideration as it deems appropriate, which factors may (but need not) 
include any or all of the following: the spot rate(s) implied in the offshore non-deliverable foreign exchange 
market for INR/U.S. Dollar transactions; the spot rate implied by any other financial market transactions (to 
the extent that such other financial markets are open for business); the spot rate used in connection with any 
commercial transactions for goods or services from offshore suppliers or providers; any existing rate for 
trade finance transactions; and any other existing unofficial rate for INR/U.S. Dollar transactions (commercial 
or otherwise). 
Use of Survey Results 
• 
SFEMC (itself or through a service provider) will determine the mid-point of each bid-offer pair. The 
arithmetic mean of the mid-points will be used to determine the INR Indicative Survey Rate, rounded to the 
fourth decimal point as described below. 
• 
If the INR Indicative Survey results in 21 or more responses, then the 4 highest and 4 lowest mid-points will 
be eliminated, and the arithmetic mean of the remaining mid-points will be computed and will constitute the 
INR Indicative Survey Rate for such Valuation Date. For purposes of eliminating the 4 highest and 4 lowest 
mid-points, if more than 4 mid-points have the same highest value or lowest value, then only 4 such mid-
points will be eliminated. 
• 
If the INR Indicative Survey results in less than 21 but 11 or more responses, then the 2 highest and 2 
lowest mid-points will be eliminated, and the arithmetic mean of the remaining mid-points will be computed 
and will constitute the INR Indicative Survey Rate for such Valuation Date. For purposes of eliminating the 2 
highest and 2 lowest mid-points, if more than 2 mid-points have the same highest value or lowest value, 
then only 2 such mid-points will be eliminated. 
• 
If the INR Indicative Survey results in less than 11 but 8 or more responses, then the highest and the lowest 
mid-points will be eliminated and the arithmetic mean of the remaining midpoints will be computed and will 
constitute the INR Indicative Survey Rate for such Valuation Date. For purposes of eliminating the highest 
and lowest mid-points, if more than 1 mid-point has the same highest value or lowest value, then only 1 such 
mid-point will be eliminated. 
• 
If the INR Indicative Survey results in less than 8 but 5 or more responses, then no mid-points will be 
eliminated and the arithmetic mean of all midpoints will be computed and will constitute the INR Indicative 
Survey Rate for such Valuation Date. 
• 
Quotes will be provided to the fourth decimal point (e.g., 1.0000). 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 4 of 4 
Insufficient Responses 
• 
If the INR Indicative Survey results in less than 5 responses from Participating Banks (“Insufficient 
Responses”), no INR Indicative Survey Rate will be available for the relevant Valuation Date. The next INR 
Indicative Survey will take place on the next succeeding Business Day in Mumbai (or calendar day that 
would have been a Business Day but for an Unscheduled Holiday), subject to Section V below. 
• 
INR Indicative Survey Rate Publication 
• 
The INR Indicative Survey Rate will be published on the Publication Site at 3:30 p.m. (Singapore time), or as 
soon thereafter as practicable. 
• 
As soon as it is determined that the INR Indicative Survey will result in Insufficient Responses, a notice that 
no INR Indicative Survey Rate is available for the Valuation Date will be published on the Publication Site. 
• 
The response of each Participating Bank to the Indicative Survey (bid-offer pair) will be available on the 
Publication Site at 9:00 a.m. (Singapore time) on the first Business Day in Mumbai (or calendar day that 
would have been a Business Day but for an Unscheduled Holiday) following the Business Day on which the 
relevant INR Indicative Survey Rate is published, or as soon thereafter as practicable. 
Discontinuing the INR Indicative Survey 
The INR Indicative Survey will be discontinued (i) on the calendar day first following the Business Day in Mumbai 
on which the INR RBIB (INR 01) is available for the determination of a Settlement Rate, or (ii) on the calendar 
day first following polling for the INR Indicative Survey that results in Insufficient Responses for three consecutive 
polling days. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein will be construed to prevent SFEMC from continuing 
or re-initiating the INR Indicative Survey at an appropriate time. 
A notice that the INR Indicative Survey has been discontinued will be published on the Publication Site. 
Amendments to the Methodology 
SFEMC may, in its discretion, from time to time, make such administrative procedural or other modifications to 
this Methodology as are appropriate to ensure the continued operation and integrity of the INR Indicative Survey. 
Disclaimer 
CME, SFEMC and any service provider SFEMC may select disclaim liability for the use of the SFEMC Indicative 
Survey Rates and for any action taken in reliance thereon, and CME, SFEMC and any service provider SFEMC 
may select make no representation and warranty, express or implied, either as to the results (including, without 
limitation, the accuracy, timeliness or adequacy) obtained from the use of any of the SFEMC Indicative Survey 
Rates or the methodology for determining any of the SFEMC Indicative Survey Rates and its merchantability or 
suitability for any particular use. 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 3 
Chapter 284A 
Options on U.S. Dollar/Offshore Chinese Renminbi (USD/RMB) Futures 
 
284A00.     SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
 
This chapter is limited in application to options on U.S. dollar/offshore Chinese renminbi futures. 
In addition to this chapter, options on U . S .  d o l l a r / offshore Chinese renminbi futures shall 
be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to 
and indicate Chicago time. 
Options contracts covered by this chapter may also be referred to as: 
USD/RMB Monthly Options 
USD/RMB Weekly Friday Options 
 
284A01.     OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS 
 
284A01.A.    Contract Months, Trading Hours, and Trading Halts 
Options contracts shall be listed for such contract months (i.e., expirations) and scheduled for 
trading during such hours, except as indicated below, as may be determined by the Exchange. 
284A01.B.    Trading Unit 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy, in the case of the call, or to sell, in the case of the 
put, one U.S. dollar/offshore Chinese renminbi futures contract as specified in Chapter 284. 
284A01.C.    Price Increments 
The price of an option shall be quoted in offshore Chinese renminbi per U.S. dollars.  For trades 
executed on CME Globex electronic trading platform, the minimum fluctuation shall be 0.0005 
CNH per U.S. dollar and represent 50 RMB per contract. A trade may also occur at a price of 
0.00025, 0.00075, 0.00125, 0.00175, and 0.00225.  For transactions submitted through CME 
ClearPort, the minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.00025 offshore Chinese renminbi per U.S. 
dollar. 
284A01.D.    Underlying Futures Contract 
1. Quarterly and Serial Options 
The underlying futures contract is the nearest futures contract in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., 
March, June, September and December) that has not yet terminated trading. 
2. Weekly Options  
The underlying futures contract is the nearest quarterly futures contract following the option 
expiration, with the exception that for weekly options expiring between the quarterly option 
expiration and the nearest quarterly futures termination of trading date, the underlying futures 
contract is the next nearest quarterly futures contract. 
284A01.E.    Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, 
are set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall 
apply to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the 
Market Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
284A01.F.    Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price 
fluctuation limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in 
the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
284A01.G.    Termination of Trading and Expiration Days for Options  


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 3 
1. Monthly Options in the March Quarterly Cycle ("Quarterly Options") 
Trading in monthly options in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., March, June, September and 
December) shall terminate at 2:00 p.m. Shanghai time/3:00 p.m. Tokyo time on the Friday 
immediately preceding the third Wednesday of the contract month. If the foregoing date for 
termination is a scheduled Exchange holiday, trading in monthly options shall terminate on the 
immediately preceding business day. In the event that the underlying futures market does not 
open on the scheduled expiration day, the option expiration shall be extended to the next day on 
which the underlying futures market is open for trading. 
2. Monthly Options Not in the March Quarterly Cycle ("Serial Options") 
Trading in monthly options not in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., January, February, April, May, 
July, 
August, October and November) shall terminate at 2:00 p.m. Shanghai time/3:00 p.m. Tokyo 
time on the Friday immediately preceding the third Wednesday of the contract month. If the 
foregoing date for termination is a scheduled Exchange holiday, trading in monthly options shall 
terminate on the immediately preceding business day. In the event that the underlying futures 
market does not open on the scheduled expiration day, the option expiration shall be extended 
to the next day on which the underlying futures market is open for trading. 
3. Weekly Friday Options 
Trading in weekly Friday  options shall terminate at 2:00 p.m. Shanghai time/3:00 p.m. 
Tokyo time on those Fridays that are not also the termination of trading of a monthly option as 
described in the preceding sections 1 and 2. If the foregoing date for termination is a scheduled 
Exchange holiday, trading in weekly options shall terminate on the immediately preceding 
business day.  If there are five or more consecutive Hong Kong holidays prior to a weekly Friday 
option termination, then such weekly Friday option shall not be listed for trading. In the event that 
the underlying futures market does not open on the scheduled expiration day, the option 
expiration shall be extended to the next day on which the underlying futures market is open for 
trading. 
284A01.H.    Exercise Prices and Listing of Exercise 
Prices 
Transactions and exercise of options shall be conducted for options contracts as set forth in the 
Strike Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table. 
The Exchange may modify the provisions governing the establishment of exercise prices as it 
deems appropriate. 
 
284A02.     EXERCISE AND ASSIGNMENT 
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply 
to the exercise of option contracts on U.S. dollar/offshore Chinese renminbi futures. All options 
on U.S. dollar/offshore Chinese renminbi futures are European-style exercise only. Early option 
exercise prior to the option expiration day is not permitted. Contrary option exercise instructions 
are also not allowed. 
284A02.A.    Exercise of Options 
All in-the-money options are automatically exercised by the Clearing House on the day of 
expiration for the option.  All out-of-the-money options are abandoned by the Clearing House 
on the day of expiration for the option.  To determine whether an option is in or out of the 
money on this day, the Exchange shall calculate the relevant “CME currency fixing price” from 
GLOBEX-traded underlying futures contracts as follows: 
Tier 1     Take the 60-second average of sale (trade) prices, weighted by volume from 
14:59:00 to 14:59:59 p.m. Tokyo time on the day of determination of the CME currency fixing 
price. 
Tier 2     If less than twenty or no sales (trades) occurred during the 60-second interval noted 
above, take the midpoint of each bid & ask spread where available and average the 
resulting midpoints over the 60-second interval. 
Tier 3     If no sales (trades) and no bid and ask prices occurred during the 60-second interval, 
then Exchange staff shall derive the CME currency fixing price (as a synthetic futures price) 
from quote vendor spot rates and appropriate maturity forward points. 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 3 of 3 
An option is in the money if the CME currency fixing price of the underlying futures contract 
lies above or is equal to the exercise price in the case of a call, or lies below the exercise 
price in the case of a put.  
284A02.B.    Assignment 
Exercise notices created by the Clearing House f o r  b u y e r s  o f  o p t i o n s  shall be 
assigned by the Clearing House through a process of random selection to clearing members with 
open short positions in the same series.  A clearing member to which an exercise notice is 
assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as practicable after such notice is assigned by the 
Clearing House, but not later than 45 minutes before the opening of Regular Trading Hours in 
the underlying futures contract on the following Business Day. 
The clearing member assigned an exercise notice shall be assigned a short position in the 
underlying futures contract if a call is exercised or a long position if a put is exercised.  The 
clearing member representing the option buyer shall be assigned a long position in the underlying 
futures contract if a call is exercised and a short position if a put is exercised. 
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of the option 
and shall be marked to market in accordance with Rule 814 on the trading day of acceptance by 
the Clearing House of the exercise notice. 
 
284A03.     [RESERVED] 
        (End Chapter 284A) 
 
 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 284L   
U.S. Dollar/Offshore Chinese Renminbi (USD/RMB) Futures 
284L00. SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to futures trading in U.S. dollar versus offshore Chinese renminbi 
(for example, held in Hong Kong or any other country outside of the People’s Republic of China 
designated by CME Clearing).1  The procedures for trading, clearing, delivery, settlement and any 
other matters not specifically contained herein shall be governed by the rules of the Exchange.  
284L01. TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
284L01.A. Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months 
as may be determined by the Board of Directors.  
284L01.B. Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 100,000 U.S. dollars. 
284L01.C. Price Increments 
For trades executed on CME Globex electronic trading platform, minimum price fluctuations shall be 
in multiplies of 0.0005 offshore Chinese renminbi (RMB) per U.S. dollar, equivalent to 50 RMB per 
contract. Trades may also occur in multiples of 0.00025 offshore Chinese renminbi (RMB) per U.S. 
dollar, commonly referred to as one-half tick (25 RMB/contract) for U.S. dollar/offshore Chinese 
renminbi (RMB) futures intra-currency spreads executed as simultaneous transactions pursuant to 
Rule 542.  For transactions submitted through CME ClearPort, the minimum price fluctuation shall be 
0.0001 offshore Chinese renminbi per U.S. dollar. 
284L.01.D. Position Limits and Position Accountability 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set 
forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & 
Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to 
the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions 
from the specified position limits. 
284L01.E. Termination of Trading  
Futures trading shall terminate at 11:00 a.m. Hong Kong time on the second Hong Kong business 
day immediately preceding the third Wednesday of the contract month. 
284L01.F. Contract Modifications 
Specifications shall be fixed as of the first day of trading of a contract, except that all deliveries must 
conform to government regulations in force at the time of delivery.  If any national or international 
government agency or body issues an order, ruling, directive or law that conflicts with the 
requirements of these rules, such order, ruling, directive or law shall be construed to take precedence 
and become part of these rules and all open and new contracts shall be subject to such government 
orders. 
284L01.G. Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations & 
Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
 
284L02. SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
 
284L02.A. Cash Settlement 
All U.S. dollar/offshore Chinese renminbi futures contracts remaining open after the close of trading 
on the termination of trading day shall be liquidated by cash settlement at a price equal to the Final 
 
1 The Chinese renminbi (“RMB” or “people’s currency”) is denominated in the unit “yuan” (also known by symbol “CNY”).  
However, Chinese renminbi held offshore in Hong Kong is also known by symbol “CNH.” 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 2 
Settlement Price in CNH. The CME U.S. dollar/offshore Chinese renminbi futures contract Final 
Settlement Price shall be equal to the “CNY CNHHK” (CNY03),” which is the “Offshore Chinese 
renminbi per U.S. Dollar” spot exchange rate, for settlement in two business days, reported by the 
Treasury Markets Association, Hong Kong (www.tma.org.hk) as its USD/CNY (HK) Spot Rate at 
approximately 11:30 a.m., Hong Kong time rounded to four decimal places. 
1. 
Futures Final Settlement Price when the CNY CNHHK (“CNY03’) Rate is Unavailable for a 
Given Day  
In the event that the CNY CNHHK (CNY03) rate is determined in the sole discretion of the 
Exchange to be unavailable on the termination of trading day, then final settlement of the CME 
U.S. dollar/offshore Chinese renminbi futures contract may be deferred or postponed for up to 
(but not more than) 14 consecutive calendar days. Upon the publication of the CNY CNHHK 
(CNY03) rate prior to the lapse of such 14-day period, CME shall determine the Final 
Settlement Price using the rate and the CME U.S. dollar/offshore Chinese renminbi futures 
contract shall be settled on such day. If however, 14 consecutive calendar days pass without 
publication of the CNY CNHHK (CNY03) rate, CME shall otherwise determine the Final 
Settlement Price.  
2.  
Procedures after 14-Day Deferral Period  
However, in the event that the Exchange determines that the Clearing House is not able to 
determine a Final Settlement Price pursuant to any of the preceding sections, then Rule 812 
shall apply to determine the Final Settlement Price. 
284L03.  DISCLAIMER  
The USD/CNY(HK) Spot Rate published by the Treasury Markets Association of Hong Kong on its 
website is subject to the disclaimer and copyright notice regarding information set out on its website 
which may be viewed HERE. 
 


 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                     Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 290 
Micro British Pound Sterling/U.S. Dollar (GBP/USD) Futures 
 
29000. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
 
This chapter is limited in application to Micro British pound sterling/U.S. dollar futures.  In addition to this 
chapter, Micro British pound sterling/U.S. dollar futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations 
of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
Futures contracts covered by this chapter may be referred to as Micro GBP/USD Futures.  
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate 
Chicago time. 
29001. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
29001.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months as may 
be determined by the Exchange. 
 
 
29001.B. 
Trading Unit 
 
 
 
The unit of trading shall be 6,250 British pounds sterling. 
 
 
29001.C. 
Price Increments 
Minimum price fluctuations shall be in multiples of $.0001 per British pound sterling, equivalent to $0.625 per 
contract. 
 
 
29001.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set forth in 
the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to the 
Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation Department 
may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions from 
the specified position limits. 
 
 
29001.E. 
[Reserved]  
 
 
 
29001.F. 
 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation limits as 
set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
 
 
29001.G. 
Termination Of Trading 
 
 
Futures trading shall terminate on the second Business Day immediately preceding the 
third Wednesday 
of the contract month.  If the foregoing date for termination is a bank holiday in Chicago or New York City, 
futures trading shall terminate on the next preceding  Business Day common to Chicago and New York City 
banks and the Exchange. 
29001.H. 
[Reserved] 
29002. 
  
PHYSICAL DELIVERY  
29002.A.  
Physical Delivery 
1. Procedures 
In addition to the procedures and requirements contained in this chapter, delivery procedures shall be 
governed by the rules set forth in Chapter 7. 
2. Delivery Days 
 
 
Delivery shall be made on the third Wednesday of the contract month. If that day is not a Business Day in 
the country of delivery or is a bank holiday in either Chicago or New York City, then delivery shall be made 
on the next day which is a Business Day in the country of delivery and is not a bank holiday in Chicago or 
New York City. 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                     Page 2 of 2 
 
 
 
29002.B. 
[Reserved] 
29003. 
[RESERVED]  
 
 
 
 
 
(End Chapter 290) 
 
 
 
 


 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                     Page 1 of 1 
Chapter 291 
Micro Australian Dollar/U.S. Dollar (AUD/USD) Futures 
 
29100. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Micro Australian dollar/U.S. dollar futures.  In addition to this chapter, 
Micro Australian dollar/U.S. dollar futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the 
Exchange insofar as applicable. 
Futures contracts covered by this chapter may be referred to as Micro AUD/USD Futures. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate 
Chicago time. 
29101. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
29101.A. 
Trading Schedule 
 
 
 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months as may 
be determined by the Exchange. 
 
 
29101.B. 
Trading Unit 
 
 
 
The unit of trading shall be 10,000 Australian dollars. 
 
 
29101.C. 
Price Increments 
Minimum price fluctuations shall be in multiples of $.0001 per Australian dollar,  equivalent to $1.00 per 
contract. 
 
 
29101.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set forth in 
the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to the 
Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation Department 
may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions from 
the specified position limits. 
 
 
 
29101.E. 
[Reserved]  
 
 
 
29101.F. 
 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation limits as 
set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
 
 
29101.G. 
Termination Of Trading 
 
 
Futures trading shall terminate on the second Business Day immediately preceding the third Wednesday of 
the contract month.  If the foregoing date for termination is a bank holiday in Chicago or New York City, 
futures trading shall terminate on the next preceding Business Day common to Chicago and New York City 
banks and the Exchange. 
29101.H. 
[Reserved] 
29102.  
PHYSICAL DELIVERY  
29102.A.  
Physical Delivery  
1. Procedures 
In addition to the procedures and requirements contained in this chapter, delivery procedures shall be 
governed by the rules set forth in Chapter 7. 
2. Delivery Days 
Delivery shall be made on the third Wednesday of the contract month. If that day is not a Business Day in 
the country of delivery or is a bank holiday in either Chicago or New York City, then delivery shall be made 
on the next day which is a Business Day in the country of delivery and is not a bank holiday in Chicago or 
New York City. 
29102.B. 
[Reserved] 
29103. 
[RESERVED] 
 
 
 
(End Chapter 291) 
 


 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                     Page 1 of 1 
Chapter 292 
Micro Euro/U.S. Dollar (EUR/USD) Futures 
 
29200. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Micro Euro/U.S. dollar futures.  In addition to this chapter, Micro 
Euro/U.S. dollar futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange insofar as 
applicable. 
Futures contracts covered by this chapter may be referred to as Micro EUR/USD Futures. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate 
Chicago time. 
29201. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
29201.A. 
Trading Schedule 
 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months as may 
be determined by the Exchange. 
 
 
29201.B. 
Trading Unit 
 
 
 
The unit of trading shall be 12,500 Euro. 
 
 
29201.C. 
Price Increments 
 
 
 
Minimum price fluctuations shall be in multiples of $.0001 per Euro, equivalent to $1.25 per contract. 
 
 
29201.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set forth in 
the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to the 
Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation Department 
may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions from 
the specified position limits. 
 
 
29201.E. 
[Reserved]  
 
 
 
29201.F. 
 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation limits as 
set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
 
 
29201.G. 
Termination Of Trading 
 
 
Futures trading shall terminate on the second Business Day immediately preceding the  
third Wednesday 
of the contract month.  If this date for termination of trading is not separated from the delivery day by at least 
one Business Day for the ECU Clearing System of the ECU Banking Association (EBA), futures trading shall 
terminate on the next preceding Business Day.  If the date for termination of trading defined above is a bank 
holiday in Chicago or New York City, futures trading shall terminate on the next preceding Business Day 
common to Chicago and New York City banks and the Exchange. 
29201.H. 
[Reserved] 
29202.  
PHYSICAL DELIVERY  
 
 
29202.A.  
Physical Delivery  
1. Procedures 
In addition to the procedures and requirements contained in this chapter, delivery procedures shall be 
governed by the rules set forth in Chapter 7. 
2. Delivery Days 
Delivery shall be made on the third Wednesday of the contract month. If that day is not a Business Day in 
the country of delivery or is a bank holiday in either Chicago or New York City, then delivery shall be made 
on the next day which is a Business Day in the country of delivery and is not a bank holiday in Chicago or 
New York City. 
29202.B. 
[Reserved] 
29203. 
[RESERVED] 
 
 
 
(End Chapter 292) 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 1 
Chapter 293 
Micro Canadian Dollar/U.S. Dollar (CAD/USD) Futures 
29300.  SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Micro Canadian dollar/U.S. dollar futures.  In addition to this chapter, 
Micro Canadian dollar/U.S. dollar futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange 
insofar as applicable. 
Futures contracts covered by this chapter may be referred to as Micro CAD/USD Futures. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate 
Chicago time. 
29301.  TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
29301.A.   
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months as may be 
determined by the Exchange. 
29301.B.   
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 10,000 Canadian dollars. 
29301.C.   
Price Increments 
Minimum price fluctuations shall be in multiples of $.0001 per Canadian dollar, equivalent to $1.00 per contract. 
29301.D.   
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set forth in the 
Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & Special Notices 
Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to the Market 
Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation Department may grant 
qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions from the 
specified position limits. 
29301.E.   
[Reserved]  
29301.F.   
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation limits as set 
forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations & Special Notices 
Section of Chapter 5.   
29301.G.   
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate on the Business Day immediately preceding the third Wednesday of the contract 
month.  If the foregoing date for termination is a bank holiday in Chicago or New York City, futures trading shall 
terminate on the next preceding Business Day common to Chicago and New York City banks and the Exchange. 
29301.H.   
[Reserved] 
29302.  PHYSICAL DELIVERY  
29302.A. 
Physical Delivery 
1.  Procedures 
In addition to the procedures and requirements contained in this chapter, delivery procedures shall be governed 
by the rules set forth in Chapter 7. 
2.  Delivery Days 
Delivery shall be made on the third Wednesday of the contract month.  If that day is not a Business Day in the 
country of delivery or is a bank holiday in either Chicago or New York City, then delivery shall be made on the 
next day which is a Business Day in the country of delivery and is not a bank holiday in Chicago or New York 
City. 
29302.B.   
[Reserved] 
 29303. [RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 293) 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 1 
Chapter 295 
Micro Swiss Franc/U.S. Dollar (CHF/USD) Futures 
29500.  SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Micro Swiss franc/U.S. dollar futures.  In addition to this chapter, Micro 
Swiss franc/U.S. dollar futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange insofar as 
applicable. 
Futures contracts covered by this chapter may be referred to as Micro CHF/USD Futures. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate 
Chicago time. 
29501.   TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
29501.A.   
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months as may be 
determined by the Exchange. 
29501.B.   
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 12,500 Swiss francs. 
29501.C.   
Price Increments 
Minimum price fluctuations shall be in multiples of $.0001 per Swiss franc, equivalent to $1.25 per contract. 
29501.D.   
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set forth in the 
Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & Special Notices 
Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to the Market 
Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation Department may grant 
qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions from the 
specified position limits. 
29501.E.   
[Reserved]  
29501.F.   
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation limits as set 
forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations & Special Notices 
Section of Chapter 5.   
29501.G.   
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate on the second Business Day immediately preceding the third Wednesday of the 
contract month.  If the foregoing date for termination is a bank holiday in Chicago or New York City, futures 
trading shall terminate on the next preceding Business Day common to Chicago and New York City banks and 
the Exchange. 
29501.H.   
[Reserved] 
29502.  PHYSICAL DELIVERY  
29502.A.  Physical Delivery 
1.  Procedures 
In addition to the procedures and requirements contained in this chapter, delivery procedures shall be governed 
by the rules set forth in Chapter 7. 
2.  Delivery Days 
Delivery shall be made on the third Wednesday of the contract month.  If that day is not a Business Day in the 
country of delivery or is a bank holiday in either Chicago or New York City, then delivery shall be made on the 
next day which is a Business Day in the country of delivery and is not a bank holiday in Chicago or New York 
City. 
29502.B.  
 [Reserved] 
29503.  [RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 295) 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 296 
Micro Indian Rupee/U.S. Dollar (INR/USD) Futures 
29600. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Micro Indian rupee/U.S. dollar futures.  In addition to this 
chapter, Micro Indian rupee/U.S. dollar futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations 
of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
Futures contracts covered by this chapter may be referred to as Micro INR/USD Futures. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
29601. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
29601.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
29601.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 1,000,000 Indian rupees. 
29601.C. 
Price Increments 
Minimum price fluctuations shall be in multiplies of 0.01 U.S. cents per 100 Indian rupees, 
equivalent to 1 U.S. dollar per contract.  Trades may also occur in multiples of 0.005 U.S. cents per 
100 Indian rupees (equivalent to 0.50 U.S. dollars per contract), commonly referred to as a one-half 
tick, for Indian rupee/U.S. dollar futures intra-currency spreads executed as simultaneous 
transactions pursuant to Rule 542. 
296.01.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.  
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
29601.E. 
[Reserved] 
29601.F. 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
29601.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate at 12:00 noon Mumbai time two Indian business days immediately 
preceding the last Indian business day of the contact month.   
29601.H. 
[Reserved] 
29602. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
29602.A. 
[Reserved] 
29602.B. 
Cash Settlement 
The Final Settlement Price shall be equal to the reciprocal of “INR FIBL (INR01),” which is the 
“Indian rupee per U.S. dollar” spot exchange rate published by the Financial Benchmarks India 
(Pvt) Limited (FBIL) at approximately 1:30 p.m. Mumbai time. This rate is widely used by the 
interbank foreign exchange market to cash settle non-deliverable forward contracts for Indian rupee 
versus U.S. dollars. The FIBL quotes this USD/INR spot rate on its website www.fbil.org.in. The 
Final Settlement Price shall be rounded to two (2) decimal places. Open positions on the business 
day following the termination of trading day will be marked to the Final Settlement Price. For 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 2 
example, the Final Settlement Price based upon the reciprocal of a FIBL INR/USD rate of 54.8473 
Indian rupees per one U.S. dollar is 182.32 U.S. cents per 100 Indian rupees. 
However, in the event that the Exchange determines that the Clearing House is not able to 
determine a Final Settlement Price pursuant to any of the preceding sections or the Interpretation 
to Chapter 279, then Rule 812 shall apply to determine the Final Settlement Price. 
29603. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 296) 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 1 
Chapter 297 
Micro U.S. Dollar/Japanese Yen (USD/JPY) Futures 
 
 
29700. SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Micro U.S. dollar/Japanese yen futures. In addition to this chapter, 
Micro U.S. dollar/Japanese yen futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the 
Exchange insofar as applicable. 
Futures contracts covered by this chapter may be referred to as Micro USD/JPY Futures. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
 
29701. TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
29701.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months as 
may be determined by the Exchange. 
29701.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 10,000 U.S. dollars. 
29701.C. 
Price Increments 
Minimum price fluctuations shall be in multiples of 0.01 Japanese yen per U.S. dollar, equivalent to 100 
Japanese yen per contract. 
29701.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set 
forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & 
Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to 
the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions 
from the specified position limits. 
29701.E. 
 [Reserved] 
29701.F. 
 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
29701.G.  
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate on the second Business Day immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the contract month. If the foregoing date for termination is a bank holiday in Chicago or 
New York City, futures trading shall terminate on the next preceding Business Day common to Chicago 
and New York City banks and the Exchange. 
29701.H.  
[Reserved] 
 
29702. PHYSICAL DELIVERY 
29702.A. Physical Delivery 
1. Procedures 
In addition to the procedures and requirements contained in this chapter, delivery procedures shall be 
governed by the rules set forth in Chapter 7. 
2. Delivery Days 
Delivery shall be made on the third Wednesday of the contract month. If that day is not a Business Day 
in the country of delivery or is a bank holiday in either Chicago or New York City, then delivery shall be 
made on the next day which is a Business Day in the country of delivery and is not a bank holiday in 
Chicago or New York 
City. 
29702.B. [Reserved] 
 
29703. [RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 297) 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 1 
Chapter 298 
Micro U.S. Dollar/Canadian Dollar (USD/CAD) Futures 
 
 
29800. SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Micro U.S. dollar/Canadian dollar futures. In addition to this 
chapter, Micro U.S. dollar/Canadian dollar futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of 
the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
Futures contracts covered by this chapter may be referred to as Micro USD/CAD Futures. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
 
29801. TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
29801.A.  
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months as 
may be determined by the Exchange. 
29801.B.   
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 10,000 U.S. dollars. 
29801.C.  
Price Increments 
Minimum price fluctuations shall be in multiples of 0.0001 Canadian dollars per U.S. dollar, equivalent to 
1.00 Canadian dollar per contract. 
29801.D.   
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set forth 
in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to the 
Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. Refer to Rule 559 for requirements 
concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions from the specified position limits. 
29801.E.  
[Reserved] 
29801.F.   
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation limits 
as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Limits Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
29801.G.  
 
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate on the Business Day immediately preceding the third Wednesday of the 
contract month. If the foregoing date for termination is a bank holiday in Chicago or New York City, 
futures trading shall terminate on the next preceding Business Day common to Chicago and New York 
City banks and the Exchange. 
29801.H.   
[Reserved] 
 
29802. PHYSICAL DELIVERY 
29802.A.   
Physical Delivery 
1. Procedures 
In addition to the procedures and requirements contained in this chapter, delivery procedures shall be 
governed by the rules set forth in Chapter 7. 
2. Delivery Days 
Delivery shall be made on the third Wednesday of the contract month. If that day is not a Business Day 
in the country of delivery or is a bank holiday in either Chicago or New York City, then delivery shall be 
made on the next day which is a Business Day in the country of delivery and is not a bank holiday in 
Chicago or New York City. 
29802.B.   
[Reserved] 
 
29803. [RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 298) 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 1 
Chapter 299 
Micro U.S. Dollar/Swiss Franc (USD/CHF) Futures 
 
 
29900. SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Micro U.S. dollar/Swiss franc futures. In addition to this chapter, 
Micro U.S. dollar/Swiss franc futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the 
Exchange insofar as applicable. 
Futures contracts covered by this chapter may be referred to as Micro USD/CHF Futures. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
 
29901. TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
29901.A.  
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months as 
may be determined by the Exchange. 
29901.B.  
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 10,000 U.S. dollars. 
29901.C. 
 Price Increments 
Minimum price fluctuations shall be in multiples of 0.0001 Swiss francs per U.S. dollar, equivalent to 
1.00 Swiss franc per contract. 
29901.D.  
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set 
forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & 
Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to 
the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions 
from the specified position limits. 
29901.E.  
[Reserved] 
29901.F.  
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Limits Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
29901.G.  
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate on the second Business Day immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the contract month. If the foregoing date for termination is a bank holiday in Chicago or 
New York City, futures trading shall terminate on the next preceding Business Day common to Chicago 
and New York City banks and the Exchange. 
29901.H.  
[Reserved] 
 
29902. PHYSICAL DELIVERY 
29902.A.   
Physical Delivery 
1. Procedures 
In addition to the procedures and requirements contained in this chapter, delivery procedures shall be 
governed by the rules set forth in Chapter 7. 
2. Delivery Days 
Delivery shall be made on the third Wednesday of the contract month. If that day is not a Business Day 
in the country of delivery or is a bank holiday in either Chicago or New York City, then delivery shall be 
made on the next day which is a Business Day in the country of delivery and is not a bank holiday in 
Chicago or New York City. 
29902.B.   
[Reserved] 
 
29903. [RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 299) 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 4 
Chapter 300 
CME WM/Reuters OTC Spot, Forward and Swap Contracts 
 
300.00. SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
 
This chapter is limited in application to CME WM/Reuters OTC Spot, Forward, and Swap Contracts (“CME WMR 
Contracts”), based on specified currency pairs, cash-settled by reference to WM/Reuters Spot Rates (“WMR 
Rates”)1.  Parties to transactions in CME WMR Contracts shall be limited to “eligible contract participants” as 
defined in Section 1a(18) of the Commodity Exchange Act.   
 
Transactions in CME WMR Contracts shall also be subject to the general rules of the Exchange insofar as 
applicable.  The clearing and settlement of transactions in CME WMR Contracts shall also be subject to the 
provisions of Chapter 8-F of the CME Rulebook (Over-the-Counter Derivative Clearing).   
 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate 
Chicago time. 
 
300.01. CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS  
 
300.01.A. 
Contract Summary 
 
CME WMR Contracts shall be based upon specified currency pairings as cataloged in the Appendix to this 
Chapter.     
 
The Unit of Trading and Clearing shall be specified in terms of the “clearing-unit currency.”   CME WMR 
Contracts shall be based on a Unit of Clearing to a Precision as specified in the Appendix to this Chapter. The 
minimum price fluctuation shall be specified in terms of the “minimum-fluctuation currency.”  CME WMR 
contracts shall be quoted in minimum price fluctuations as specified in the Appendix to this Chapter.   
 
The WMR Rate fixing time shall be as specified in the Appendix to this Chapter. 
 
For purposes of Position Accountability and the application of Position Limits, each CME WMR Contract shall be 
deemed to be the notional value contract equivalent as specified in the Appendix to this Chapter.   
 
300.01.B. 
Hours for Trading and Clearing Entry 
 
The Exchange shall determine the hours during which CME WMR Contracts may be traded and submitted to the 
Clearing House.  
 
300.01.C. 
Valid Value Dates for Cash Settlement 
 
 
CME WMR Contracts shall be cash settled for any valid value date mutually agreed to by buyer and seller, and 
accepted by the Exchange for the applicable currency pair as a valid value date(s) for cash settlement and 
clearing.   
 
300.01.D. 
Delivery Price and Delivery Value 
 
Delivery for CME WMR Contracts assigned pursuant to Chapter 300 shall be by cash settlement according to 
Rule 300.02. 
 
300.01.E. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
 
 
1 The WM/Reuters Spot Rates are provided by The World Markets Company PLC (WM) in conjunction with Reuters and are 
used for certain currencies (the “Rates”) displayed herein.  WM and Reuters shall not be liable for any errors in or delays in 
providing or making available the WM/Reuters Spot Rates, nor for any actions taken in reliance on the same.  The Rates 
cannot be used, reproduced, distributed, redistributed, licensed or disclosed in any way without a written agreement with WM. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 4 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set forth in the 
Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & Special Notices 
Section of Chapter 5.   
 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to the Market 
Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation Department may grant 
qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions from the 
specified position limits. 
 
300.01.F. 
Last Day of Trading 
 
The last day on which a transaction in a CME WMR Contract may be traded, in respect of a specified cash 
settlement date, shall be one (1) valid Business Day prior to the cash settlement date. 
 
300.01.G. 
Liquidation and Delivery Standards 
 
(1)  
At Maturity.  After clearing of CME WMR Contracts in respect of a specified cash settlement date has 
ceased, in accordance with Rule 300.01.G. of this chapter, outstanding contracts for such cash settlement date 
shall be liquidated by cash settlement through procedures as prescribed in Rule 300.02 and in a manner 
prescribed by the Clearing House. 
 
(2)  
Prior to Maturity.  Standard offsets of futures and options on futures shall not apply to positions in CME 
WMR Contracts.  Prior to the Cash Settlement Date, positions may be closed out upon the request of the 
clearing firm to the Clearing House, and in the manner prescribed by the Clearing House.  
 
300.01.H. 
[Reserved] 
 
300.02. 
 
CASH SETTLEMENT 
 
300.02.A. 
Day of Cash Settlement 
 
Each CME WMR Contract, for a valid value date for cash settlement in one Business Day, shall be liquidated by 
cash settlement at a price equal to the daily Final Settlement Price for that day.  The daily Final Settlement Price 
shall be equal to the WM/Reuters Spot Rate at the specified fixing time for that day for the specific currency pair 
in question, rounded to the nearest integral multiple of the minimum price increment as identified per the 
Appendix to this Chapter. 
   
For select currency pairs as indicated in asterisked footnotes in the Appendix to this Chapter, the Final Settlement 
Price shall be calculated using appropriate WM/Reuters Spot Rates for component currency pairs, and the result 
shall be rounded to the nearest integral multiple of the minimum price increments (also, “minimum price 
fluctuations”) as identified per the Appendix to this Chapter.  For example, the Australian dollar / Japanese yen 
(AUD/JPY) Final Settlement Price shall be calculated by multiplying the Australian dollar (AUD) / U.S. dollar (USD) 
Final Settlement Price in units of USD per AUD by the U.S. dollar (USD) / Japanese yen (JPY) Final Settlement 
Price in units of JPY per USD and rounding the result to six (6) decimal places.  
   
All open positions for that valid value date for cash settlement will be cash settled in the minimum fluctuation 
currency based upon the difference between the Final Settlement Price for the valid value date for cash settlement 
and the original trade price as submitted for clearing, times the notional value of the transaction in the clearing unit 
currency.   In select cases as noted in asterisked footnotes in the Appendix to Chapter 300, the resulting minimum 
fluctuation currency amount at final settlement shall be converted into the Unit of Trading and Clearing Currency by 
dividing by the Final Settlement Prices.  
 
In the event this final payment amount is positive, then the Clearing House shall debit the seller’s clearing 
member account and credit the buyer’s clearing member account for this final payment amount. In the event this 
final payment amount is negative, then the Clearing House shall debit the buyer’s clearing member account and 
credit the seller’s clearing member account for this final payment amount. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 4 
300.02.B. 
Procedures if No Cash Settlement Price is Available 
In the event that the Final Settlement Price for a valid value date for cash settlement cannot be published on a 
given day by WM/Reuters, and in order to minimize basis risk, the Final Settlement Price shall be determined as 
the next available WM/Reuters Spot Rate for the specific currency pair in question.   
300.02.C. 
Amendments to Timings 
The Exchange may amend the timings of notifications, deliveries, and transfers under this Rule 300.02 to reflect 
as appropriate the adoption of daylight savings time in the relevant countries of delivery. 
300.03. DISPUTES 
All disputes between interested parties may be settled by arbitration as provided in the Rules.   
 
(End Chapter 300) 
 
Appendix to Chapter 300: Contract Specifications 
 
 
Currency 
Pairing 
Unit of Trading 
and Clearing 
Precision 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
Contract 
Equivalent 
Fixing Time 
GBP/USD 
1 GBP 
0.01 GBP 
0.000001 USD/GBP 
62,500 GBP 
4:00 pm London time 
USD/CAD 
1 USD 
0.01 USD 
0.000001 CAD/USD 
100,000 CAD 
4:00 pm London time 
USD/JPY 
1 USD 
0.01 USD 
0.0001 JPY/USD 
12,500,000 JPY 
  4:00 pm London time 
USD/CHF** 
1 USD 
0.01 USD 
0.000001 CHF/USD 
125,000 CHF 
4:00 pm London time 
AUD/USD 
1 AUD 
0.01 AUD 
0.000001 USD/AUD 
100,000 AUD 
4:00 pm London time 
USD/MXN 
1 USD 
0.01 USD 
0.000001 MXN/USD* 
500,000 MXN 
4:00 pm London time 
NZD/USD 
1 NZD 
0.01 NZD 
0.000001 USD/NZD 
100,000 NZD 
4:00 pm London time 
USD/ZAR 
1 USD 
0.01 USD 
0.000001 ZAR/USD* 
500,000 ZAR 
4:00 pm London time 
EUR/USD 
1 EUR 
0.01 EUR 
0.000001 USD/EUR 
125,000 EUR 
4:00 pm London time 
USD/NOK** 
1 USD 
0.01 USD 
0.000001 NOK/USD* 
2,000,000 NOK 
 4:00 pm London time 
USD/SEK** 
1 USD 
0.01 USD 
0.000001 SEK/USD* 
2,000,000 SEK 
 4:00 pm London time 
USD/CZK** 
1 USD 
0.01 USD 
0.00001 CZK/USD* 
4,000,000 CZK 
 4:00 pm London time 
USD/HUF** 
1 USD 
0.01 USD 
0.0001 HUF/USD* 
30,000,000 HUF 
  4:00 pm London time 
USD/PLN** 
1 USD 
0.01 USD 
0.000001 PLN/USD* 
500,000 PLN 
4:00 pm London time 
USD/ILS 
1 USD 
0.01 USD 
0.000001 ILS/USD* 
1,000,000 ILS 
4:00 pm London time 
USD/TRY 
1 USD 
0.01 USD 
0.000001 TRY/USD* 
200,000 USD 
4:00 pm London time 
USD/DKK** 
1 USD 
0.01 USD 
0.000001 DKK/USD* 
100,000 USD 
4:00 pm London time 
EUR/GBP** 
1 EUR 
0.01 EUR 
0.0000001 GBP/EUR 
125,000 EUR 
4:00 pm London time 
EUR/JPY** 
1 EUR 
0.01 EUR 
0.0001 JPY/EUR 
125,000 EUR 
4:00 pm London time 
EUR/CHF 
1 EUR 
0.01 EUR 
0.0000001 CHF/EUR* 
125,000 EUR 
4:00 pm London time 
AUD/JPY** 
1 AUD 
0.01 AUD 
0.000001 JPY/AUD 
200,000 AUD 
4:00 pm London time 
CAD/JPY** 
1 CAD 
0.01 CAD 
0.00001 JPY/CAD 
200,000 CAD 
4:00 pm London time 
EUR/AUD** 
1 EUR 
0.01 EUR 
0.000001 AUD/EUR* 
125,000 EUR 
4:00 pm London time 
USD/HKD 
1 USD 
0.01 USD 
0.000001 HKD/USD* 
100,000 USD 
4:00 pm London time 
USD/SGD 
1 USD 
0.01 USD 
0.000001 SGD/USD* 
100,000 USD 
4:00 pm London time 
USD/THB 
1 USD 
0.01 USD 
0.0001 THB/USD* 
100,000 USD 
4:00 pm London time 
USD/JPY 
1 USD 
0.01 USD 
0.0001 JPY/USD 
12,500,000 JPY 
10:00 am New York time 
EUR/USD 
1 EUR 
0.01 EUR 
0.000001 USD/EUR 
125,000 EUR 
10:00 am New York time 
GBP/USD 
1 GBP 
0.01 GBP 
0.000001 USD/GBP 
62,500 GBP 
10:00 am New York time 
AUD/USD 
1 AUD 
0.01 AUD 
0.000001 USD/AUD 
100,000 AUD 
10:00 am New York time 
USD/CHF** 
1 USD 
0.01 USD 
0.000001 CHF/USD 
125,000 CHF 
10:00 am New York time 
USD/CAD 
1 USD 
0.01 USD 
0.000001 CAD/USD 
100,000 CAD 
10:00 am New York time 
EUR/GBP** 
1 EUR 
0.01 EUR 
0.0000001 GBP/EUR 
125,000 EUR 
10:00 am New York time 
 
*As specified in CME Rule 300.02.A., the minimum fluctuation currency amount at final settlement, shall be 
converted into the Unit of Trading and Clearing Currency by dividing by the Final Settlement Price.  This 
provision minimizes the number of currency accounts required to participate in centralized clearing of OTC cash 
settlement forwards. 
 
**As specified in CME Rule 300.02.A. for select currency pairs and as indicated in the Appendix to this Chapter 
above, the Final Settlement Price shall be calculated using appropriate WM/Reuters Spot Rates for component 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 4 of 4 
currency pairs, and the result shall be rounded to the nearest integral multiple of the minimum price increments 
(also, “minimum price fluctuations”) identified for that select currency pair in the Appendix to this Chapter above. 
 
 
 NOTES 
AUD 
= Australian dollar 
CAD 
= Canadian dollar 
CHF 
= Swiss franc 
CZK 
= Czech koruna 
DKK 
= Danish krone 
EUR 
GBP 
=
= 
Euro  
British pound 
HKD 
= Hong Kong dollar 
HUF 
= Hungarian forint 
ILS 
= Israeli shekel 
JPY 
= Japanese yen 
MXN  = Mexican peso 
NOK 
= Norwegian krone 
NZD 
= New Zealand dollar 
PLN 
= Polish zloty 
SEK 
= Swedish krona 
SGD 
= Singapore dollar 
THB  = Thailand baht 
TRY 
= Turkish lira 
USD 
= U.S. dollar 
ZAR 
= South African Rand 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 3 
Chapter 300A 
CME WM/Reuters OTC Options Contracts 
 
300A.00. SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
 
This chapter is limited in application to CME WM/Reuters OTC Option Contracts (“CME WMR Option 
Contracts”), based on specified currency pairs, cash-settled by reference to WM/Reuters Spot Rates (“WMR 
Rates”)1.  Parties to transactions in CME WMR Option Contracts shall be limited to “eligible contract participants” 
as defined in Section 1a(18) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 
 
Transactions in CME WMR O p t i o n  Contracts shall also be subject to the general rules of the Exchange 
insofar as applicable.   The clearing and settlement of transactions in CME WMR Opti on  Contracts shall 
also be subject to the provisions of Chapter 8-F of the CME Rulebook (Over-the-Counter Derivative Clearing). 
 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
 
300A.01. CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS  
 
300A.01.A. 
Contract Summary 
 
CME WMR Option Contracts shall be based upon specified currency pairings as cataloged in the Appendix to this 
Chapter. 
 
The Unit of Trading and Clearing shall be specified in terms of the “clearing-unit currency.”  CME WMR Option 
Contracts shall be based on a Unit of Clearing to a Precision as specified in the Appendix to this Chapter. The 
minimum price fluctuation shall be specified in terms of the “minimum-fluctuation currency.”  CME WMR Option 
Contracts shall be quoted in minimum price fluctuations as specified in the Appendix to this Chapter. 
 
The WMR Rate fixing time shall be as specified in the Appendix to this Chapter. 
 
For purposes of Position Accountability and the application of Position Limits, each CME WMR Option Contract 
shall be deemed to be the notional value contract equivalent as specified in the Appendix to this Chapter. 
 
300A.01.B.           Hours for Trading and Clearing Entry 
 
The Exchange shall determine the hours during which CME WMR Option Contracts may be traded and submitted 
to the Clearing House. 
 
300A.01.C.           Valid Value Dates for Cash Settlement 
 
CME WMR Option Contracts shall be cash settled for any valid value date mutually agreed to by buyer and seller, 
and accepted by the Exchange for the applicable currency pair as a valid value date(s) for cash settlement and 
clearing.    
 
300A.01.D.            Delivery Price and Delivery Value 
 
Delivery for CME WMR Option Contracts assigned pursuant to Chapter 300A shall be by cash settlement according 
to Rule 300A.02. 
 
300A.01.E.            Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
 
 
1The WM/Reuters Spot Rates are provided by The World Markets Company PLC (WM) in conjunction with Reuters and are used for certain 
currencies (the “Rates”) displayed herein. WM and Reuters shall not be liable for any errors in or delays in providing or making available the 
WM/Reuters Spot Rates, nor for any actions taken in reliance on the same. The Rates cannot be used, reproduced, distributed, redistributed, 
licensed or disclosed in any way without a written agreement with WM.   


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 3 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set forth in the 
Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of 
Chapter 5. 
 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to the Market 
Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation Department may grant 
qualified exemptions in its sole discretion.  
 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions from the 
specified position limits. 
 
300A.01.F.          Last Day of Trading 
 
The last day on which a transaction in a CME WMR Option Contract may be traded, in respect of a specified 
cash settlement date, shall be one (1) valid Business Day prior to the cash settlement date. 
 
300A.01.G.          Liquidation and Delivery Standards 
 
(1)         At Maturity.  After clearing of CME WMR Option Contracts in respect of a specified cash settlement date 
has ceased, in accordance with Rule 300A.01.G. of this chapter, outstanding contracts for such cash settlement 
date shall be liquidated by cash settlement through procedures as prescribed in Rule 300A.02 and in a manner 
prescribed by the Clearing House. 
 
(2)         Prior to Maturity.  Standard offsets of futures and options on futures shall not apply to positions in CME 
WMR Option Contracts.   Prior to the Cash Settlement Date, positions may be closed out upon the request of the 
clearing firm to the Clearing House, and in the manner prescribed by the Clearing House. 
 
300A.01.H.           Exercise Prices 
 
Exercise prices shall be stated in terms of the minimum price fluctuations as specified in the Appendix to this 
Chapter. 
 
300A.02. CASH SETTLEMENT 
 
300A.02.A.           Day of Cash Settlement 
 
Each CME WMR Option Contract, for a valid value date for cash settlement in one Business Day, shall be 
liquidated by cash settlement at a price equal to the daily Final Settlement Price for that day.  The daily Final 
Settlement Price shall be equal to the WM/Reuters Spot Rate at the specified fixing time for that day for the 
specific currency pair in question, rounded to the nearest integral multiple of the minimum price increment as 
identified per the Appendix to this Chapter. 
 
For select currency pairs as indicated in asterisked footnotes in the Appendix to this Chapter, the Final 
Settlement Price shall be calculated using appropriate WM/Reuters Spot Rates for component currency pairs, 
and the result shall be rounded to the nearest integral multiple of the minimum price increments (also, “minimum 
price fluctuations”) as identified per the Appendix to this Chapter.  For example, the Euro / British pound 
(EUR/GBP) Final Settlement Price shall be calculated by multiplying the Euro (EUR) / U.S. dollar (USD) Final 
Settlement Price in units of USD per EUR by the U.S. dollar (USD) / British pound (GBP) Final Settlement Price 
in units of GBP per USD and rounding the result to seven (7) decimal places. 
  
300A.02.B.           Procedures if No Cash Settlement Price is Available 
 
In the event that the Final Settlement Price for a valid value date for cash settlement cannot be published on a 
given day by WM/Reuters, and in order to minimize basis risk, the Final Settlement Price shall be determined as 
the next available WM/Reuters Spot Rate for the specific currency pair in question. 
 
300A.02.C.          Amendments to Timings 
The Exchange may amend the timings of notifications, deliveries, and transfers under this Rule 300A.02 to 
reflect as appropriate the adoption of daylight savings time in the relevant countries of delivery. 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 3 
300A.03. EXERCISE AND CASH SETTLEMENT AMOUNT 
 
The option style for each WMR Option Contract shall be European. 
 
300A.03.A.             Exercise 
 
All in-the-money options are automatically exercised by the Clearing House on the day of expiration for the 
options.  All out-of-the-money options are abandoned by the Clearing House on the day of expiration for the 
option.  An option is in-the-money if the WM/Reuters Spot Rate lies above the exercise price in the case of a call, 
or lies below the exercise price in the case of a put.  
 
300A.03.B.              Cash Settlement Amount 
 
All open positions for that valid value date for cash settlement will be cash settled in the minimum fluctuation 
currency based upon the difference between the WM/Reuters Spot Price for the valid value date for cash 
settlement and the original exercise price as submitted for clearing, times the notional value of the transaction in 
the clearing unit currency.    
 
In the event this final payment is positive from the buyer’s perspective, then the Clearing House shall debit the 
seller’s clearing member account and credit the buyer’s clearing member account for this final payment amount.  
 
300A.04. DISPUTES 
 
All disputes between interested parties may be settled by arbitration as provided in the Rules.  
 
(End Chapter 300A) 
 
Appendix to Chapter 300A: Contract Specifications 
 
Currency 
Pairing 
Unit of Trading and 
Clearing 
Precision 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
Contract 
Equivalent 
Fixing Time 
GBP/USD 
1 GBP 
0.01 GBP 
0.000001 USD/GBP 
62,500 GBP 
10:00 am New York time 
USD/CAD 
1 USD 
0.01 USD 
0.000001 CAD/USD 
100,000 CAD 
10:00 am New York time 
USD/JPY 
1 USD 
0.01 USD 
0.0001 JPY/USD 
12,500,000 JPY 10:00 am New York time 
USD/CHF** 
1 USD 
0.01 USD 
0.000001 CHF/USD 
125,000 CHF 
10:00 am New York time 
AUD/USD 
1 AUD 
0.01 AUD 
0.000001 USD/AUD 
100,000 AUD 
10:00 am New York time 
EUR/USD 
1 EUR 
0.01 EUR 
0.000001 USD/EUR 
125,000 EUR 
10:00 am New York time 
EUR/GBP** 
1 EUR 
0.01 EUR 
0.0000001 GBP/EUR 
125,000 EUR 
10:00 am New York time 
 
**As specified in CME Rule 300A.02.A. for select currency pairs and as indicated in the Appendix to this Chapter 
above, the Final Settlement Price shall be calculated using appropriate WM/Reuters Spot Rates for component 
currency pairs, and the result shall be rounded to the nearest integral multiple of the minimum price increments 
(also, “minimum price fluctuations”) identified for that select currency pair in the Appendix to this Chapter above. 
 
NOTES 
AUD = Australian Dollar 
CAD = Canadian Dollar 
CHF = Swiss Franc 
EUR = Euro 
GBP = British Pound 
JPY = Japanese Yen 
USD = U.S. Dollar 
 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 301 
Euro/British Pound Sterling (EUR/GBP) Cross Rate Futures 
30100. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Euro/British pound sterling cross rate futures.  In addition to 
this chapter, Euro/British pound sterling cross rate futures shall be subject to the general rules and 
regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
30101. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
30101.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
30101.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 125,000 Euro. 
30101.C. 
Quote Basis 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in terms of British pounds sterling per Euro, significant to five 
decimal places, e.g., 0.66285. 
30101.D. 
Price Increments 
For trades executed on CME Globex electronic trading platform, minimum price fluctuations shall 
be in multiples of .00005 British pounds sterling per Euro, equivalent to 6.25 British pounds sterling 
per contract.  Trades may also occur in multiples of .000025 British pounds sterling per Euro for  
EUR/GBP futures intra-currency spreads executed as simultaneous transactions pursuant to Rule 
542.  For transactions submitted through CME ClearPort, the minimum price fluctuation shall be 
.00001 British pounds sterling per Euro. 
30101.E. 
[Reserved] 
30101.F. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
30101.G. 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
 30101.H. 
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate on the second Business Day immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the contract month.  If the foregoing date for termination is a bank holiday in 
Chicago or New York City, futures trading shall terminate on the next preceding Business Day 
common to Chicago and New York City banks and the Exchange. 
30101.I. 
[Reserved] 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
30102. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
30102.A. 
Physical Delivery 
1. 
Procedures 
In addition to the procedures and requirements contained in this chapter, physical delivery 
procedures shall be governed by the rules set forth in Chapter 7. 
Euro/British pound sterling cross rate futures traded pursuant to Chapter 301 shall be delivered in 
banks designated by the Exchange at a final settlement price rounded to the nearest .000001 
British pounds sterling per Euro, commonly referred to as one-fifth of one tick, which is equivalent 
to 0.125 British pounds sterling per contract.  Buyers of the Euro/British pound sterling cross rate 
futures contract shall deliver the minimum-fluctuation currency (British pound sterling) and receive 
the trading-unit currency (Euro).  Sellers of the Euro/British pound sterling cross rate futures 
contract shall deliver the trading-unit currency (Euro) and receive the minimum-fluctuation currency 
(British pound sterling). 
2. 
Delivery Days 
Delivery shall be made on the third Wednesday of the contract month.  If that day is not a Business 
Day in both countries of delivery or is a bank holiday in either Chicago or New York City, then 
delivery shall be made on the next day which is a Business Day in both countries of delivery and is 
not a bank holiday in Chicago or New York City. 
30103. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 301) 
 


 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 1 of 2 
 
Chapter 301A 
Options on Euro/British Pound Sterling (EUR/GBP) Cross Rate Futures 
 
301A00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to options on Euro/British pound sterling cross rate futures.  In 
addition to this chapter, options on Euro/British pound sterling cross rate futures shall be subject to the 
general rules and regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate 
Chicago time. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate 
Chicago time. 
Options contracts covered by this chapter may also be referred to as: 
EUR/GBP Monthly Options 
EUR/GBP Weekly Friday Options 
301A01. 
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS 
301A01.A 
 
Contract Months, Trading Hours, and Trading Halts 
Options contracts shall be listed for such contract months (i.e., expirations) and scheduled for trading 
during such hours, except as indicated below, as may be determined by the Exchange. 
301A01.B. 
 
Trading Unit 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy, in the case of the call, or to sell, in the case of the put, one 
Euro/British pound sterling cross rate futures contract as specified in Chapter 301. 
301A01.C. 
 
Price Increments 
The price of an option shall be quoted in terms of British pounds sterling per Euro.  Each .00005 British 
pound sterling per Euro (.5 point) shall represent 6.25 British pounds sterling.  For example, a quote of 
0.0070 represents an option price of 875 British pounds sterling (70 points x 6.25 British pounds sterling 
per .5 point).  The minimum fluctuation shall be .5 point (also known as one tick).  A trade may also occur 
at a price of .000025 (3.125 British pounds sterling, also known as one-half tick), whether or not it results 
in the liquidation of positions for both parties to the trade. 
301A01.D. 
 
Underlying Futures Contract  
The underlying futures contract is the nearest futures contract in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., March, 
June, September and December) whose termination of trading follows the option's last day of trading by 
more than two Exchange Business Days. 
301A01.E. 
 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set forth 
in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to the 
Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions 
from the specified position limits. 
301A01.F. 
 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation limits 
as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
301A01.G. 
 
[Reserved] 
301A01.H. 
 
Termination of Trading and Expiration Days for Options  
1. 
Monthly Options in the March Quarterly Cycle ("Quarterly Options") 
Trading in monthly options in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., March, June, September and December) 


 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 2 of 2 
 
shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on the second Friday immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the contract month.  If the foregoing date for termination is an Exchange holiday, trading 
in monthly options shall terminate on the immediately preceding Business Day. 
2. 
Monthly Options Not in the March Quarterly Cycle ("Serial Options") 
Trading in monthly options not in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., January, February, April, May, July, 
August, October and November) shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on the second Friday 
immediately preceding the third Wednesday of the contract month.  If the foregoing date for termination 
is an Exchange holiday, trading in monthly options shall terminate on the immediately preceding Business 
Day. 
3. 
Weekly Friday Options 
Trading in weekly Friday options shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on those Fridays that are not 
also the termination of trading of a monthly option as described in the preceding paragraphs 1 and 2.  If 
the foregoing date for termination is an Exchange holiday, trading in weekly Friday options shall terminate 
on the immediately preceding Business Day. 
301A01.I. 
 
Exercise Prices and Listing of Exercise Prices 
Transactions and exercise of options shall be conducted for options contracts as set forth in the Strike 
Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table. 
The Exchange may modify the provisions governing the establishment of exercise prices as it deems 
appropriate. 
301A02. 
EXERCISE AND ASSIGNMENT 
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to the 
exercise of option contracts on Euro/British pound sterling cross rate futures.  All options on Euro/British 
pound sterling cross rate futures are European-style exercise only.  Early option exercise prior to the 
option expiration day is not permitted.  Contrary option exercise instructions are also not allowed. 
301A03.A. 
 
Exercise of Option by Buyer 
All in-the-money options are automatically exercised by the Clearing House on the day of expiration for 
the option.  All out-of-the-money options are abandoned by the Clearing House on the day of expiration 
for the option. To determine whether an option is in or out of the money on this day, the Exchange shall 
calculate the relevant “CME currency fixing price”.  This shall be determined by taking the fixing price for 
EUR/USD futures (as described in Chapter 261A) and dividing by the fixing price for the GBP/USD futures 
(as described in Chapter 251A). 
An option is in-the-money if the fixing price of the underlying futures contract at termination lies above or 
is equal to the exercise price in the case of a call, or lies below the exercise price in the case of a put. 
301A03.B. 
 
Assignment 
Exercise notices accepted by the Clearing House shall be assigned through a process of random 
selection to clearing members with open short positions in the same series.  A clearing member to which 
an exercise notice is assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as practicable after such notice is assigned 
by the Clearing House, but not later than 45 minutes before the opening of Regular Trading Hours in the 
underlying futures contract on the following business day. 
The clearing member assigned an exercise notice shall be assigned a short position in the underlying 
futures contract if a call is exercised or a long position if a put is exercised.  The clearing member 
representing the option buyer shall be assigned a long position in the underlying futures contract if a call 
is exercised and a short position if a put is exercised. 
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of the option and shall 
be marked to market in accordance with Rule 814 on the trading day of acceptance by the Clearing House 
of the exercise notice. 
301A03. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 301A) 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 302 
Euro/Canadian Dollar (EUR/CAD) Cross Rate Futures 
30200. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Euro/Canadian dollar cross rate futures.  In addition to this 
chapter, Euro/Canadian dollar cross rate futures shall be subject to the general rules and 
regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
30201. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
30201.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
30201.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 125,000 Euro. 
30201.C. 
Quote Basis 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in terms of Canadian dollars per Euro, significant to four decimal 
places, e.g., 1.6093. 
30201.D. 
Price Increments 
For trades executed on CME Globex electronic trading platform, minimum price fluctuations shall 
be in multiples of .0001 Canadian dollars per Euro, equivalent to 12.5 Canadian dollars per 
contract.  Trades may also occur in multiples of .00005 Canadian dollars per Euro, commonly 
referred to as one-half tick, for EUR/CAD futures intra-currency spreads executed as simultaneous 
transactions pursuant to Rule 542.  For transactions submitted through CME ClearPort, the 
minimum price fluctuation shall be .00001 Canadian dollars per Euro.  
30201.E. 
[Reserved] 
30201.F. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels  
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
30201.G. 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
 30201.H. 
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate on the second Business Day immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the contract month.  If the foregoing date for termination is a bank holiday in 
Chicago or New York City, futures trading shall terminate on the next preceding Business Day 
common to Chicago and New York City banks and the Exchange. 
30201.I. 
[Reserved] 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
30202. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
30202.A. 
Physical Delivery 
1. 
Procedures 
In addition to the procedures and requirements contained in this chapter, physical delivery 
procedures shall be governed by the rules set forth in Chapter 7. 
Euro/Canadian dollar cross rate futures traded pursuant to Chapter 302 shall be delivered in banks 
designated by the Exchange.  Buyers of the Euro/Canadian dollar cross rate futures contract shall 
deliver the minimum-fluctuation currency (Canadian dollar) and receive the trading-unit currency 
(Euro).  Sellers of the Euro/Canadian dollar cross rate futures contract shall deliver the trading-unit 
currency (Euro) and receive the minimum-fluctuation currency (Canadian dollar). 
2. 
Delivery Days 
Delivery shall be made on the third Wednesday of the contract month.  If that day is not a Business 
Day in both countries of delivery or is a bank holiday in either Chicago or New York City, then 
delivery shall be made on the next day which is a Business Day in both countries of delivery and is 
not a bank holiday in Chicago or New York City. 
30203. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 302) 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 303 
Euro/Japanese Yen (EUR/JPY) Cross Rate Futures 
30300. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Euro/Japanese yen cross rate futures.  In addition to this 
chapter, Euro/Japanese yen cross rate futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations 
of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
30301. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
30301.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
30301.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 125,000 Euro. 
30301.C. 
Quote Basis 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in terms of Japanese yen per Euro, significant to two decimal 
places, e.g., 139.26. 
30301.D. 
Price Increments 
For trades executed on CME Globex electronic trading platform, minimum price fluctuations shall 
be in multiples of .01 Japanese yen per Euro, equivalent to 1,250 Japanese yen per contract.   
Trades may also occur in multiples of .005 Japanese yen per Euro, commonly referred to as one 
half tick, for EUR/JPY futures intra-currency spreads executed as simultaneous transactions 
pursuant to Rule 542.  For transactions submitted through CME ClearPort, the minimum price 
fluctuation shall be .001 Japanese yen per Euro. 
30301.E. 
[Reserved] 
30301.F. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
30301.G. 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
30301.H. 
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate on the second Business Day immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the contract month.  If the foregoing date for termination is a bank holiday in 
Chicago or New York City, futures trading shall terminate on the next preceding Business Day 
common to Chicago and New York City banks and the Exchange. 
30301.I. 
[Reserved] 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
30302. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
30302.A. 
Physical Delivery 
1. 
Procedures 
In addition to the procedures and requirements contained in this chapter, physical delivery 
procedures shall be governed by the rules set forth in Chapter 7. 
Euro/Japanese yen cross rate futures traded pursuant to Chapter 303 shall be delivered in banks 
designated by the Exchange.  Buyers of the Euro/Japanese yen cross rate futures contract shall 
deliver the minimum-fluctuation currency (Japanese yen) and receive the trading-unit currency 
(Euro).  Sellers of the Euro/Japanese yen cross rate futures contract shall deliver the trading-unit 
currency (Euro) and receive the minimum-fluctuation currency (Japanese yen). 
2. 
Delivery Days 
Delivery shall be made on the third Wednesday of the contract month.  If that day is not a Business 
Day in both countries of delivery or is a bank holiday in either Chicago or New York City, then 
delivery shall be made on the next day which is a Business Day in both countries of delivery and is 
not a bank holiday in Chicago or New York City. 
30303. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 303) 
 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 1 of 2 
 
Chapter 303A 
Options on Euro/Japanese Yen (EUR/JPY) Cross Rate Futures 
 
303A00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to options on Euro/Japanese yen cross rate futures.  In addition to 
this chapter, options on Euro/Japanese yen cross rate futures shall be subject to the general rules and 
regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate 
Chicago time. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate 
Chicago time. 
Options contracts covered by this chapter may also be referred to as: 
EUR/JPY Monthly Options 
EUR/JPY Weekly Friday Options 
303A01. 
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS 
303A01.A 
 
Contract Months, Trading Hours, and Trading Halts  
Options contracts shall be listed for such contract months (i.e., expirations) and scheduled for trading 
during such hours, except as indicated below, as may be determined by the Exchange. 
303A01.B. 
 
Trading Unit 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy, in the case of the call, or to sell, in the case of the put, one 
Euro/Japanese yen cross rate futures contract as specified in Chapter 303. 
303A01.C. 
 
Price Increments 
The price of an option shall be quoted in terms of Japanese yen per Euro.  Each .01 Japanese yen per 
Euro (1 point) shall represent 1,250 Japanese yen.  For example, a quote of 0.70 represents an option 
price of 87,500 Japanese yen (70 points x 1,250 Japanese yen per 1 point).  The minimum fluctuation 
shall be one point (also known as one tick).  A trade may also occur at a price of .005 (625 Japanese yen, 
also known as one-half tick), .015 (1,875 Japanese yen, also known as one and one-half ticks), .025 
(3,125 Japanese yen, also known as two and one-half ticks), .035 (4,375 Japanese yen, also known as 
three and one-half ticks), and .045 (5,625 Japanese yen, also known as four and one-half ticks). 
303A01.D. 
 
Underlying Futures Contract  
The underlying futures contract is the nearest futures contract in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., March, 
June, September and December) whose termination of trading follows the option's last day of trading by 
more than two Exchange Business Days. 
303A01.E. 
 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set forth 
in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to the 
Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions 
from the specified position limits. 
303A01.F. 
 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation limits 
as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
303A01.G. 
 
[Reserved] 
303A01.H. 
 
Termination of Trading and Expiration Days for Options  
1. 
Monthly Options in the March Quarterly Cycle ("Quarterly Options") 
Trading in monthly options in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., March, June, September and December) 
shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on the second Friday immediately preceding the third 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 2 of 2 
 
Wednesday of the contract month.  If the foregoing date for termination is an Exchange holiday, trading 
in monthly options shall terminate on the immediately preceding Business Day. 
2. 
Monthly Options Not in the March Quarterly Cycle ("Serial Options") 
Trading in monthly options not in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., January, February, April, May, July, 
August, October and November) shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on the second Friday 
immediately preceding the third Wednesday of the contract month.  If the foregoing date for termination 
is an Exchange holiday, trading in monthly options shall terminate on the immediately preceding Business 
Day. 
3. 
Weekly Friday Options 
Trading in weekly Friday options shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on those Fridays that are not 
also the termination of trading of a monthly option as described in the preceding paragraphs 1 and 2.  If 
the foregoing date for termination is an Exchange holiday, trading in weekly Friday options shall terminate 
on the immediately preceding Business Day. 
303A01.I. 
 
Exercise Prices and Listing of Exercise Prices 
Transactions and exercise of options shall be conducted for options contracts as set forth in the Strike 
Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table. 
The Exchange may modify the provisions governing the establishment of exercise prices as it deems 
appropriate. 
303A02. 
RESERVED 
303A03. 
EXERCISE AND ASSIGNMENT 
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to the 
exercise of option contracts on Euro/Japanese yen cross rate futures.  All options on Euro/Japanese yen 
cross rate futures are European-style exercise only.  Early option exercise prior to the option expiration 
day is not permitted.  Contrary option exercise instructions are also not allowed. 
303A03.A. 
 
Exercise of Option by Buyer 
All in-the-money options are automatically exercised by the Clearing House on the day of expiration for 
the option.  All out-of-the-money options are abandoned by the Clearing House on the day of expiration 
for the option. To determine whether an option is in or out of the money on this day, the Exchange shall 
calculate the relevant “CME currency fixing price”.  This shall be determined by taking the fixing price for 
EUR/USD futures (as described in Chapter 261A) and dividing by the fixing price for the JPY/USD futures 
(as described in Chapter 253A). 
An option is in-the-money if the fixing price of the underlying futures contract at termination lies above or 
is equal to the exercise price in the case of a call, or lies below the exercise price in the case of a put. 
303A03.B. 
 
Assignment 
Exercise notices accepted by the Clearing House shall be assigned through a process of random 
selection to clearing members with open short positions in the same series.  A clearing member to which 
an exercise notice is assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as practicable after such notice is assigned 
by the Clearing House, but not later than 45 minutes before the opening of Regular Trading Hours in the 
underlying futures contract on the following Business Day. 
The clearing member assigned an exercise notice shall be assigned a short position in the underlying 
futures contract if a call is exercised or a long position if a put is exercised.  The clearing member 
representing the option buyer shall be assigned a long position in the underlying futures contract if a call 
is exercised and a short position if a put is exercised. 
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of the option and shall 
be marked to market in accordance with Rule 814 on the Trading Day of acceptance by the Clearing 
House of the exercise notice.  
 
303A04. 
[RESERVED] 
(End of Chapter 303A) 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 304 
Euro/Swiss Franc (EUR/ CHF) Cross Rate Futures 
30400. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Euro/Swiss franc cross rate futures.  In addition to this 
chapter, Euro/Swiss franc cross rate futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of 
the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
30401.  
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
 
30401.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
30401.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 125,000 Euro. 
30401.C. 
Quote Basis 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in terms of Swiss francs per Euro, significant to four decimal places, 
e.g., 1.5970. 
30401.D. 
Price Increments 
For trades executed on CME Globex electronic trading platform, minimum price fluctuations shall 
be in multiples of .0001 Swiss francs per Euro, equivalent to 12.5 Swiss francs per contract. Trades 
may also occur in multiples of .00005 Swiss francs per Euro, commonly referred to as one half tick, 
for EUR/CHF futures intra-currency spreads executed as simultaneous transactions pursuant to 
Rule 542. For transactions submitted through CME ClearPort, the minimum price fluctuation shall 
be .00001 Swiss francs per Euro. 
30401.E. 
[Reserved] 
30401.F. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
30401.G. 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
30401.H. 
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate on the second business day immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the contract month.  If the foregoing date for termination is a bank holiday in 
Chicago or New York City, futures trading shall terminate on the next preceding Business Day 
common to Chicago and New York City banks and the Exchange. 
30401.I. 
[Reserved] 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
30402. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
30402.A. 
Physical Delivery1 
1. 
Procedures 
In addition to the procedures and requirements contained in this chapter, physical delivery 
procedures shall be governed by the rules set forth in Chapter 7. 
Euro/Swiss franc cross rate futures traded pursuant to Chapter 304 shall be delivered in banks 
designated by the Exchange at a final settlement price rounded to the nearest .00001 Swiss francs 
per Euro, commonly referred to as one-tenth of one tick, which is equivalent to 1.25 Swiss francs 
per contract.  Buyers of the Euro/Swiss franc cross rate futures contract shall deliver the minimum-
fluctuation currency (Swiss franc) and receive the trading-unit currency (Euro).  Sellers of the 
Euro/Swiss franc cross rate futures contract shall deliver the trading-unit currency (Euro) and 
receive the minimum-fluctuation currency (Swiss franc). 
2. 
Delivery Days 
Delivery shall be made on the third Wednesday of the contract month.  If that day is not a Business 
Day in both countries of delivery or is a bank holiday in either Chicago or New York City, then 
delivery shall be made on the next day which is a Business Day in both countries of delivery and is 
not a bank holiday in Chicago or New York City. 
30402.B. 
[Reserved] 
30403. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 304) 
 
 
1 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 1 of 2 
 
Chapter 304A 
Options on Euro/Swiss Franc (EUR/CHF) Cross Rate Futures 
 
304A00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to options on Euro/Swiss franc cross rate futures.  In addition to this 
chapter, options on Euro/Swiss franc cross rate futures shall be subject to the general rules and 
regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate 
Chicago time. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate 
Chicago time. 
Options contracts covered by this chapter may also be referred to as: 
EUR/CHF Monthly Options 
EUR/CHF Weekly Friday Options 
304A01. 
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS 
304A01.A 
 
Contract Months, Trading Hours, and Trading Halts  
Options contracts shall be listed for such contract months (i.e., expirations) and scheduled for trading 
during such hours, except as indicated below, as may be determined by the Exchange. 
304A01.B. 
 
Trading Unit 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy, in the case of the call, or to sell, in the case of the put, one 
Euro/Swiss franc cross rate futures contract as specified in Chapter 304. 
304A01.C. 
 
Price Increments 
The price of an option shall be quoted in terms of Swiss francs per Euro.  Each .0001 Swiss franc per 
Euro (1 point) shall represent 12.5 Swiss francs.  For example, a quote of 0.0070 represents an option 
price of 875 Swiss francs (70 points x 12.5 Swiss francs per 1 point).  The minimum fluctuation shall be 
one point (also known as one tick).  A trade may also occur at a price of .00005 (6.25 Swiss francs, also 
known as one-half tick), .00015 (18.75 Swiss francs, also known as one and one-half ticks), .00025 (31.25 
Swiss francs, also known as two and one-half ticks), .00035 (43.75 Swiss francs, also known as three 
and one-half ticks), and .00045 (56.25 Swiss francs, also known as four and one-half ticks). 
304A01.D. 
 
Underlying Futures Contract  
The underlying futures contract is the nearest futures contract in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., March, 
June, September and December) whose termination of trading follows the option's last day of trading by 
more than two Exchange business days. 
304A01.E. 
 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set forth 
in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to the 
Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions 
from the specified position limits. 
304A01.F. 
 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation limits 
as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
304A01.G. 
 
[Reserved] 
304A01.H. 
 
Termination of Trading and Expiration Days for Options  
1. 
Monthly Options in the March Quarterly Cycle ("Quarterly Options") 
Trading in monthly options in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., March, June, September and December) 
shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on the second Friday immediately preceding the third 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 2 of 2 
 
Wednesday of the contract month.  If the foregoing date for termination is an Exchange holiday, trading 
in monthly options shall terminate on the immediately preceding Business Day. 
2. 
Monthly Options Not in the March Quarterly Cycle ("Serial Options") 
Trading in monthly options not in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., January, February, April, May, July, 
August, October and November) shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on the second Friday 
immediately preceding the third Wednesday of the contract month.  If the foregoing date for termination 
is an Exchange holiday, trading in monthly options shall terminate on the immediately preceding Business 
Day. 
3. 
Weekly Friday Options 
Trading in weekly Friday options shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on those Fridays that are not 
also the termination of trading of a monthly option as described in the preceding paragraphs 1 and 2.  If 
the foregoing date for termination is an Exchange holiday, trading in weekly Friday options shall terminate 
on the immediately preceding Business Day. 
304A01.I. 
 
Exercise Prices and Listing of Exercise Prices 
Transactions and exercise of options shall be conducted for options contracts as set forth in the Strike 
Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table. 
The Exchange may modify the provisions governing the establishment of exercise prices as it deems 
appropriate. 
304A02. 
RESERVED  
304A03. 
EXERCISE AND ASSIGNMENT 
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to the 
exercise of option contracts on Euro/Swiss franc cross rate futures.  All options on Euro/Swiss franc cross 
rate futures are European-style exercise only.  Early option exercise prior to the option expiration day is 
not permitted.  Contrary option exercise instructions are also not allowed. 
304A03.A. 
 
Exercise of Option by Buyer 
All in-the-money options are automatically exercised by the Clearing House on the day of expiration for 
the option.  All out-of-the-money options are abandoned by the Clearing House on the day of expiration 
for the option. To determine whether an option is in or out of the money on this day, the Exchange shall 
calculate the relevant “CME currency fixing price”.  This shall be determined by taking the fixing price for 
EUR/USD futures (as described in Chapter 261A) and dividing by the fixing price for the CHF/USD futures 
(as described in Chapter 254A). 
An option is in-the-money if the fixing price of the underlying futures contract at termination lies above or 
is equal to the exercise price in the case of a call, or lies below the exercise price in the case of a put. 
304A03.B. 
 
Assignment 
Exercise notices accepted by the Clearing House shall be assigned through a process of random 
selection to clearing members with open short positions in the same series.  A clearing member to which 
an exercise notice is assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as practicable after such notice is assigned 
by the Clearing House, but not later than 45 minutes before the opening of Regular Trading Hours in the 
underlying futures contract on the following Business Day. 
The clearing member assigned an exercise notice shall be assigned a short position in the underlying 
futures contract if a call is exercised or a long position if a put is exercised.  The clearing member 
representing the option buyer shall be assigned a long position in the underlying futures contract if a call 
is exercised and a short position if a put is exercised. 
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of the option and shall 
be marked to market in accordance with Rule 814 on the Trading Day of acceptance by the Clearing 
House of the exercise notice. 
304A04. 
[RESERVED] 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 305 
British Pound Sterling/Japanese Yen (GBP/JPY) Cross Rate Futures 
30500. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to British pound sterling/Japanese yen cross rate futures.  In 
addition to this chapter, British pound sterling/Japanese yen cross rate futures shall be subject to 
the general rules and regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
30501. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
30501.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
30501.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 125,000 British pounds sterling. 
30501.C. 
Quote Basis 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in terms of Japanese yen per British pound sterling, significant to 
two decimal places, e.g., 210.10. 
30501.D. 
Price Increments 
For trades executed on CME Globex electronic trading platform, minimum fluctuations shall be in 
multiples of .01 Japanese yen per British pound sterling, equivalent to 1,250 Japanese yen per 
contract.  Trades may also occur in multiples of .005 Japanese yen per British pound sterling, 
commonly referred to as one-half tick, for GBP/JPY futures intra-currency spreads executed as 
simultaneous transactions pursuant to Rule 542.  For transactions submitted through CME 
ClearPort, the minimum price fluctuation shall be .001 Japanese yen per British pound sterling. 
30501.E. 
[Reserved] 
30501.F. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
30501.G. 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
 30501.H. 
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate on the second Business Day immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the contract month.  If the foregoing date for termination is a bank holiday in 
Chicago or New York City, futures trading shall terminate on the next preceding Business Day 
common to Chicago and New York City banks and the Exchange. 
30501.I. 
[Reserved] 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
30502. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
30502.A. 
Physical Delivery 
1. 
Procedures 
In addition to the procedures and requirements contained in this chapter, physical delivery 
procedures shall be governed by the rules set forth in Chapter 7. 
British pound sterling/Japanese yen cross rate futures traded pursuant to Chapter 305 shall be 
delivered in the countries of issuance from banks designated by the Exchange.  Buyers of the 
British pound sterling/Japanese yen cross rate futures contract shall deliver the minimum-
fluctuation currency (Japanese yen) and receive the trading-unit currency (British pound).  Sellers 
of the British pound sterling/Japanese yen cross rate futures contract shall deliver the trading-unit 
currency (British pound) and receive the minimum-fluctuation currency (Japanese yen). 
2. 
Delivery Days 
Delivery shall be made on the third Wednesday of the contract month.  If that day is not a Business 
Day in both countries of delivery or is a bank holiday in either Chicago or New York City, then 
delivery shall be made on the next day which is a Business Day in both countries of delivery and is 
not a bank holiday in Chicago or New York City. 
30502.B. 
[Reserved] 
30503. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 305) 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 306 
British Pound Sterling/Swiss Franc (GBP/CHF) Cross Rate Futures 
30600. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to British pound sterling/Swiss franc cross rate futures.  In 
addition to this chapter, British pound sterling/Swiss franc cross rate futures shall be subject to the 
general rules and regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
30601. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
30601.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
30601.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 125,000 British pounds sterling. 
30601.C. 
Quote Basis 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in terms of Swiss francs per British pound sterling, significant to 
four decimal places, e.g., 2.4093. 
30601.D. 
Price Increments 
For trades executed on CME Globex electronic trading platform, minimum price fluctuations shall 
be in multiples of .0001 Swiss francs per British pound sterling, equivalent to 12.5 Swiss franc per 
contract.  Trades may also occur in multiples of .00005 Swiss francs per British pound sterling, 
commonly referred to as one-half tick, for GBP/CHF futures intra-currency spreads executed as 
simultaneous transactions pursuant to Rule 542.  For transactions submitted through CME 
ClearPort, the minimum price fluctuation shall be .00001 Swiss francs per British pound sterling. 
30601.E. 
[Reserved] 
30601.F. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
30601.G. 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
30601.H. 
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate on the second Business Day immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the contract month.  If the foregoing date for termination is a bank holiday in 
Chicago or New York City, futures trading shall terminate on the next preceding Business Day 
common to Chicago and New York City banks and the Exchange. 
30601.I. 
[Reserved] 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
30602. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
30602.A. 
Physical Delivery 
1. 
Procedures 
In addition to the procedures and requirements contained in this chapter, physical delivery 
procedures shall be governed by the rules set forth in Chapter 7. 
 
British pound sterling/Swiss franc cross rate futures traded pursuant to Chapter 306 shall be 
delivered in the countries of issuance from banks designated by the Exchange at a final settlement 
price rounded to the nearest .00001 Swiss francs per British pound sterling, commonly referred to 
as one-tenth of one tick, which is equivalent to 1.25 Swiss francs per contract.  Buyers of the British 
pound sterling/Swiss franc cross rate futures contract shall deliver the minimum-fluctuation 
currency (Swiss franc) and receive the trading-unit currency (British pound).  Sellers of the British 
pound sterling/Swiss franc cross rate futures contract shall deliver the trading-unit currency (British 
pound) and receive the minimum-fluctuation currency (Swiss franc). 
2. 
Delivery Days 
Delivery shall be made on the third Wednesday of the contract month.  If that day is not a Business 
Day in both countries of delivery or is a bank holiday in either Chicago or New York City, then 
delivery shall be made on the next day which is a Business Day in both countries of delivery and is 
not a bank holiday in Chicago or New York City. 
30602.B. 
[Reserved] 
30603. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 306) 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 307 
Swiss Franc/Japanese Yen (CHF/JPY) Cross Rate Futures 
30700. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Swiss franc/Japanese yen cross rate futures.  In addition to 
this chapter, Swiss franc/Japanese yen cross rate futures shall be subject to the general rules and 
regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
30701. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
30701.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
30701.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 250,000 Swiss francs. 
30701.C. 
Quote Basis 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in terms of Japanese yen per Swiss franc, significant to three 
decimal places, e.g., 87.205. 
30701.D. 
Price Increments 
For trades executed on CME Globex electronic trading platform, minimum price fluctuations shall 
be in multiples of .005 Japanese yen per Swiss franc, equivalent to 1,250 Japanese yen per 
contract.  Trades may also occur in multiples of .0025 Japanese yen per Swiss franc, commonly 
referred to as one-half tick, for CHF/JPY futures intra-currency spreads executed as simultaneous 
transactions pursuant to Rule 542.  For transactions submitted through CME ClearPort, the 
minimum price fluctuation shall be .001 Japanese yen per Swiss franc. 
30701.E. 
[Reserved] 
30701.F. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
30701.G. 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
30701.H. 
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate on the second Business Day immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the contract month.  If the foregoing date for termination is a bank holiday in 
Chicago or New York City, futures trading shall terminate on the next preceding Business Day 
common to Chicago and New York City banks and the Exchange. 
30701.I. 
[Reserved] 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
30702. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
30702.A. 
Physical Delivery 
1. 
Procedures 
In addition to the procedures and requirements contained in this chapter, physical delivery 
procedures shall be governed by the rules set forth in Chapter 7. 
Swiss franc/Japanese yen cross rate futures traded pursuant to Chapter 307 shall be delivered in 
the countries of issuance from banks designated by the Exchange.  Buyers of the Swiss 
franc/Japanese yen cross rate futures contract shall deliver the minimum-fluctuation currency 
(Japanese yen) and receive the trading-unit currency (Swiss franc).  Sellers of the Swiss 
franc/Japanese yen cross rate futures contract shall deliver the trading-unit currency (Swiss franc) 
and receive the minimum-fluctuation currency (Japanese yen). 
2. 
Delivery Days 
Delivery shall be made on the third Wednesday of the contract month.  If that day is not a Business 
Day in both countries of delivery or is a bank holiday in either Chicago or New York City, then 
delivery shall be made on the next day which is a Business Day in both countries of delivery and is 
not a bank holiday in Chicago or New York City. 
30702.B. 
[Reserved] 
30703. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 307) 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 308 
Australian Dollar/Canadian Dollar (AUD/CAD) Cross Rate Futures 
30800. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Australian dollar/Canadian dollar cross rate futures.  In 
addition to this chapter, Australian dollar/Canadian dollar cross rate futures shall be subject to the 
general rules and regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
30801. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
30801.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
30801.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 200,000 Australian dollars. 
30801.C. 
Quote Basis 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in terms of Canadian dollars per Australian dollar, significant to four 
decimal places, e.g., 0.8269. 
30801.D. 
Price Increments 
For trades executed on CME Globex electronic trading platform, minimum price fluctuations shall 
be in multiples of .0001 Canadian dollars per Australian dollar, equivalent to 20 Canadian dollars 
per contract.  Trades may also occur in multiples of .00005 Canadian dollars per Australian dollar, 
commonly referred to as one-half tick, for AUD/CAD futures intra-currency spreads executed as 
simultaneous transactions pursuant to Rule 542.  For transactions submitted through CME 
ClearPort, the minimum price fluctuation shall be .00001 Canadian dollars per Australian dollar. 
30801.E. 
[Reserved] 
30801.F. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
30801.G. 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
30801.H. 
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate on the second Business Day immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the contract month.  If the foregoing date for termination is a bank holiday in 
Chicago or New York City, futures trading shall terminate on the next preceding Business Day 
common to Chicago and New York City banks and the Exchange. 
30801.I. 
[Reserved] 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
30802. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
30802.A. 
Physical Delivery 
1. 
Procedures 
In addition to the procedures and requirements contained in this chapter, physical delivery 
procedures shall be governed by the rules set forth in Chapter 7. 
Australian dollar/Canadian dollar cross rate futures traded pursuant to Chapter 308 shall be 
delivered in banks designated by the Exchange.  Buyers of the Australian dollar/Canadian dollar 
cross rate futures contract shall deliver the minimum-fluctuation currency (Canadian dollar) and 
receive the trading-unit currency (Australian dollar).  Sellers of the Australian dollar/Canadian dollar 
cross rate futures contract shall deliver the trading-unit currency (Australian dollar) and receive the 
minimum-fluctuation currency (Canadian dollar). 
2. 
Delivery Days 
Delivery shall be made on the third Wednesday of the contract month.  If that day is not a Business 
Day in both countries of delivery or is a bank holiday in either Chicago or New York City, then 
delivery shall be made on the next day which is a Business Day in both countries of delivery and is 
not a bank holiday in Chicago or New York City. 
30802.B. 
[Reserved] 
30803. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 308) 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 309 
Australian Dollar/Japanese Yen (AUD/JPY) Cross Rate Futures 
30900. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Australian dollar/Japanese yen cross rate futures.  In 
addition to this chapter, Australian dollar/Japanese yen cross rate futures shall be subject to the 
general rules and regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
30901.  
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
 
30901.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
30901.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 200,000 Australian dollars. 
30901.C. 
Quote Basis 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in terms of Japanese yen per Australian dollar, significant to two 
decimal places, e.g., 67.88. 
30901.D. 
Price Increments 
For trades executed on CME Globex electronic trading platform, minimum price fluctuations shall 
be in multiples of .01 Japanese yen per Australian dollar, equivalent to 2,000 Japanese yen per 
contract.  Trades may also occur in multiples of .005 Japanese yen per Australian dollar, commonly 
referred to as one-half tick, for AUD/JPY futures intra-currency spreads executed as simultaneous 
transactions pursuant to Rule 542.  For transactions submitted through CME ClearPort, the 
minimum price fluctuation shall be .001 Japanese yen per Australian dollar. 
30901.E. 
[Reserved] 
30901.F. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
30901.G. 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
30901.H. 
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate on the second Business Day immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the contract month.  If the foregoing date for termination is a bank holiday in 
Chicago or New York City, futures trading shall terminate on the next preceding Business Day 
common to Chicago and New York City banks and the Exchange. 
30901.I. 
[Reserved] 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
30902. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
30902.A. 
Physical Delivery 
1. 
Procedures 
In addition to the procedures and requirements contained in this chapter, physical delivery 
procedures shall be governed by the rules set forth in Chapter 7. 
Australian dollar/Japanese yen cross rate futures traded pursuant to Chapter 309 shall be delivered 
in banks designated by the Exchange.  Buyers of the Australian dollar/Japanese yen cross rate 
futures contract shall deliver the minimum-fluctuation currency (Japanese yen) and receive the 
trading-unit currency (Australian dollar).  Sellers of the Australian dollar/Japanese yen cross rate 
futures contract shall deliver the trading-unit currency (Australian dollar) and receive the minimum-
fluctuation currency (Japanese yen). 
2. 
Delivery Days 
Delivery shall be made on the third Wednesday of the contract month.  If that day is not a Business 
Day in both countries of delivery or is a bank holiday in either Chicago or New York City, then 
delivery shall be made on the next day which is a Business Day in both countries of delivery and is 
not a bank holiday in Chicago or New York City. 
30902.B. 
[Reserved] 
30903. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 309) 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 310 
Australian Dollar/New Zealand Dollar (AUD/NZD) Cross Rate Futures 
31000. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Australian dollar/New Zealand dollar cross rate futures.  In 
addition to this chapter, Australian dollar/New Zealand dollar cross rate futures shall be subject to 
the general rules and regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
31001. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
31001.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
31001.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 200,000 Australian dollars. 
31001.C. 
Quote Basis 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in terms of New Zealand dollars per Australian dollar, significant to 
four decimal places, e.g., 1.2072. 
31001.D. 
Price Increments 
For trades executed on CME Globex electronic trading platform, minimum price fluctuations shall 
be in multiples of .0001 New Zealand dollars per Australian dollar, equivalent to 20 New Zealand 
dollars per contract.  Trades may also occur in multiples of .00005 New Zealand dollars per 
Australian dollar, commonly referred to as one-half tick, for AUD/NZD futures intra-currency 
spreads executed as simultaneous transactions pursuant to Rule 542.  For transactions submitted 
through CME ClearPort, the minimum price fluctuation shall be .00001 New Zealand dollars per 
Australian dollar. 
31001.E. 
[Reserved] 
31001.F. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
31001.G. 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
31001.H. 
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate on the second Business Day immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the contract month.  If the foregoing date for termination is a bank holiday in 
Chicago or New York City, futures trading shall terminate on the next preceding Business Day 
common to Chicago and New York City banks and the Exchange. 
31001.I. 
[Reserved] 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
31002. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
31002.A. 
Physical Delivery 
1. 
Procedures 
In addition to the procedures and requirements contained in this chapter, physical delivery 
procedures shall be governed by the rules set forth in Chapter 7. 
Australian dollar/New Zealand dollar cross rate futures traded pursuant to Chapter 310 shall be 
delivered in banks designated by the Exchange.  Buyers of the Australian dollar/New Zealand 
dollar cross rate futures contract shall deliver the minimum-fluctuation currency (New Zealand 
dollar) and receive the trading-unit currency (Australian dollar).  Sellers of the Australian dollar/New 
Zealand dollar cross rate futures contract shall deliver the trading-unit currency (Australian dollar) 
and receive the minimum-fluctuation currency (New Zealand dollar). 
2. 
Delivery Days 
Delivery shall be made on the third Wednesday of the contract month.  If that day is not a Business 
Day in both countries of delivery or is a bank holiday in either Chicago or New York City, then 
delivery shall be made on the next day which is a Business Day in both countries of delivery and is 
not a bank holiday in Chicago or New York City. 
31002.B. 
[Reserved] 
31003. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 310) 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 311 
Canadian Dollar/Japanese Yen (CAD/JPY) Cross Rate Futures 
31100. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Canadian dollar/Japanese yen cross rate futures.  In 
addition to this chapter, Canadian dollar/Japanese yen cross rate futures shall be subject to the 
general rules and regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
31101. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
31101.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
31101.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 200,000 Canadian dollars. 
31101.C. 
Quote Basis 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in terms of Japanese yen per Canadian dollar, significant to two 
decimal places, e.g., 81.18. 
31101.D. 
Price Increments 
For trades executed on CME Globex electronic trading platform, minimum price fluctuations shall 
be in multiples of .01 Japanese yen per Canadian dollar, equivalent to 2,000 Japanese yen per 
contract.  Trades may also occur in multiples of .005 Japanese yen per Canadian dollar, commonly 
referred to as one-half tick, for CAD/JPY futures intra-currency spreads executed as simultaneous 
transactions pursuant to Rule 542.  For transactions submitted through CME ClearPort, the 
minimum price fluctuation shall be .001 Japanese yen per Canadian dollar. 
31101.E. 
[Reserved] 
31101.F. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
31101.G. 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
31101.H. 
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate on the second Business Day immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the contract month.  If the foregoing date for termination is a bank holiday in 
Chicago or New York City, futures trading shall terminate on the next preceding Business Day 
common to Chicago and New York City banks and the Exchange. 
31101.I. 
[Reserved] 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
31102. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
31102.A. 
Physical Delivery 
1. 
Procedures 
In addition to the procedures and requirements contained in this chapter, physical delivery 
procedures shall be governed by the rules set forth in Chapter 7. 
Canadian dollar/Japanese yen cross rate futures traded pursuant to Chapter 311 shall be delivered 
in banks designated by the Exchange.  Buyers of the Canadian dollar/Japanese yen cross rate 
futures contract shall deliver the minimum-fluctuation currency (Japanese yen) and receive the 
trading-unit currency (Canadian dollar).  Sellers of the Canadian dollar/Japanese yen cross rate 
futures contract shall deliver the trading-unit currency (Canadian dollar) and receive the minimum-
fluctuation currency (Japanese yen). 
2. 
Delivery Days 
Delivery shall be made on the third Wednesday of the contract month.  If that day is not a Business 
Day in both countries of delivery or is a bank holiday in either Chicago or New York City, then 
delivery shall be made on the next day which is a Business Day in both countries of delivery and is 
not a bank holiday in Chicago or New York City. 
31102.B. 
[Reserved] 
31103. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 311) 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 312 
Euro/Australian Dollar (EUR/ AUD) Cross Rate Futures 
31200. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Euro/Australian dollar cross rate futures.  In addition to this 
chapter, Euro/Australian dollar cross rate futures shall be subject to the general rules and 
regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
31201. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
31201.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
31201.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 125,000 Euro. 
31201.C. 
Quote Basis 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in terms of Australian dollars per Euro, significant to four decimal 
places, e.g., 1.7302. 
31201.D. 
Price Increments 
For trades executed on CME Globex electronic trading platform, minimum price fluctuations shall 
be in multiples of .0001 Australian dollars per Euro, equivalent to 12.5 Australian dollars per 
contract.  Trades may also occur in multiples of .00005 Australian dollars per Euro, commonly 
referred to as one-half tick, for EUR/AUD futures intra-currency spreads executed as simultaneous 
transactions pursuant to Rule 542.  For transactions submitted through CME ClearPort, the 
minimum price fluctuation shall be .00001 Australian dollars per Euro. 
31201.E. 
[Reserved] 
31201.F. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
31201.G. 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
31201.H. 
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate on the second Business Day immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the contract month.  If the foregoing date for termination is a bank holiday in 
Chicago or New York City, futures trading shall terminate on the next preceding Business Day 
common to Chicago and New York City banks and the Exchange. 
31201.I. 
[Reserved] 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
31202. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
31202.A. 
Physical Delivery 
1. 
Procedures 
In addition to the procedures and requirements contained in this chapter, physical delivery 
procedures shall be governed by the rules set forth in Chapter 7. 
Euro/Australian dollar cross rate futures traded pursuant to Chapter 312 shall be delivered in banks 
designated by the Exchange.  Buyers of the Euro/Australian dollar cross rate futures contract shall 
deliver the minimum-fluctuation currency (Australian dollar) and receive the trading-unit currency 
(Euro).  Sellers of the Euro/Australian dollar cross rate futures contract shall deliver the trading-unit 
currency (Euro) and receive the minimum-fluctuation currency (Australian dollar). 
2. 
Delivery Days 
Delivery shall be made on the third Wednesday of the contract month.  If that day is not a Business 
Day in both countries of delivery or is a bank holiday in either Chicago or New York City, then 
delivery shall be made on the next day which is a Business Day in both countries of delivery and is 
not a bank holiday in Chicago or New York City. 
31202.B. 
[Reserved] 
31203. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 312) 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 313 
Euro/Norwegian Krone (EUR/ NOK) Cross Rate Futures 
31300. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Euro/Norwegian krone cross rate futures.  In addition to this 
chapter, Euro/Norwegian krone cross rate futures shall be subject to the general rules and 
regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
31301. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
31301.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
31301.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 125,000 Euro. 
31301.C. 
Quote Basis 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in terms of Norwegian krone per Euro, significant to four decimal 
places, e.g., 7.9845. 
31301.D. 
Price Increments 
For trades executed on CME Globex electronic trading platform, minimum price fluctuations shall 
be in multiples of .0005 Norwegian krone per Euro, equivalent to 62.5 Norwegian krone per 
contract.  Trades may also occur in multiples of .00025 Norwegian krone per Euro, commonly 
referred to as one-half tick, for EUR/NOK futures intra-currency spreads executed as simultaneous 
transactions pursuant to Rule 542.  For transactions submitted through CME ClearPort, the 
minimum price fluctuation shall be .0001 Norwegian krone per Euro. 
31301.E. 
[Reserved] 
31301.F. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
31301.G. 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
31301.H. 
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate on the second Business Day immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the contract month.  If the foregoing date for termination is a bank holiday in 
Chicago or New York City, futures trading shall terminate on the next preceding Business Day 
common to Chicago and New York City banks and the Exchange. 
31301.I. 
[Reserved] 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
31302. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
31302.A. 
Physical Delivery 
1. 
Procedures 
In addition to the procedures and requirements contained in this chapter, physical delivery 
procedures shall be governed by the rules set forth in Chapter 7. 
Euro/Norwegian krone cross rate futures traded pursuant to Chapter 313 shall be delivered in 
banks designated by the Exchange.  Buyers of the Euro/Norwegian krone cross rate futures 
contract shall deliver the minimum-fluctuation currency (Norwegian krone) and receive the trading-
unit currency (Euro).  Sellers of the Euro/Norwegian krone cross rate futures contract shall deliver 
the trading-unit currency (Euro) and receive the minimum-fluctuation currency (Norwegian krone). 
2. 
Delivery Days 
Delivery shall be made on the third Wednesday of the contract month.  If that day is not a Business 
Day in both countries of delivery or is a bank holiday in either Chicago or New York City, then 
delivery shall be made on the next day which is a Business Day in both countries of delivery and is 
not a bank holiday in Chicago or New York City. 
31302.B. 
[Reserved] 
31303. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 313) 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 314 
Euro/Swedish Krona (EUR/SEK) Cross Rate Futures 
31400. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Euro/Swedish krona cross rate futures.  In addition to this 
chapter, Euro/Swedish krona cross rate futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations 
of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
31401. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
31401.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
31401.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 125,000 Euro. 
31401.C. 
Quote Basis 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in terms of Swedish krona per Euro, significant to four decimal 
places, e.g., 9.2305. 
31401.D. 
Price Increments 
For trades executed on CME Globex electronic trading platform, minimum price fluctuations shall 
be in multiples of .0005 Swedish krona per Euro, equivalent to 62.5 Swedish krona per contract.  
Trades may also occur in multiples of .00025 Swedish krona per Euro, commonly referred to as 
one-half tick, for EUR/SEK futures intra-currency spreads executed as simultaneous transactions 
pursuant to Rule 542.  For transactions submitted through CME ClearPort, the minimum price 
fluctuation shall be .0001 Swedish krona per Euro. 
31401.E. 
[Reserved] 
31401.F. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
31401.G. 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
31401.H. 
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate on the second Business Day immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the contract month.  If the foregoing date for termination is a bank holiday in 
Chicago or New York City, futures trading shall terminate on the next preceding Business Day 
common to Chicago and New York City banks and the Exchange. 
31401.I. 
[Reserved] 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
31402. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
31402.A. 
Physical Delivery 
1. 
Procedures 
In addition to the procedures and requirements contained in this chapter, physical delivery 
procedures shall be governed by the rules set forth in Chapter 7. 
Euro/Swedish krona cross rate futures traded pursuant to Chapter 314 shall be delivered in banks 
designated by the Exchange.  Buyers of the Euro/Swedish krona cross rate futures contract shall 
deliver the minimum-fluctuation currency (Swedish krona) and receive the trading-unit currency 
(Euro).  Sellers of the Euro/Swedish krona cross rate futures contract shall deliver the trading-unit 
currency (Euro) and receive the minimum-fluctuation currency (Swedish krona). 
2. 
Delivery Days 
Delivery shall be made on the third Wednesday of the contract month.  If that day is not a Business 
Day in both countries of delivery or is a bank holiday in either Chicago or New York City, then 
delivery shall be made on the next day which is a Business Day in both countries of delivery and is 
not a bank holiday in Chicago or New York City. 
31402.B. 
[Reserved] 
31403. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 314) 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 315 
Czech Koruna/Euro (CZK/EUR) Cross Rate Futures 
31500. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Czech koruna/Euro cross rate futures.  In addition to this 
chapter, Czech koruna/Euro cross rate futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations 
of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
31501. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
31501.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
31501.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 4,000,000 Czech korunas. 
31501.C. 
Quote Basis 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in terms of Euro per Czech koruna, significant to six decimal 
places, e.g., .030882 Euro per Czech koruna. 
31501.D. 
Price Increments 
For trades executed on CME Globex electronic trading platform, minimum price fluctuations shall 
be in multiples of .000002 Euro per Czech koruna, equivalent to 8 Euro per contract. Trades may 
also occur in multiples of .000001 Euro per Czech koruna, commonly referred to as one-half tick, 
for CZK/EUR futures intra-currency spreads executed as simultaneous transactions pursuant to 
Rule 542. For transactions submitted through CME ClearPort, the minimum price fluctuation shall 
be .000001 Euro per Czech koruna. 
31501.E. 
[Reserved] 
31501.F. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
31501.G. 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
31501.H. 
[Reserved]  
31501.I. 
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate on the second Business Day immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the contract month.  If the foregoing date for termination is a bank holiday in 
Chicago or New York City, futures trading shall terminate on the next preceding Business Day 
common to Chicago and New York City banks and the Exchange. 
31501.J. 
[Reserved] 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
31502. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
31502.A. 
Physical Delivery 
1. 
Procedures 
In addition to the procedures and requirements contained in this chapter, physical delivery 
procedures shall be governed by the rules set forth in Chapter 7. 
Czech koruna/Euro cross rate futures traded pursuant to Chapter 315 shall be delivered in banks 
designated by the Exchange.  Buyers of the Czech koruna/Euro cross rate futures contract shall 
deliver the minimum-fluctuation currency (Euro) and receive the trading-unit currency (Czech 
koruna).  Sellers of the Czech koruna/Euro cross rate futures contract shall deliver the trading-unit 
currency (Czech koruna) and receive the minimum-fluctuation currency (Euro). 
2. 
Delivery Days 
Delivery shall be made on the third Wednesday of the contract month.  If that day is not a Business 
Day in both countries of delivery or is a bank holiday in either Chicago or New York City, then 
delivery shall be made on the next day which is a Business Day in both countries of delivery and is 
not a bank holiday in Chicago or New York City. 
31502.B. 
[Reserved] 
31503. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 315) 
 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 1 of 2 
 
Chapter 315A 
Options on Czech Koruna/Euro (CZK/EUR) Cross Rate Futures 
 
315A00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to options on Czech koruna/Euro cross rate futures.  In addition to 
this chapter, options on Czech koruna/Euro cross rate futures shall be subject to the general rules and 
regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate 
Chicago time. 
Options contracts covered by this chapter may also be referred to as: 
CZK/EUR Monthly Options 
315A01. 
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS 
315A01.A. 
 
Contract Months, Trading Hours, and Trading Halts 
Options contracts shall be listed for such contract months (i.e., expirations) and scheduled for trading 
during such hours, except as indicated below, as may be determined by the Exchange. 
315A01.B. 
 
Trading Unit 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy, in the case of the call, or to sell, in the case of the put, one 
Czech koruna/Euro cross rate futures contract as specified in Chapter 315. 
315A01.C. 
 
Price Increments 
The price of an option shall be quoted in terms of Euro per Czech koruna.  Each .000002 Euro per Czech 
koruna (2 points) shall represent 8 Euro.  For example, a quote of 0.000075 represents an option price of 
300 Euro (75 points x 8 Euro per 2 points).  The minimum fluctuation shall be two points (also known as 
one tick).  A trade may also occur at a price of .000001 (4 Euro, also known as one-half tick), .000003 (12 
Euro, also known as one and one-half ticks), .000005 (20 Euro, also known as two and one-half ticks), 
.000007 (28 Euro, also known as three and one-half ticks), and .000009 (36 Euro, also known as four 
and one-half ticks). 
315A01.D. 
 
Underlying Futures Contract 
The underlying futures contract is the nearest futures contract in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., March, 
June, September and December) whose termination of trading follows the option's last day of trading by 
more than two Exchange business days. 
315A01.E. 
 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set forth 
in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to the 
Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions 
from the specified position limits. 
315A01.F. 
 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation limits 
as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
315A01.G. 
 
[Reserved] 
315A01.H. 
 
[Reserved] 
315A01.I. 
 
Termination of Trading and Expiration Days for Options  
1. 
Monthly Options in the March Quarterly Cycle ("Quarterly Options") 
Trading in monthly options in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., March, June, September and December) 
shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on the second Friday immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the contract month.  If the foregoing date for termination is an Exchange holiday, trading 
in monthly options shall terminate on the immediately preceding Business Day. 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 2 of 2 
 
2. 
Monthly Options Not in the March Quarterly Cycle ("Serial Options") 
Trading in monthly options not in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., January, February, April, May, July, 
August, October and November) shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on the second Friday 
immediately preceding the third Wednesday of the contract month.  If the foregoing date for termination 
is an Exchange holiday, trading in monthly options shall terminate on the immediately preceding Business 
Day. 
315A01.J. 
 
Exercise Prices and Listing of Exercise Prices 
Transactions and exercise of options shall be conducted for options contracts as set forth in the Strike 
Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table. 
The Exchange may modify the provisions governing the establishment of exercise prices as it deems 
appropriate. 
315A02. 
RESERVED 
315A03. 
EXERCISE AND ASSIGNMENT 
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to the 
exercise of option contracts on Czech koruna/Euro cross rate futures.  All options on Czech koruna/Euro 
cross rate futures are European-style exercise only.  Early option exercise prior to the option expiration 
day is not permitted.  Contrary option exercise instructions are also not allowed. 
315A03.A. 
 
Exercise of Option by Buyer 
All in-the-money options are automatically exercised by the Clearing House on the day of expiration for 
the option.  All out-of-the-money options are abandoned by the Clearing House on the day of expiration 
for the option. To determine whether an option is in or out of the money on this day, the Exchange shall 
calculate the relevant “CME currency fixing price”.  This shall be determined by taking the fixing price for 
CZK/USD futures (as described in Chapter 266A) and dividing by the fixing price for the EUR/USD futures 
(as described in Chapter 261A). 
An option is in-the-money if the fixing price of the underlying futures contract at termination lies above or 
is equal to the exercise price in the case of a call, or lies below the exercise price in the case of a put. 
315A03.B. 
 
Assignment 
Exercise notices accepted by the Clearing House shall be assigned through a process of random 
selection to clearing members with open short positions in the same series.  A clearing member to which 
an exercise notice is assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as practicable after such notice is assigned 
by the Clearing House, but not later than 45 minutes before the opening of Regular Trading Hours in the 
underlying futures contract on the following Business Day. 
The clearing member assigned an exercise notice shall be assigned a short position in the underlying 
futures contract if a call is exercised or a long position if a put is exercised.  The clearing member 
representing the option buyer shall be assigned a long position in the underlying futures contract if a call 
is exercised and a short position if a put is exercised. 
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of the option and shall 
be marked to market in accordance with Rule 814 on the Trading Day of acceptance by the Clearing 
House of the exercise notice. 
315A04. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 315A) 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 316 
Hungarian Forint/Euro (HUF/EUR) Cross Rate Futures 
0B31600. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Hungarian forint/Euro cross rate futures.  In addition to this 
chapter, Hungarian forint/Euro cross rate futures shall be subject to the general rules and 
regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
1B31601. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
4B31601.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
5B31601.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 30,000,000 Hungarian forint. 
6B31601.C. 
Quote Basis 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in terms of Euro per Hungarian forint, significant to seven decimal 
places, e.g., .0038442 Euro per Hungarian forint. 
7B31601.D. 
Price Increments 
Minimum price fluctuations shall be in multiples of .0000002 Euro per Hungarian forint, equivalent 
to 6 Euro per contract. Trades may also occur in multiples of .0000001 Euro per Hungarian forint, 
commonly referred to as one-half tick, for HUF/EUR futures intra-currency spreads executed as 
simultaneous transactions pursuant to Rule 542. 
8B31601.E. 
[Reserved] 
31601.F. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
9B31601.G. 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
10B31601.H. 
[Reserved] 
1B31601.I. 
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate on the second Business Day immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the contract month.  If the foregoing date for termination is a bank holiday in 
Chicago or New York City, futures trading shall terminate on the next preceding Business Day 
common to Chicago and New York City banks and the Exchange. 
12B31601.J. 
[Reserved] 
2B 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
31602. SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
13B31602.A. 
Physical Delivery 
1. 
Procedures 
In addition to the procedures and requirements contained in this chapter, physical delivery 
procedures shall be governed by the rules set forth in Chapter 7. 
Hungarian forint/Euro cross rate futures traded pursuant to Chapter 316 shall be delivered in banks 
designated by the Exchange.  Buyers of the Hungarian forint/Euro cross rate futures contract shall 
deliver the minimum-fluctuation currency (Euro) and receive the trading-unit currency (Hungarian 
forint).  Sellers of the Hungarian forint/Euro cross rate futures contract shall deliver the trading-unit 
currency (Hungarian forint) and receive the minimum-fluctuation currency (Euro). 
2. 
Delivery Days 
Delivery shall be made on the third Wednesday of the contract month.  If that day is not a Business 
Day in both countries of delivery or is a bank holiday in either Chicago or New York City, then 
delivery shall be made on the next day which is a Business Day in both countries of delivery and is 
not a bank holiday in Chicago or New York City. 
14B31602.B. 
[Reserved] 
3B31603. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 316) 
 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 1 of 2 
 
Chapter 316A 
Options on Hungarian Forint/Euro (HUF/EUR) Cross Rate Futures 
 
316A00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to options on Hungarian forint/Euro cross rate futures.  In addition to 
this chapter, options on Hungarian forint/Euro cross rate futures shall be subject to the general rules and 
regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate 
Chicago time. 
Options contracts covered by this chapter may also be referred to as: 
HUF/EUR Monthly Options 
316A01. 
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS 
316A01.A. 
 
Contract Months, Trading Hours, and Trading Halts 
Options contracts shall be listed for such contract months (i.e., expirations) and scheduled for trading 
during such hours, except as indicated below, as may be determined by the Exchange. 
316A01.B. 
 
Trading Unit 
 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy, in the case of the call, or to sell, in the case of the put, one 
Hungarian forint/Euro cross rate futures contract as specified in Chapter 316. 
316A01.C. 
 
Price Increments 
The price of an option shall be quoted in terms of Euro per Hungarian forint.  Each .0000002 Euro per 
Hungarian forint (2 points) shall represent 6 Euro.  For example, a quote of 0.0000075 represents an 
option price of 225 Euro (75 points x 6 Euro per 2 points).  The minimum fluctuation shall be two points 
(also known as one tick).  A trade may also occur at a price of .0000001 (3 Euro, also known as one-half 
tick), .0000003 (9 Euro, also known as one and one-half ticks), .0000005 (15 Euro, also known as two 
and one-half ticks), .0000007 (21 Euro, also known as three and one-half ticks), and .0000009 (27 Euro, 
also known as four and one-half ticks). 
316A01.D. 
 
Underlying Futures Contract 
The underlying futures contract is the nearest futures contract in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., March, 
June, September and December) whose termination of trading follows the option's last day of trading by 
more than two Exchange Business Days. 
316A01.E. 
 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set forth 
in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to the 
Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions 
from the specified position limits.  
316A01.F. 
 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation limits 
as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
316A01.G. 
 
[Reserved] 
316A01.H. 
 
[Reserved] 
316A01.I. 
 
Termination of Trading and Expiration Days for Options  
1. 
Monthly Options in the March Quarterly Cycle ("Quarterly Options") 
Trading in monthly options in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., March, June, September and December) 
shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on the second Friday immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the contract month.  If the foregoing date for termination is an Exchange holiday, trading 
in monthly options shall terminate on the immediately preceding Business Day. 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 2 of 2 
 
2. 
Monthly Options Not in the March Quarterly Cycle ("Serial Options") 
Trading in monthly options not in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., January, February, April, May, July, 
August, October and November) shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on the second Friday 
immediately preceding the third Wednesday of the contract month.  If the foregoing date for termination 
is an Exchange holiday, trading in monthly options shall terminate on the immediately preceding Business 
Day. 
316A01.J. 
 
Exercise Prices and Listing of Exercise Prices 
Transactions and exercise of options shall be conducted for options contracts as set forth in the Strike 
Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table. 
The Exchange may modify the provisions governing the establishment of exercise prices as it deems 
appropriate. 
316A02. 
RESERVED 
316A03. 
EXERCISE AND ASSIGNMENT 
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to the 
exercise of option contracts on Hungarian forint/Euro cross rate futures.  All options on Hungarian 
forint/Euro cross rate futures are European-style exercise only.  Early option exercise prior to the option 
expiration day is not permitted.  Contrary option exercise instructions are also not allowed. 
316A03.A. 
 
Exercise of Option by Buyer 
All in-the-money options are automatically exercised by the Clearing House on the day of expiration for 
the option.  All out-of-the-money options are abandoned by the Clearing House on the day of expiration 
for the option. To determine whether an option is in or out of the money on this day, the Exchange shall 
calculate the relevant “CME currency fixing price”.  This shall be determined by taking the fixing price for 
HUF/USD futures (as described in Chapter 267A) and dividing by the fixing price for the EUR/USD futures 
(as described in Chapter 261A). 
An option is in-the-money if the fixing price of the underlying futures contract at termination lies above or 
is equal to the exercise price in the case of a call, or lies below the exercise price in the case of a put. 
316A03.B. 
 
Assignment 
Exercise notices accepted by the Clearing House shall be assigned through a process of random 
selection to clearing members with open short positions in the same series.  A clearing member to which 
an exercise notice is assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as practicable after such notice is assigned 
by the Clearing House, but not later than 45 minutes before the opening of Regular Trading Hours in the 
underlying futures contract on the following Business Day. 
The clearing member assigned an exercise notice shall be assigned a short position in the underlying 
futures contract if a call is exercised or a long position if a put is exercised.  The clearing member 
representing the option buyer shall be assigned a long position in the underlying futures contract if a call 
is exercised and a short position if a put is exercised. 
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of the option and shall 
be marked to market in accordance with Rule 814 on the Trading Day of acceptance by the Clearing 
House of the exercise notice. 
316A04. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 316A) 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 317 
Polish Zloty/Euro (PLN/EUR) Cross Rate Futures 
31700. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Polish zloty/Euro cross rate futures.  In addition to this 
chapter, Polish zloty/Euro cross rate futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of 
the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
31701. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
31701.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
31701.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 500,000 Polish zloty. 
31701.C. 
Quote Basis 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in terms of Euro per Polish zloty, significant to five decimal places, 
e.g., .21534 Euro per Polish zloty. 
31701.D. 
Price Increments 
For trades executed on CME Globex electronic trading platform, minimum price fluctuations shall 
be in multiples of .00002 Euro per Polish zloty, equivalent to 10 Euro per contract. Trades may also 
occur in multiples of .00001 Euro per Polish zloty, commonly referred to as one-half tick, for 
PLN/EUR futures intra-currency spreads executed as simultaneous transactions pursuant to Rule 
542.  For transactions submitted through CME ClearPort, the minimum price fluctuation shall be 
.000001 Euro per Polish zloty. 
31701.E. 
[Reserved] 
31701.F. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
31701.G. 
 Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
31701.H. 
[Reserved]  
31701.I. 
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate on the second Business Day immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the contract month.  If the foregoing date for termination is a bank holiday in 
Chicago or New York City, futures trading shall terminate on the next preceding Business Day 
common to Chicago and New York City banks and the Exchange. 
31701.J. 
[Reserved] 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
31702. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
31702.A. 
Physical Delivery 
1. 
Procedures 
In addition to the procedures and requirements contained in this chapter, physical delivery 
procedures shall be governed by the rules set forth in Chapter 7. 
Polish zloty/Euro cross rate futures traded pursuant to Chapter 317 shall be delivered in banks 
designated by the Exchange.  Buyers of the Polish zloty/Euro cross rate futures contract shall 
deliver the minimum-fluctuation currency (Euro) and receive the trading-unit currency (Polish zloty).  
Sellers of the Polish zloty/Euro cross rate futures contract shall deliver the trading-unit currency 
(Polish zloty) and receive the minimum-fluctuation currency (Euro). 
2. 
Delivery Days 
Delivery shall be made on the third Wednesday of the contract month.  If that day is not a Business 
Day in both countries of delivery or is a bank holiday in either Chicago or New York City, then 
delivery shall be made on the next day which is a Business Day in both countries of delivery and is 
not a bank holiday in Chicago or New York City. 
31702.B. 
[Reserved] 
31703. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 317) 
 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 1 of 2 
 
Chapter 317A 
Options on Polish Zloty/Euro (PLN/EUR) Cross Rate Futures 
 
317A00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to options on Polish zloty/Euro cross rate futures.  In addition to this 
chapter, options on Polish zloty/Euro cross rate futures shall be subject to the general rules and 
regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate 
Chicago time. 
Options contracts covered by this chapter may also be referred to as: 
PLN/EUR Monthly Options 
317A01. 
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS 
317A01.A. 
 
Contract Months, Trading Hours, and Trading Halts 
Options contracts shall be listed for such contract months (i.e., expirations) and scheduled for trading 
during such hours, except as indicated below, as may be determined by the Exchange. 
317A01.B. 
 
Trading Unit 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy, in the case of the call, or to sell, in the case of the put, one 
Polish zloty/Euro cross rate futures contract as specified in Chapter 317. 
317A01.C. 
 
Price Increments 
The price of an option shall be quoted in terms of Euro per Polish zloty.  Each .00002 Euro per Polish 
zloty (2 points) shall represent 10 Euro.  For example, a quote of 0.00075 represents an option price of 
375 Euro (75 points x 10 Euro per 2 points).  The minimum fluctuation shall be two points (also known as 
one tick).  A trade may also occur at a price of .00001 (5 Euro, also known as one-half tick), .00003 (15 
Euro, also known as one and one-half ticks), .00005 (25 Euro, also known as two and one-half ticks), 
.00007 (35 Euro, also known as three and one-half ticks), and .00009 (45 Euro, also known as four and 
one-half ticks). 
317A01.D. 
 
Underlying Futures Contract 
The underlying futures contract is the nearest futures contract in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., March, 
June, September and December) whose termination of trading follows the option's last day of trading by 
more than two Exchange Business Days. 
317A01.E. 
 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set forth 
in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to the 
Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions 
from the specified position limits. 
317A01.F. 
 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation limits 
as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
317A01.G. 
 
[Reserved] 
317A01.H. 
 
[Reserved] 
317A01.I. 
 
Termination of Trading and Expiration Days for Options  
1. 
Monthly Options in the March Quarterly Cycle ("Quarterly Options") 
Trading in monthly options in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., March, June, September and December) 
shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on the second Friday immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the contract month.  If the foregoing date for termination is an Exchange holiday, trading 
in monthly options shall terminate on the immediately preceding Business Day. 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 2 of 2 
 
2. 
Monthly Options Not in the March Quarterly Cycle ("Serial Options") 
Trading in monthly options not in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., January, February, April, May, July, 
August, October and November) shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Central time on the second Friday 
immediately preceding the third Wednesday of the contract month.  If the foregoing date for termination 
is an Exchange holiday, trading in monthly options shall terminate on the immediately preceding Business 
Day. 
317A01.J. 
Exercise Prices and Listing or Exercise Prices 
Transactions and exercise of options shall be conducted for options contracts as set forth in the Strike 
Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table. 
The Exchange may modify the provisions governing the establishment of exercise prices as it deems 
appropriate. 
317A02. 
RESERVED 
317A03. 
EXERCISE AND ASSIGNMENT 
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to the 
exercise of option contracts on Polish zloty/Euro cross rate futures.  All options on Polish zloty/Euro cross 
rate futures are European-style exercise only.  Early option exercise prior to the option expiration day is 
not permitted.  Contrary option exercise instructions are also not allowed. 
317A03.A. 
 
Exercise of Option by Buyer 
All in-the-money options are automatically exercised by the Clearing House on the day of expiration for 
the option.  All out-of-the-money options are abandoned by the Clearing House on the day of expiration 
for the option. To determine whether an option is in or out of the money on this day, the Exchange shall 
calculate the relevant “CME currency fixing price”.  This shall be determined by taking the fixing price for 
PLN/USD futures (as described in Chapter 268A) and dividing by the fixing price for the EUR/USD futures 
(as described in Chapter 261A). 
An option is in-the-money if the fixing price of the underlying futures contract at termination lies above or 
is equal to the exercise price in the case of a call, or lies below the exercise price in the case of a put. 
317A03.B. 
 
Assignment 
Exercise notices accepted by the Clearing House shall be assigned through a process of random 
selection to clearing members with open short positions in the same series.  A clearing member to which 
an exercise notice is assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as practicable after such notice is assigned 
by the Clearing House, but not later than 45 minutes before the opening of Regular Trading Hours in the 
underlying futures contract on the following Business Day. 
The clearing member assigned an exercise notice shall be assigned a short position in the underlying 
futures contract if a call is exercised or a long position if a put is exercised.  The clearing member 
representing the option buyer shall be assigned a long position in the underlying futures contract if a call 
is exercised and a short position if a put is exercised. 
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of the option and shall 
be marked to market in accordance with Rule 814 on the Trading Day of acceptance by the Clearing 
House of the exercise notice. 
317A04. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 317A)  
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                     Page 1 of 3 
 
Chapter 318 
Chinese Renminbi/Euro (RMB/EUR) Cross Rate Futures 
31800. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Chinese renminbi/Euro cross rate futures.  In addition to this 
chapter, Chinese renminbi/Euro cross rate futures shall be subject to the general rules and 
regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time.  
31801. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS  
31801.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and final settlement during such hours and in such 
months as may be determined by the Exchange.  
31801.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 1,000,000 yuan Chinese renminbi.1 
31801.C. 
Quote Basis 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in terms of Euro per Chinese renminbi, significant to five decimal 
places, e.g., 0.10551Euro per Chinese renminbi.  
31801.D. 
Price Increments 
Minimum price fluctuations shall be in multiples of .00001 Euro per Chinese renminbi, equivalent to 
10 Euro per contract. Trades may also occur in multiples of .000005 Euro per Chinese renminbi, 
equivalent to 5 Euro per contract, commonly referred to as one-half tick, for RMB/EUR futures intra-
currency spreads, executed as simultaneous transactions pursuant to Rule 542. 
31801.E. 
[Reserved] 
31801.F. 
Position Limits, Exemptions,  Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
31801.G. 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
31801.H. 
[Reserved]  
31801.I.  
Termination of Trading 
 
Futures trading shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. Beijing time on the second Beijing Business Day 
immediately preceding the third Wednesday of the contract month.   
 
 
                                            
1 The Chinese renminbi (“RMB” or “people’s currency”) is denominated in the unit “yuan.” 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                     Page 2 of 3 
 
31801.J. 
[Reserved]  
31802. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
31802.A. 
[Reserved] 
31802.B. 
Cash Settlement  
The Final Settlement Price shall be the reciprocal of the “Chinese renminbi per Euro” fixing (or 
“midpoint”) rate published by the People’s Bank of China (PBC) and representing spot trading of 
Chinese renminbi per Euro on the futures contract termination of trading day.  Normally, this fixing 
rate is published at 9:15 a.m. Beijing time on each Beijing Business Day for foreign exchange 
trading. The fixing rate may be found on the Reuters SAEC page opposite symbol “EURCNY=”.  
The Final Settlement Price reciprocal calculation shall be rounded to six (6) decimal places.  Open 
positions on the Business Day following the termination of trading day will be marked to market to 
the Final Settlement Price.  For example, a SAEC published rate of 9.65410 Chinese renminbi per 
Euro implies a Final Settlement Price of 0.103583 Euro per Chinese renminbi (reciprocal rounded 
to 6 decimal places). 
In the event that the “Chinese renminbi per Euro" fixing (or “midpoint”) rate as calculated by the 
PBC is not published on the CME Chinese renminbi/Euro futures contract Termination of Trading 
day, but the PBC “Chinese renminbi per U.S. dollar” fixing (or “midpoint”) rate is published, then 
determination of the Final Settlement Price will be based upon the reciprocal of the product of the 
bid/ask midpoint of the spot Euro rate as appears on Reuters page EUR= at 9:00 a.m. Beijing time 
and the PBC USDCNY rate rounded to six (6) decimal places.  If the PBC EURCNY and USDCNY 
rates are unavailable on the termination of trading day, determination of the Final Settlement Price 
may be postponed or deferred each such day for up to 14 consecutive calendar days.  If on the first 
of any of the intervening 14 calendar days, the PBC EURCNY rate becomes available, then the 
futures contract Final Settlement Price shall be the reciprocal of the PBC EURCNY rate, rounded to 
six decimal places.  If on the first of any of the intervening 14 calendar days, when the PBC 
EURCNY rate is unavailable, but the PBC USDCNY rate becomes available, then the futures 
contract Final Settlement Price shall be the reciprocal of the product of the PBC USDCNY rate and 
the bid/ask midpoint of the spot Euro rate as appears on Reuters page EUR= at 9:00 a.m. Beijing 
time, rounded to six decimal places.  However, if on the 15th such consecutive calendar day where 
neither the PBC EURCNY rate nor the PBC USDCNY rate is available, then the Final Settlement 
Price may be set equal to the reciprocal of the product of the SFEMC CNY Indicative Survey Rate, 
published by the Singapore Foreign Exchange Market Committee (SFEMC) or its designee, and 
calculated according to the SFEMC RMB Indicative Survey Rate Methodology published on the 
SFEMC website (www.sfemc@org) and EMTA, Inc. website (www.emta@org) and the bid/ask 
midpoint of the spot Euro rate as appears on Reuters page EUR= at 11:00 a.m. Singapore (and 
Beijing) time, rounded to six (6) decimal places.  Details of the survey methodology appear in the 
CME Rulebook and on the CME Web site (www.cme.com).   
However, if SFEMC fails to publish the CNY Indicative Survey Rate on the first Business Day 
following the lapse of the valuation postponement or deferral period described above (i.e., the 15th 
consecutive calendar day), and the PBC EURCNY rate and PBC USDCNY rate are also 
unavailable, then SFEMC shall repeat efforts to obtain the CNY Indicative Survey Rate each day 
for an additional two Business Days (i.e., the 16th and 17th consecutive calendar days).  If on 
either of these two Business Days the SFEMC CNY Indicative Survey Rate is published and the 
PBC EURCNY rate and PBC USDCNY rate are unavailable, then the Final Settlement Price of the 
CME Chinese renminbi/Euro futures contracts shall be the reciprocal of the product of the first of 
these SFEMC CNY Indicative Survey Rates and that rate’s contemporaneous bid/ask midpoint of 
the spot Euro rate as appears on Reuters page EUR= at 11:00 a.m. Singapore (and Beijing) time, 
rounded to six (6) decimal places.   
However, if on either of the next two Business Days (i.e., the 16th and 17th consecutive calendar 
days), the PBC EURCNY rate becomes available, then the futures contract Final Settlement Price 
shall be the reciprocal of the first such PBC EURCNY rate, rounded to six decimal places.  If on 
either the next two Business Days, when the PBC EURCNY rate is unavailable, but the PBC 
USDCNY rate becomes available, then the futures contract Final Settlement Price shall be the 
reciprocal of the product of the first such PBC USDCNY rate and that rate’s contemporaneous 
bid/ask midpoint of the spot Euro rate as appears on Reuters page EUR= at 9:00 a.m. Beijing time, 
rounded to six decimal places. 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                     Page 3 of 3 
 
If the SFEMC fails to publish the CNY Indicative Survey Rate on both of these two Business Days 
and the PBC EURCNY rate and PBC USDCNY rate are unavailable, then Rule 812 shall apply to 
determine the Final Settlement Price.  
However, in the event that the Exchange determines that the Clearing House is not able to 
determine a Final Settlement Price pursuant to any of the preceding sections, then Rule 812 shall 
apply to determine the Final Settlement Price. 
31803. 
[RESERVED]  
(End Chapter 318)  
 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 1 of 2 
 
Chapter 318A 
Options on Chinese Renminbi/Euro (RMB/EUR) Cross Rate Futures 
318A00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to options on Chinese renminbi/Euro cross rate futures.  In addition 
to this chapter, options on Chinese renminbi/Euro cross rate futures shall be subject to the general rules 
and regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate 
Chicago time.  
Options contracts covered by this chapter may also be referred to as: 
CNY/EUR Monthly Options 
CNY/EUR Weekly Friday Options 
318A01. 
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS 
318A01.A. 
Contract Months, Trading Hours, and Trading Halts 
Options contracts shall be listed for such contract months (i.e., expirations) and scheduled for trading 
during such hours, except as indicated below, as may be determined by the Exchange.  
318A01.B 
Trading Unit 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy, in the case of the call, or to sell, in the case of the put, one 
Chinese renminbi/Euro futures contract as specified in Chapter 318.  
318A01.C. 
Price Increments 
The price of an option shall be quoted in Euro per Chinese renminbi.  Each .00001 Euro per Chinese 
renminbi (one point x €10.00 per point) shall represent 10 Euro.  For example, a quote of .00065 
represents an option price of €650.00 (65 points x €10.00 per point).  The minimum fluctuation shall be 
one point (also known as one tick).  A trade may also occur at a price of €.000005 (€5.00, also known as 
one-half tick), €0.000015 (€15.00), €0.000025 (€25.00), €0.000035 (€35.00), €0.000045 (€45.00), which 
are less than 5 ticks of premium). 
318A01.D. 
Underlying Futures Contract 
1. 
Monthly Options  
The underlying futures contract is the same as the option contract month (i.e., the January futures is the 
contract underlying the January option).  
2. 
Weekly Options  
For weekly Chinese renminbi/Euro options that expire before the monthly option, the underlying futures 
contract is the same as the option contract month.  For weekly Chinese renminbi/Euro options that expire 
after the monthly option, the underlying futures contract is the futures contract of the next consecutive 
calendar month.  For example, if Monday, May 19th is the expiration of the monthly option (whose 
underlying futures contract is the May futures), then for the option expiring Friday, May 2nd, May 9th and 
May 16th, the underlying futures contract is the May futures.  In this same example, for the options expiring 
on the Fridays, May 23rd and May 30th, the underlying futures contract is the June futures.  
318A01.E. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set forth 
in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to the 
Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions 
from the specified position limits. 
318A01.F. 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation limits 
as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
318A01.G. 
[Reserved]  


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 2 of 2 
 
318A01.H. 
Termination of Trading 
1. 
Monthly Options  
Trading in monthly options on Chinese renminbi/Euro futures contracts shall terminate at the same date 
and time as the underlying futures contract. 
2. 
Weekly Friday Options  
Trading in weekly Friday options on the Chinese renminbi/Euro futures contract shall terminate at the 
close of trading (usually 2:00 p.m.) on those Fridays that are not also the termination of trading of a 
monthly option as described in the immediately preceding paragraph. If the foregoing date for termination 
is a scheduled Exchange holiday, trading in weekly Friday options shall terminate on the immediately 
preceding Business Day. In the event that the underlying futures market does not open on the scheduled 
expiration day, the option expiration shall be extended to the next day on which the underlying futures 
market is open for trading.  
318A01.I. 
[Reserved]  
318A01.J. 
Exercise Prices and Listing of Exercise Prices 
Transactions and exercise of options shall be conducted for options contracts as set forth in the Strike 
Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table. 
The Exchange may modify the provisions governing the establishment of exercise prices as it deems 
appropriate. 
318A02. 
RESERVED 
318A03. 
EXERCISE AND ASSIGNMENT 
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to the 
exercise of option contracts on Chinese renminbi/Euro futures.  
318A03.A. 
Exercise of Option by Buyer 
All in-the-money options are automatically exercised by the Clearing House on the day of expiration for 
the option.  All out-of-the-money options are abandoned by the Clearing House on the day of expiration 
for the option. An option is in-the-money if the settlement price of the underlying futures contract at 
termination lies above or is equal to the exercise price in the case of a call, or lies below the exercise 
price in the case of a put. 
318A03.B. 
Assignment 
Exercise notices accepted by the Clearing House shall be assigned through a process of random 
selection to clearing members with open short positions in the same series.  A clearing member to which 
an exercise notice is assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as practicable after such notice is assigned 
by the Clearing House, but not later than 45 minutes before the opening of Regular Trading Hours in the 
underlying futures contract on the following Business Day.  
The clearing member assigned an exercise notice shall be assigned a short position in the underlying 
futures contract if a call is exercised or a long position if a put is exercised.  The clearing member 
representing the option buyer shall be assigned a long position in the underlying futures contract if a call 
is exercised and a short position if a put is exercised.  
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of the option and shall 
be marked to market in accordance with Rule 814 on the Trading Day of acceptance by the Clearing 
House of the exercise notice.  
318A04. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 318A) 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 344L 
Micro U.S. Dollar/Offshore Chinese Renminbi (USD/RMB) Futures 
 
344L00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to futures trading in Micro U.S. dollar versus offshore Chinese 
renminbi (for example, held in Hong Kong or any other country outside of the People’s Republic of 
China designated by CME Clearing).1 The procedures for trading, clearing, delivery, settlement and 
any other matters not specifically contained herein shall be governed by the rules of the Exchange.  
Futures contracts covered by this chapter may be referred to as Micro USD/CNH Futures. 
344L01. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
 
344L01.A. Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months 
as may be determined by the Board of Directors.  
 
344L01.B. Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 10,000 U.S. dollars. 
 
344L01.C. Price Increments 
For trades executed on CME Globex electronic trading platform, minimum price fluctuations shall 
be in multiplies of 0.0005 offshore Chinese renminbi (RMB) per U.S. dollar, equivalent to 5 RMB 
per contract. For transactions submitted through CME ClearPort, the minimum price fluctuation 
shall be  0.0001 offshore Chinese renminbi per U.S. dollar. 
344L.01.D. Position Limits and Position Accountability 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
344L01.E. Termination of Trading  
Futures trading shall terminate at 11:00 a.m. Hong Kong time on the second Hong Kong business 
day immediately preceding the third Wednesday of the contract month. 
344L01.F. Contract Modifications 
Specifications shall be fixed as of the first day of trading of a contract, except that all deliveries 
must conform to government regulations in force at the time of delivery.  If any national or 
international government agency or body issues an order, ruling, directive or law that conflicts with 
the requirements of these rules, such order, ruling, directive or law shall be construed to take 
precedence and become part of these rules and all open and new contracts shall be subject to 
such government orders. 
344L01.G. Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
344L02.  
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
 
Cash Settlement 
All Micro U.S. dollar/offshore Chinese renminbi futures contracts remaining open after the close of 
trading on the termination of trading day shall be liquidated by cash settlement at a price equal to 
the Final Settlement Price in CNH. The CME Micro U.S. dollar/offshore Chinese renminbi futures 
 
1 The Chinese renminbi (“RMB” or “people’s currency”) is denominated in the unit “yuan” (also known by symbol “CNY”).  
However, Chinese renminbi held offshore in Hong Kong is also known by symbol “CNH.” 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 2 
contract Final Settlement Price shall be equal to the “CNY CNHHK” (CNY03),” which is the 
“Offshore Chinese renminbi per U.S. Dollar” spot exchange rate, for settlement in two business 
days, reported by the Treasury Markets Association, Hong Kong (www.tma.org.hk) as its USD/CNY 
(HK) Spot Rate at approximately 11:30 a.m., Hong Kong time rounded to four decimal places.  
1. Futures Final Settlement Price when the CNY CNHHK (“CNY03”) Rate is Unavailable for a 
Given Day  
In the event that the CNY CNHHK (CNY03) rate is determined in the sole discretion of the 
Exchange to be unavailable on the termination of trading day, then final settlement of the CME 
Micro U.S. dollar/offshore Chinese renminbi futures contract may be deferred or postponed for up 
to (but not more than) 14 consecutive calendar days. Upon the publication of the CNY CNHHK 
(CNY03) rate prior to the lapse of such 14-day period, CME shall determine the Final Settlement 
Price using the rate and the CME Micro U.S. dollar/offshore Chinese renminbi futures contract shall 
be settled on such day. If however, 14 consecutive calendar days pass without publication of the 
CNY CNHHK (CNY03) rate, CME shall otherwise determine the Final Settlement Price.  
2. Procedures after 14-Day Deferral Period  
However, in the event that the Exchange determines that the Clearing House is not able to 
determine a Final Settlement Price pursuant to any of the preceding sections, then Rule 812 shall 
apply to determine the Final Settlement Price. 
344L03.  
DISCLAIMER 
The USD/CNY(HK) Spot Rate published by the Treasury Markets Association of Hong Kong on its 
website is subject to the disclaimer and copyright notice regarding information set out on its website 
which may be viewed HERE. 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 2 
 
 
Chapter 345 
U.S. Dollar/Chilean Peso (USD/CLP) Futures 
 
34500. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to U.S. dollar/Chilean peso futures.  In addition to this 
chapter, U.S. dollar/Chilean peso futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of 
the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
 
 
 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to 
and indicate Chicago time. 
 
34501. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
34501.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and final settlement during such hours and in 
such months as may be determined by the Exchange. 
34501.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 100,000 U.S. dollars. 
34501.C. 
Price Increments 
Minimum price fluctuations shall be in multiples of 0.01 Chilean pesos per U.S. dollar, equivalent 
to 1,000 CLP per contract. 
34501.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels  
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall 
apply to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
34501.E. 
[Reserved] 
34501.F.  
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price 
fluctuation limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
34501.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate on the last Business Day of the month, immediately preceding 
the contract month, on which the Banco Central de Chile (BCC) is scheduled to publish its final 
end-of-month (EOM) spot exchange rate of Chilean pesos per U.S. dollar.  If the foregoing date 
for termination is a holiday for the Exchange and GLOBEX®, futures trading shall terminate on 
the next preceding Business Day for either the Exchange or GLOBEX®. 
34501.H. 
 [Reserved] 
 
34502. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
 
 
 
34502.A. 
[Reserved] 
 
 
 
34502.B. 
Cash Settlement 
 
 
 
All U.S. dollar/Chilean peso futures contracts remaining open after the close of trading on the 
termination of trading day shall be liquidated by cash settlement at a Final Settlement Price equal 
to the “Dólar Observado”, as determined on the termination of trading day but reported by the 
Banco Central de Chile (BCC) on the Business Day following the termination of trading day on 
the BCC’s website (http://www.bcentral.cl/index.asp) and rounded to 2 decimal places.  This rate 
is widely used by the interbank foreign exchange market to cash settle non -deliverable forward 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 2 
 
 
contracts for U.S. dollars versus Chilean pesos.  All open positions shall be cash settled to this 
rate on the Business Day following the last Business Day of the month for the BCC. 
1. Procedures if No BCC Dólar Observado Rate is Available  
In the event that there is a price source disruption and the Dólar Observado rate is not calculated 
by the BCC on the termination of trading day and/or broadcasted on the Business Day following 
the termination of trading day, the Clearing House shall defer cash settlement to a subsequent 
day.  
2.Procedures if BCC Dólar Observado Rate is Available after Commencement of a Deferral 
Period Upon publication of the BCC Dólar Observado rate after a deferral period commences, 
CME shall determine the Final Settlement Price using such Rate rounded to 2 decimal places 
and the U.S. dollar/Chilean peso futures contract shall be settled on such day.  If, however, 14 
consecutive calendar days pass without publication of the BCC Dólar Observado rate, CME shall 
otherwise determine the Final Settlement Price.  See section 3.  
3.Procedures after 14-Day Deferral Period  
After the lapse of 14 consecutive calendar days without publication of the BCC Dólar Observado 
rate, then Rule 812 shall apply to determine the Final Settlement Price. 
 
34503. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 345) 
 
                


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 2 
 
 
 
Chapter 346 
Chilean Peso/U.S. Dollar (CLP/USD) Futures 
 
34600. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Chilean peso/U.S. dollar futures.  In addition to this 
chapter, Chilean peso/U.S. dollar futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of 
the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
 
 
 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to 
and indicate Chicago time. 
34601. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
34601.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and final settlement during such hours and in 
such months as may be determined by the Exchange. 
34601.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 50,000,000 Chilean pesos. 
34601.C. 
Price Increments 
Minimum price fluctuations shall be in multiples of $0.0000001 per Chilean peso, equivalent to 
$5.00 per contract. 
34601.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels  
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall 
apply to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
34601.E. 
[Reserved] 
34601.F. Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price 
fluctuation limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
34601.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate on the last Business Day of the month, immed iately preceding 
the contract month, on which the Banco Central de Chile (BCC) is scheduled to publish its final 
end-of-month (EOM) spot exchange rate of Chilean pesos per U.S. dollar.  If the foregoing date 
for termination is a holiday for the Exchange and GLOBEX®, futures trading shall terminate on 
the next preceding Business Day for either the Exchange or GLOBEX®. 
34601.H. 
 [Reserved] 
34602. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
 
 
 
34602.A. 
[Reserved] 
34602.B. 
Cash Settlement 
 
 
 
All Chilean peso/U.S. dollar futures contracts remaining open after the close of trading on the 
termination of trading day shall be liquidated by cash settlement at a Final Settlement Price equal 
to the reciprocal of the “Dólar Observado”, as determined on the termination of trading day but 
reported by the Banco Central de Chile (BCC) on the Business Day following the termination of 
trading day on the BCC’s website (http://www.bcentral.cl/index.asp) and rounded to 7 decimal 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 2 
 
 
places.  This rate is widely used by the interbank foreign exchange market to cash settle non-
deliverable forward contracts for U.S. dollars versus Chilean pesos.  All open positions shall be 
cash settled to this rate on the Business Day following the last Business Day of the month for 
the BCC. 
1. 
Procedures if No BCC Dólar Observado Rate is Available 
 
In the event that there is a price source disruption and the Dólar Observado rate is not 
calculated by the BCC on the termination of trading day and/or broadcasted on the Business 
Day following the termination of trading day, the Clearing House shall defer cash settlement 
to a subsequent day. 
2. 
Procedures if BCC Dólar Observado Rate is Available after Commencement of a Deferral 
Period 
 
Upon publication of the BCC Dólar Observado rate after a deferral period commences, CME 
shall determine the Final Settlement Price using such Rate rounded to 7 decimal places 
and the U.S. dollar/Chilean peso futures contract shall be settled on such day.  If, however, 
14 consecutive calendar days pass without publication of the BCC Dólar Observado rate, 
CME shall otherwise determine the Final Settlement Price.  See section 3.  
3. 
Procedures after 14-Day Deferral Period  
 
After the lapse of 14 consecutive calendar days without publication of the BCC Dólar 
Observado rate, then Rule 812 shall apply to determine the Final Settlement Price. 
34603. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 346) 
 
               
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 347 
Micro Ether Futures  
 
34700. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Micro Ether Futures. In addition to this chapter, futures 
shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange as applicable. 
34701. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each futures contract shall be valued at 0.10 ether as defined by the CME CF Ether-Dollar 
Reference Rate (“ETHUSD_RR”). 
34702. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
34702.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such 
months as may be determined by the Exchange. 
34702.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 0.10 ether. 
34702.C. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price increment shall be 0.50 index points, equal to $0.05 per contract, except for 
intermonth spreads executed pursuant to Rule 542.A., for which the minimum price increment 
shall be 0.10 index points, equal to $0.01 per intermonth spread. 
34702.D. Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall 
apply to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
34702.E. Price Limits and Trading Halts  
At the commencement of each Trading Day, the contract shall be subject to special price 
fluctuation limits and daily price limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price 
Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of 
Chapter 5. 
34702.F. Termination of Trading 
Trading in expiring futures shall terminate at 4:00 p.m. London time on the last Friday of the 
contract month if that day is a business day in either the UK or the US. If that day is not a 
business day in both the UK and the US, trading shall terminate on the preceding day that is a 
business day in either the UK or the US.  
34703. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement. 
34703.A. 
Final Settlement Price 
For a futures contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be the 
ETHUSD_RR published at 4:00 p.m. London time on the Last Trade Date (Rule 34702.F.). 
Revision to the published ETHUSD_RR shall be received prior to 23:59:59 London Time on the 
Last Trade Date. Thereafter, the final settlement futures price shall be deemed final. 
In the event that the ETHUSD_RR is not publishable or published on the CME Micro Ether 
Futures Termination of Trading day, and therefore, CME cannot determine the CME Micro Ether 
Final Settlement Price, then final settlement of the CME Micro Ether futures contract is at the 
discretion of the Exchange and may be deferred or postponed for up to 14 consecutive calendar 
days. 
34703.B. Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in an expiring futures contract at its termination of 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 2 
trading (Rule 34702.F.) shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in 
accordance with normal variation margin procedures based on such expiring contract’s Final 
Settlement Price (Rule 34703.A.). 
In the event of a hard fork, Ether futures shall continue to settle to the ETHUSD_RR 
corresponding to the original token pair (ETH:USD). The Exchange may, in its sole discretion, 
take alternative action with respect to hard forks in consultation with market participants as may 
be appropriate.  
34704. 
RESERVED 
34705. 
RESERVED 
34706. 
BASIS TRADE AT INDEX CLOSE (“BTIC”) TRANSACTIONS 
All BTIC transactions must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 524.B. For 
the purpose of this section and Rule 524.B., BTIC enables market participants to execute a 
basis trade relative to the closing level of the Index value. 
 
Closing Index Price at 
Which Basis Shall Be 
Determined 
Index to Be Referenced 
Index Publication Time 
London Close  
CME CF Ether-Dollar  
Reference Rate 
“ETHUSD_RR” 
4:00 p.m. London time 
New York Close  
CME CF Ether-Dollar  
Reference Rate - New York 
Close “ETHUSD_NY” 
4:00 p.m. New York time 
 
34706.A. Block Trade Requirements  
BTIC block trades must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 526.  
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed prior to the publication of the Index on a given Trading 
Day, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the closing Index value for the 
current Trading Day.  
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed on a given Trading Day after the publication of the 
Index, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the closing Index value for 
the next Trading Day.  
34706.B. Price Assignment Procedures  
The price assignment procedure for BTIC transactions shall follow Rule 524.B.3. 
34706.C. Minimum Price Increments  
The valid basis or price increment applied to the closing Index value to establish the BTIC futures 
price shall be an integer multiple of the contract minimum price increment, $0.10 per ether, equal 
to $0.01 per contract.  
34706.D. Market Disruption Events  
In the event of disruption in the underlying market that precludes a valid Index value calculation, 
all pending and executed BTIC transactions in the corresponding futures contract shall be 
cancelled by the Exchange. Such disruption shall be declared by the Exchange in its sole 
discretion.  
 
(End of Chapter 347) 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 347A 
Options on Micro Ether Futures 
 
347A00.  
SCOPE OF CHAPTER  
This chapter is limited in application to Options on Micro Ether Futures (“futures”). In addition to the 
rules of this chapter, transactions in Options on Micro Ether Futures shall be subject to the general 
rules and regulations of the Exchange.  
347A01.  
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS  
347A01.A. Listing and Trading Schedule 
The number of contracts open for trading at a given time, and the hours of trading for options 
contracts shall be determined by the Exchange. There shall be no trading in options when trading is 
halted in the underlying Futures Contract Month for Micro Ether Futures (Chapter 347).  
347A01.B. Trading Unit  
The trading unit shall be an option to buy in the case of a call, or to sell in the case of a put, one Micro 
Ether Futures contract (Chapter 347). 
347A01.C. Minimum Price Increments 
1. 
Outright 
Option prices shall be quoted in CME CF Ether-Dollar Reference Rate (“ETHUSD_RR”) Index points 
(USD per ether).  The minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.50 Index Points (equal to $0.05 per option 
contract). 
2. 
Option Spreads and Combinations  
Any option contract that trades as a component of a spread or combination shall be traded at a price 
that conforms to the applicable minimum price fluctuation as set forth in this Rule. The minimum price 
fluctuation shall be 0.50 Index Points (equal to $0.05 per option contract). 
347A01.D. Daily Price Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits and daily price limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table 
in the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.  
347A01.E. Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels  
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set 
forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.  
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion.  
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits.  
347A01.F. Underlying Futures Contract  
1. 
Monthly Options  
The Underlying Futures Contract shall be the nearest to expire Futures Contract for delivery on the 
last Friday of the same month as such option’s named month of expiration, subject to Rule 34703.A. 
2. 
Weekly Options  
The Underlying Futures Contract shall be the nearest to expire Futures contract for delivery on the 
same day as such option’s named day of expiration. 
347A01.G. Exercise Prices  
1.  Regularly Listed Exercise Prices 
The Exchange shall ensure that put and call options are listed for trading at all eligible exercise prices 
as set forth in the Strike Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table. 
347A01.H. Termination of Trading  
1. 
Monthly Options  
Trading in any Monthly option shall terminate on the same date and at the same time as the 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 2 
termination of trading in such option’s Underlying Futures Contract (Rule 347A01.D.1.).  
If that day is not a business day in both the U.K and the U.S., trading shall terminate on the preceding 
day that is a business day in either the U.K or the U.S. 
2. 
Weekly Options  
Trading of a Weekly option shall terminate on its expiration date at 4:00:00 p.m. London time. 
Where the named day of the Contract week is not a business day in both the U.K and the U.S., no 
contract will be listed.  
347A02.  
EXERCISE AND ASSIGNMENT  
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to 
the exercise of options.  
347A02.A. Exercise 
Options may not be exercised prior to their termination of trading.  They may be exercised only at, 
and not before, its expiration. Following the termination of trading any option that is in the money 
shall be automatically exercised by the Clearing House, and any such option that is out of the money 
shall be abandoned by the Clearing House. For the avoidance of doubt, no such option that expires 
in the money may be abandoned, and no such option that expires out of the money may be exercised.  
1. 
Monthly Options 
An expiring Monthly call option (Rule 347A01.D.1.) shall be in the money if the corresponding Final 
Settlement Price for the Underlying Futures Contract (Rule 34703.A.) is at or above such option’s 
exercise price and shall be out of the money if the corresponding Final Settlement Price is strictly 
below such option’s exercise price.  
An expiring Monthly put option (Rule 347A01.D.1.) shall be in the money if the corresponding Final 
Settlement Price for the Underlying Futures Contract (Rule 34703.A.) is strictly below such option’s 
exercise price and shall be out of the money if the corresponding Final Settlement Price is at or above 
such option’s exercise price. 
2. 
Weekly Options  
For Options other than Monthly Options, whether an option expires in the money or out of the money 
shall be determined by the Exchange, in its sole discretion, by reference to the Fixing Price of such 
option, as follows: 
Such Fixing Price shall be based on the notionally-adjusted volume-weighted average price of 
transactions in Ether Futures and Micro Ether Futures on the CME Globex electronic trading platform 
during the last thirty (30) minutes of trading on expiration day (3:30:00 p.m. – 3:59:59 p.m. London 
time). 
In the event such Fixing Price calculation cannot be determined pursuant to the above calculation, 
the Exchange, in its sole discretion, shall set such Fixing Price by alternative means.  
An expiring Weekly call option (Rule 347A01.F.2.), shall be in the money if the corresponding Fixing 
Price for the Underlying Futures Contract is at or above such option’s exercise price, and shall be 
out of the money if the corresponding Fixing Price is strictly below such option’s exercise price.  
An expiring Weekly put option (Rule 347A01.F.2.), shall be in the money if the corresponding Fixing 
Price for the Underlying Futures Contract is strictly below such option’s exercise price, and shall be 
out of the money if the corresponding Fixing Price is at or above such option’s exercise price. 
347A02.B. Assignment  
Upon exercise of a put option on behalf of the long holder of such option, the short holder of such 
option shall incur the obligation to assume a long position in one Underlying Futures Contract (Rule 
347A01.F.) at such option’s exercise price (Rule 347A01.G.). Upon exercise of a call option on behalf 
of the long holder of such option, the short holder of such option shall incur the obligation to assume 
a short position in one Underlying Futures Contract at such option’s exercise price. 
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of such option 
contract, and shall be marked to market (in accordance with Rule 814) on the Business Day on which 
the Clearing House automatically exercises such.  
(End Chapter 347A)  
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 348 
Micro Bitcoin Futures  
 
34800. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Micro Bitcoin Futures. In addition to this chapter, futures 
shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange as applicable. 
34801. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each futures contract shall be valued at 0.10 bitcoin as defined by the CME CF Bitcoin 
Reference Rate (“BRR”). 
34802. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
34802.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such 
months as may be determined by the Exchange. 
34802.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 0.10 bitcoin. 
34802.C. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price increment shall be 5.00 index points, equal to $0.50 per contract, except for 
intermonth spreads executed pursuant to Rule 542.A., for which the minimum price increment 
shall be 1.00 index points, equal to $0.10 per intermonth spread. 
34802.D. Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall 
apply to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
34802.E. Price Limits and Trading Halts  
At the commencement of each Trading Day, the contract shall be subject to special price 
fluctuation limits and daily price limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price 
Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of 
Chapter 5. 
34802.F. Termination of Trading 
Trading in expiring futures shall terminate at 4 p.m. London time on the last Friday of the 
contract month if that day is a business day in either the UK or the US. If that day is not 
a business day in both the UK and the US, trading shall terminate on the preceding day 
that is a business day in either the UK or the US.  
34803. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement. 
34803.A. 
Final Settlement Price 
For a futures contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be the BRR 
published at 4 p.m. London time on the Last Trade Date (Rule 34802.F.). Revision to the 
published BRR shall be received prior to 23:59:59 London Time on the Last Trade Date. 
Thereafter, the final settlement futures price shall be deemed final. 
In the event that the BRR is not publishable or published on the CME Micro Bitcoin Futures 
Termination of Trading day, and therefore, CME cannot determine the CME Micro Bitcoin Final 
Settlement Price, then final settlement of the CME Micro Bitcoin futures contract is at the 
discretion of the Exchange and may be deferred or postponed for up to 14 consecutive calendar 
days. 
34803.B. Final Settlement 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 2 
Clearing members holding open positions in an expiring futures contract at its termination of 
trading (Rule 34802.F.) shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in 
accordance with normal variation margin procedures based on such expiring contract’s Final 
Settlement Price (Rule 34803.A.). 
In the event of a hard fork, Micro Bitcoin futures shall continue to settle to the BRR 
corresponding to the original token pair (BTC:USD). The Exchange may, in its sole discretion, 
take alternative action with respect to hard forks in consultation with market participants as may 
be appropriate. 
34804. 
RESERVED 
34805. 
RESERVED 
34806. 
BASIS TRADE AT INDEX CLOSE (“BTIC”) TRANSACTIONS 
All BTIC transactions must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 524.B.  
For the purpose of this section and Rule 524.B., BTIC enables market participants to execute a 
basis trade relative to the closing level of the Index value. 
Closing Index Price at 
Which Basis Shall Be 
Determined 
Index to Be Referenced 
Index Publication Time 
London Close  
CME CF Bitcoin 
Reference Rate “BRR” 
4:00 p.m. London time 
New York Close  
CME CF Bitcoin 
Reference Rate - New York 
Close “BRR NY” 
4:00 p.m. New York time 
 
34806.A. Block Trade Requirements  
BTIC block trades must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 526.  
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed prior to the publication of the Index on a given Trading 
Day, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the closing Index value for the 
current Trading Day.  
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed on a given Trading Day after the publication of the 
Index, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the closing Index value for 
the next Trading Day.  
34806.B. Price Assignment Procedures  
The price assignment procedure for BTIC transactions shall follow Rule 524.B.3. 
34806.C. Minimum Price Increments  
The valid basis or price increment applied to the closing Index value to establish the BTIC futures 
price shall be an integer multiple of the contract minimum price increment, $1.00 per bitcoin, equal 
to $0.10 per contract.  
34806.D. Market Disruption Events  
In the event of disruption in the underlying market that precludes a valid Index value calculation, 
all pending and executed BTIC transactions in the corresponding futures contract shall be 
cancelled by the Exchange. Such disruption shall be declared by the Exchange in its sole 
discretion.  
 
(End Chapter 348) 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 3 
Chapter 348A 
Options on Micro Bitcoin Futures 
 
348A00.  
SCOPE OF CHAPTER  
This chapter is limited in application to Options on Micro Bitcoin Futures (“futures”). In addition to 
the rules of this chapter, transactions in Options on Micro Bitcoin Futures shall be subject to the 
general rules and regulations of the Exchange.  
348A01.  
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS  
348A01.A. Listing and Trading Schedule 
The number of contracts open for trading at a given time, and the hours of trading for options 
contracts shall be determined by the Exchange. There shall be no trading in options when trading is 
halted in the underlying Futures Contract Month for Micro Bitcoin Futures (Chapter 348).  
348A01.B. Trading Unit  
The trading unit shall be an option to buy in the case of a call, or to sell in the case of a put, one 
Micro Bitcoin Futures contract (Chapter 348).  
348A01.C. Minimum Price Increments 
1. 
Outright 
Option prices shall be quoted in CME CF Bitcoin Reference Rate (“BRR”) Index points (USD per 
bitcoin).   
The minimum price fluctuation shall be 5 Index points (equal to $0.50 per option contract), provided 
that trades at a premium equal to or less than 25 Index points (equal to $2.50 per option contract) 
shall be in increments of 1 Index point (equal to $0.10 per option contract). 
2. 
Option Spreads and Combinations  
Any option contract that trades as a component of a spread or combination shall be traded at a 
price that conforms to the applicable minimum price fluctuation as set forth in this Rule, provided 
that for any option spread or combination that trades at a net premium of 25 Index points (equal to 
$2.50 per option contract spread) or less than, each option contract comprised within such spread 
or combination may trade in price increments of 1 Index point (equal to $0.10 per option contract).   
348A01.D. Daily Price Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits and daily price limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table 
in the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.  
348A01.E. Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels  
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.  
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion.  
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits.  
348A01.F. Underlying Futures Contract  
1. 
Monthly Options  
The Underlying Futures Contract shall be the nearest to expire Futures Contract for delivery on the 
last Friday of the same month as such option’s named month of expiration, subject to Rule 
34803.A. 
2. 
Weekly Options 
The Underlying Futures Contract shall be the nearest to expire Futures contract for delivery on the 
same day as such option’s named day of expiration. 
348A01.G. Exercise Prices  
1. 
Regularly Listed Exercise Prices 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 3 
The Exchange shall ensure that put and call options are listed for trading at all eligible exercise 
prices as set forth in the Strike Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table. 
348A01.H. Termination of Trading  
1. 
Monthly Options  
Trading of a Monthly option shall terminate on the same date and at the same time as the 
termination of trading in such option’s Underlying Futures Contract (Rule 348A01.D.1.).  
If that day is not a business day in both the U.K and the U.S., trading shall terminate on the 
preceding day that is a business day in either the U.K or the U.S. 
2. 
 Weekly Options  
Trading of a Weekly option shall terminate on its expiration date at 4:00:00 p.m. London time. 
Where the named day of the Contract week is not a business day in both the U.K and the U.S., no 
contract will be listed. 
348A02.  
EXERCISE AND ASSIGNMENT  
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to 
the exercise of options.  
348A02.A. Exercise 
Options may not be exercised prior to their termination of trading.  They may be exercised only at, 
and not before, its expiration. Following the termination of trading any option that is in the money 
shall be automatically exercised by the Clearing House, and any such option that is out of the 
money shall be abandoned by the Clearing House. For the avoidance of doubt, no such option that 
expires in the money may be abandoned, and no such option that expires out of the money may be 
exercised.  
1. 
Monthly Options 
An expiring Monthly call option (Rule 348A01.D.1.) shall be in the money if the corresponding Final 
Settlement Price for the Underlying Futures Contract (Rule 34803.A.) is at or above such option’s 
exercise price and shall be out of the money if the corresponding Final Settlement Price is strictly 
below such option’s exercise price.  
An expiring Monthly put option (Rule 348A01.D.1.) shall be in the money if the corresponding Final 
Settlement Price for the Underlying Futures Contract (Rule 34803.A.) is strictly below such option’s 
exercise price and shall be out of the money if the corresponding Final Settlement Price is at or 
above such option’s exercise price. 
2. 
Weekly Options  
 For Options other than Monthly Options, whether an option expires in the money or out of the 
money shall be determined by the Exchange, in its sole discretion, by reference to the Fixing Price 
of such option, as follows: 
Such Fixing Price shall be based on the notionally-adjusted volume-weighted average price of 
transactions in Bitcoin Futures and Micro Bitcoin Futures on the CME Globex electronic trading 
platform during the last thirty (30) minutes of trading on expiration day (3:30:00 p.m. – 3:59:59 p.m. 
London time). 
In the event such Fixing Price calculation cannot be determined pursuant to the above calculation, 
the Exchange, in its sole discretion, shall set such Fixing Price by alternative means.  
An expiring Weekly call option (Rule 348A01.F.2.), shall be in the money if the corresponding 
Fixing Price for the Underlying Futures Contract is at or above such option’s exercise price, and 
shall be out of the money if the corresponding Fixing Price is strictly below such option’s exercise 
price.  
An expiring Weekly put option (Rule 348A01.F.2.), shall be in the money if the corresponding Fixing 
Price for the Underlying Futures Contract is strictly below such option’s exercise price, and shall be 
out of the money if the corresponding Fixing Price is at or above such option’s exercise price. 
348A02.B. Assignment  
Upon exercise of a put option on behalf of the long holder of such option, the short holder of such 
option shall incur the obligation to assume a long position in one Underlying Futures Contract (Rule 
348A01.F.) at such option’s exercise price (Rule 348A01.G.). Upon exercise of a call option on 
behalf of the long holder of such option, the short holder of such option shall incur the obligation to 
assume a short position in one Underlying Futures Contract at such option’s exercise price.  


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 3 
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of such option 
contract and shall be marked to market (in accordance with Rule 814) on the Business Day on 
which the Clearing House automatically exercises such.  
 
(End Chapter 348A)  
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 2 
 
Chapter 349 
Ether Futures  
 
34900. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
 
This chapter is limited in application to Ether Futures. In addition to this chapter, futures shall be 
subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange as applicable. 
34901. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
 
Each futures contract shall be valued at 50 ether as defined by the CME CF Ether Reference Rate 
(“ETHUSD_RR”). 
34902. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
 
34902.A. 
Trading Schedule 
 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
34902.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 50 ether. 
34902.C. 
Price Increments 
 
The minimum price increment shall be 0.50 index points, equal to $25.00 per contract, except for 
intermonth spreads executed pursuant to Rule 542.A., for which the minimum price increment shall 
be 0.05 index points, equal to $2.50 per intermonth spread. 
34902.D. Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set 
forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
34902.E. Price Limits and Trading Halts 
At the commencement of each Trading Day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits and daily price limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and 
Daily Price Limits Table in the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
34902.F. Termination of Trading 
Trading in expiring futures shall terminate at 4 p.m. London time on the last Friday of the contract 
month if that day is a business day in either the UK or the US. If that day is not a business day in 
both the UK and the US, trading shall terminate on the preceding day that is a business day in either 
the UK or the US.  
34903. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement. 
34903.A. 
Final Settlement Price 
For a futures contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be the ETHUSD_RR 
published at 4 p.m. London time on the Last Trade Date (Rule 34902.F.). Revision to the published 
ETHUSD_RR shall be received prior to 23:59:59 London Time on the Last Trade Date. Thereafter, 
the final settlement futures price shall be deemed final. 
In the event that the ETHUSD_RR is not publishable or published on the CME Ether Futures 
Termination of Trading day, and therefore, CME cannot determine the CME Ether Final Settlement 
Price, then final settlement of the CME Ether futures contract is at the discretion of the Exchange 
and may be deferred or postponed for up to 14 consecutive calendar days. 
 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 2 
 
 
34903.B. Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in an expiring futures contract at its termination of trading 
(Rule 34902.F.) shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in accordance 
with normal variation margin procedures based on such expiring contract’s Final Settlement Price 
(Rule 34903.A.).  
In the event of a hard fork, Ether futures shall continue to settle to the ETHUSD_RR corresponding 
to the original token pair (ETH:USD). The Exchange may, in its sole discretion, take alternative action 
with respect to hard forks in consultation with market participants as may be appropriate.  
34904. 
RESERVED 
34905.  
RESERVED 
34906. 
BASIS TRADE AT INDEX CLOSE (“BTIC”) TRANSACTIONS 
All BTIC transactions must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 524.B.  
For the purpose of this section and Rule 524.B., BTIC enables market participants to execute a basis 
trade relative to the closing level of the Index value. 
 
Closing Index Price at 
Which Basis Shall Be 
Determined 
Index to Be Referenced 
Index Publication Time 
London Close  
CME CF Ether-Dollar 
Reference Rate 
“ETHUSD_RR” 
4:00 p.m. London time 
New York Close  
CME CF Ether-Dollar 
Reference Rate - New York 
Close “ETHUSD_NY” 
4:00 p.m. New York time 
 
34906.A. Block Trade Requirements  
BTIC block trades must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 526.  
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed prior to the publication of the Index on a given Trading Day, 
the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the closing Index value for the current 
Trading Day.  
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed on a given Trading Day after the publication of the Index, 
the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the closing Index value for the next 
Trading Day.  
34906.B. Price Assignment Procedures  
The price assignment procedure for BTIC transactions shall follow Rule 524.B.3. 
34906.C. Minimum Price Increments  
The valid basis or price increment applied to the closing Index value to establish the BTIC futures 
price shall be an integer multiple of the contract minimum price increment, $0.05 per ether, equal to 
$2.50 per contract.  
34906.D. Market Disruption Events  
In the event of disruption in the underlying market that precludes a valid Index value calculation, all 
pending and executed BTIC transactions in the corresponding futures contract shall be cancelled by 
the Exchange. Such disruption shall be declared by the Exchange in its sole discretion.  
 
(End of Chapter 349) 
 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 3 
Chapter 349A 
Options on Ether Futures 
 
349A00.  
SCOPE OF CHAPTER  
This chapter is limited in application to Options on Ether Futures (“futures”). In addition to the rules 
of this chapter, transactions in Options on Ether Futures shall be subject to the general rules and 
regulations of the Exchange.  
349A01.  
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS 
349A01.A. Listing and Trading Schedule 
The number of contracts open for trading at a given time, and the hours of trading for options 
contracts shall be determined by the Exchange. There shall be no trading in options when trading is 
halted in the underlying Futures Contract Month for Ether Futures (Chapter 349).  
349A01.B. Trading Unit  
The trading unit shall be an option to buy in the case of a call, or to sell in the case of a put, one 
Ether Futures contract (Chapter 349).   
349A01.C. Minimum Price Increments 
1. 
Outright 
Option prices shall be quoted in CME CF Ether-Dollar Reference Rate (“ETHUSD_RR”) Index 
points (USD per ether).   
The minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.50 Index points, equal to $25.00 per option contract. 
2. 
Option Spreads and Combinations  
Any option contract that trades as a component of a spread or combination shall be traded at a 
price that conforms to the applicable minimum price fluctuation as set forth in this Rule. The 
minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.50 Index points (equal to $25.00 per option contract).  
349A01.D. Daily Price Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits and daily price limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table 
in the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.  
349A01.E. Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels  
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.  
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion.  
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits.  
349A01.F. Underlying Futures Contract  
1. 
Monthly Options  
The Underlying Futures Contract shall be the nearest to expire Futures Contract for delivery on the 
last Friday of the same month as such option’s named month of expiration, subject to Rule 
34903.A. 
2. 
Weekly Options 
The Underlying Futures Contract shall be the nearest to expire Futures contract for delivery on the 
same day as such option’s named day of expiration. 
349A01.G. Exercise Prices  
1. 
Regularly Listed Exercise Prices 
The Exchange shall ensure that put and call options are listed for trading at all eligible exercise 
prices as set forth in the Strike Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table. 
2. 
Dynamically Listed Exercise Prices  
Upon demand and at the discretion of the Exchange, an option with an out-of-current-range 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 3 
exercise price may be listed for trading as a User-Defined Instrument, on an as-soon-as-possible 
basis, provided that the exercise price of such option shall be an integer multiple of 25 Index points.  
349A01.H. Termination of Trading  
1. 
Monthly Options  
Trading of a Monthly option shall terminate on the same date and at the same time as the 
termination of trading in such option’s Underlying Futures Contract (Rule 349A01.D.1).  
If that day is not a business day in both the U.K and the U.S., trading shall terminate on the 
preceding day that is a business day in either the U.K or the U.S. 
2. 
Weekly Options 
Trading of a Weekly option shall terminate on its expiration date at 4:00:00 p.m. London time.  
Where the named day of the Contract week is not a business day in both the U.K and the U.S., no 
contract will be listed.  
349A02.  
EXERCISE AND ASSIGNMENT  
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to 
the exercise of options.  
349A02.A. Exercise  
Options may not be exercised prior to their termination of trading.  They may be exercised only at, 
and not before, its expiration. Following the termination of trading any option that is in the money 
shall be automatically exercised by the Clearing House, and any such option that is out of the 
money shall be abandoned by the Clearing House. For the avoidance of doubt, no such option that 
expires in the money may be abandoned, and no such option that expires out of the money may be 
exercised. 
1. 
Monthly Options 
An expiring Monthly call option (Rule 349A01.F.1.) shall be in the money if the corresponding Final 
Settlement Price for the Underlying Futures Contract (Rule 34903.A.) is at or above such option’s 
exercise price and shall be out of the money if the corresponding Final Settlement Price is strictly 
below such option’s exercise price.  
An expiring Monthly put option (Rule 349A01.F.1.) shall be in the money if the corresponding Final 
Settlement Price for the Underlying Futures Contract (Rule 34903.A.) is strictly below such option’s 
exercise price and shall be out of the money if the corresponding Final Settlement Price is at or 
above such option’s exercise price. 
2. 
Weekly Options  
For Options other than Monthly Options, whether an option expires in the money or out of the 
money shall be determined by the Exchange, in its sole discretion, by reference to the Fixing Price 
of such option, as follows: 
Such Fixing Price shall be based on the notionally-adjusted volume-weighted average price of 
transactions in Ether Futures and Micro Ether Futures on the CME Globex electronic trading 
platform during the last thirty (30) minutes of trading on expiration day (3:30:00 p.m. – 3:59:59 p.m. 
London time). 
In the event such Fixing Price calculation cannot be determined pursuant to the above calculation, 
the Exchange, in its sole discretion, shall set such Fixing Price by alternative means.  
An expiring Weekly call option (Rule 349A01.F.2.), shall be in the money if the corresponding 
Fixing Price for the Underlying Futures Contract is at or above such option’s exercise price, and 
shall be out of the money if the corresponding Fixing Price is strictly below such option’s exercise 
price.  
An expiring Weekly put option (Rule 349A01.F.2.), shall be in the money if the corresponding Fixing 
Price for the Underlying Futures Contract is strictly below such option’s exercise price, and shall be 
out of the money if the corresponding Fixing Price is at or above such option’s exercise price. 
349A02.B. Assignment  
Upon exercise of a put option on behalf of the long holder of such option, the short holder of such 
option shall incur the obligation to assume a long position in one Underlying Futures Contract (Rule 
349A01.F.) at such option’s exercise price (Rule 349A01.G.). Upon exercise of a call option on 
behalf of the long holder of such option, the short holder of such option shall incur the obligation to 
assume a short position in one Underlying Futures Contract at such option’s exercise price.  


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 3 
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of such option 
contract and shall be marked to market (in accordance with Rule 814) on the Business Day on 
which the Clearing House automatically exercises such.  
 
(End Chapter 349A)  
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 350 
Bitcoin Futures 
 
35000. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Bitcoin Futures. In addition to this chapter, futures shall 
be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange as applicable. 
35001. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each futures contract shall be valued at 5 bitcoin as defined by the CME CF Bitcoin Reference 
Rate (“BRR”). 
35002. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
35002.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such 
months as may be determined by the Exchange. 
35002.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 5 bitcoin. 
35002.C. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price increment shall be $5.00, equal to $25.00 per contract, except for intermonth 
spreads executed pursuant to Rule 542.A., for which the minimum price increment shall be 
$1.00, equal to $5.00 per intermonth spread. 
35002.D. Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable 
Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall 
apply to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and 
allowable exemptions from the specified position limits. 
35002.E. Daily Price Limits 
At the commencement of each Trading Day, the contract shall be subject to special 
price fluctuation limits and daily price limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special 
Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of 
Chapter 5. 
35002.F. Termination of Trading 
Trading in expiring futures shall terminate at 4 p.m. London time on the last Friday of 
the contract month if that day is a business day in either the UK or the US. If that day is 
not a business day in both the UK and the US, trading shall terminate on the preceding 
day that is a business day in either the UK or the US.  
35003. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement. 
35003.A. 
Final Settlement Price 
For a futures contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be the 
BRR published at 4 p.m. London time on the Last Trade Date (Rule 35002.F.). Revision 
to the published BRR shall be received prior to 23:59:59 London Time on the Last Trade 
Date. Thereafter, the final settlement futures price shall be deemed final. 
In the event that the BRR is not publishable or published on the CME Bitcoin Futures 
Termination of Trading day, and therefore, CME cannot determine the CME Bitcoin 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 2 
Final Settlement Price, then final settlement of the CME Bitcoin futures contract is at 
the discretion of the Exchange and may be deferred or postponed for up to 14 
consecutive calendar days. 
35003.B. Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in an expiring futures contract at its 
termination of trading (Rule 35002.F.) shall make payment to or receive payment from 
the Clearing House in accordance with normal variation margin procedures based on 
such expiring contract’s Final Settlement Price (Rule 35003.A.). 
In the event of a hard fork, Bitcoin futures shall continue to settle to the BRR 
corresponding to the original token pair (BTC:USD). The Exchange may, in its sole 
discretion, take alternative action with respect to hard forks in consultation with market 
participants as may be appropriate. 
35004. 
RESERVED 
35005. 
RESERVED 
35006. 
BASIS TRADE AT INDEX CLOSE (“BTIC”) TRANSACTIONS 
All BTIC transactions must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 524.B.  
For the purpose of this section and Rule 524.B., BTIC enables market participants to execute a 
basis trade relative to the closing level of the Index value. 
Closing Index Price at 
Which Basis Shall Be 
Determined 
Index to Be Referenced 
Index Publication Time 
London Close  
CME CF Bitcoin 
Reference Rate “BRR” 
4:00 p.m. London time 
New York Close  
CME CF Bitcoin 
Reference Rate - New York 
Close “BRR_NY” 
4:00 p.m. New York time 
35006.A. Block Trade Requirements  
BTIC block trades must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 526.  
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed prior to the publication of the Index on a given Trading 
Day, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the closing Index value for the 
current Trading Day.  
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed on a given Trading Day after the publication of the 
Index, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the closing Index value for 
the next Trading Day.  
35006.B. Price Assignment Procedures  
The price assignment procedure for BTIC transactions shall follow Rule 524.B.3. 
35006.C. Minimum Price Increments  
The valid basis or price increment applied to the closing Index value to establish the BTIC futures 
price shall be an integer multiple of the contract minimum price increment, $1.00 per bitcoin, equal 
to $5.00 per contract.  
35006.D. Market Disruption Events  
In the event of disruption in the underlying market that precludes a valid Index value calculation, 
all pending and executed BTIC transactions in the corresponding futures contract shall be 
cancelled by the Exchange. Such disruption shall be declared by the Exchange in its sole 
discretion.  
 
(End Chapter 350) 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Chapter 350A 
Options on Bitcoin Futures 
 
350A00.  
SCOPE OF CHAPTER  
This chapter is limited in application to Options on Bitcoin Futures (“futures”). In addition to the 
rules of this chapter, transactions in Options on Bitcoin Futures shall be subject to the general rules 
and regulations of the Exchange.  
350A01.  
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS  
350A01.A. Listing and Trading Schedule 
The number of contracts open for trading at a given time, and the hours of trading for options 
contracts shall be determined by the Exchange. There shall be no trading in options when trading is 
halted in the underlying Futures Contract Month for Bitcoin Futures (Chapter 350).  
350A01.B. Trading Unit  
The trading unit shall be an option to buy in the case of a call, or to sell in the case of a put, one 
Bitcoin Futures contract (Chapter 350). 
350A01.C. Minimum Price Increments 
1. 
Outright  
Option prices shall be quoted in CME CF Bitcoin Reference Rate (“BRR”) Index points (USD per 
bitcoin).   
The minimum price fluctuation shall be 5 Index points (equal to $25.00 per option contract), 
provided that trades at a premium equal to or less than 25 Index points (equal to $125.00 per 
option contract) shall be in increments of 1 Index point (equal to $5.00 per option contract). 
2. 
Option Spreads and Combinations  
Any option contract that trades as a component of a spread or combination shall be traded at a 
price that conforms to the applicable minimum price fluctuation as set forth in this Rule, provided 
that for any option spread or combination that trades at a net premium of 25.00 Index points (equal 
to $125.00 per option contract spread) or less, each option contract comprised within such spread 
or combination may trade in price increments of 1.00 Index point (equal to $5.00 per option 
contract).   
350A01.D. Daily Price Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits and daily price limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table 
in the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.  
350A01.E. Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels  
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.  
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion.  
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
exemptions from the specified position limits.  
350A01.F. Underlying Futures Contract  
1. 
Monthly Options  
The Underlying Futures Contract shall be the nearest to expire Futures Contract for delivery on the 
last Friday of the same month as such option’s named month of expiration, subject to Rule 
35003.A. 
2. 
Weekly Options 
The Underlying Futures Contract shall be the nearest to expire Futures contract for delivery on the 
same day as such option’s named day of expiration. 
350A01.G. Exercise Prices  
1. 
Regularly Listed Exercise Prices 
The Exchange shall ensure that put and call options are listed for trading at all eligible exercise 
prices as set forth in the Strike Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table.  
2. Dynamically Listed Exercise Prices  
Upon demand and at the discretion of the Exchange, an option with an out-of-current-range 
exercise price may be listed for trading as a User-Defined Instrument, on an as-soon-as-possible 
basis, provided that the exercise price of such option shall be an integer multiple of 25 Index points.   
350A01.H. Termination of Trading  
1. 
Monthly Options  
Trading of a Monthly option shall terminate on the same date and at the same time as the 
termination of trading in such option’s Underlying Futures Contract (Rule 350A01.D.1.).  
If that day is not a business day in both the U.K and the U.S., trading shall terminate on the 
preceding day that is a business day in either the U.K or the U.S.  
2. 
Weekly Options 
Trading of a Weekly option shall terminate on its expiration date at 4:00:00 p.m. London time.  
Where the named day of the Contract week is not a business day in both the U.K and the U.S., no 
contract will be listed.  
350A02.  
EXERCISE AND ASSIGNMENT  
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to 
the exercise of options.  
350A02.A. Exercise  
Options may not be exercised prior to their termination of trading.  They may be exercised only at, 
and not before, its expiration. Following the termination of trading any option that is in the money 
shall be automatically exercised by the Clearing House, and any such option that is out of the 
money shall be abandoned by the Clearing House. For the avoidance of doubt, no such option that 
expires in the money may be abandoned, and no such option that expires out of the money may be 
exercised.  
1. 
Monthly Options 
An expiring Monthly call option (Rule 350A01.F.1.) shall be in the money if the corresponding Final 
Settlement Price for the Underlying Futures Contract (Rule 35003.A.) is at or above such option’s 
exercise price and shall be out of the money if the corresponding Final Settlement Price is strictly 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
below such option’s exercise price.  
An expiring Monthly put option (Rule 350A01.F.1.) shall be in the money if the corresponding Final 
Settlement Price for the Underlying Futures Contract (Rule 35003.A.) is strictly below such option’s 
exercise price and shall be out of the money if the corresponding Final Settlement Price is at or 
above such option’s exercise price. 
2. 
Weekly Options  
For Options other than Monthly Options, whether an option expires in the money or out of the 
money shall be determined by the Exchange, in its sole discretion, by reference to the Fixing Price 
of such option, as follows: 
Such Fixing Price shall be based on the notionally-adjusted volume-weighted average price of 
transactions in Bitcoin Futures and Micro Bitcoin Futures on the CME Globex electronic trading 
platform during the last thirty (30) minutes of trading on expiration day (3:30:00 p.m. – 3:59:59 p.m. 
London time). 
In the event such Fixing Price calculation cannot be determined pursuant to the above calculation, 
the Exchange, in its sole discretion, shall set such Fixing Price by alternative means.  
An expiring Weekly call option (Rule 350A01.F.2.), shall be in the money if the corresponding 
Fixing Price for the Underlying Futures Contract is at or above such option’s exercise price, and 
shall be out of the money if the corresponding Fixing Price is strictly below such option’s exercise 
price.  
An expiring Weekly put option (Rule 350A01.F.2.), shall be in the money if the corresponding Fixing 
Price for the Underlying Futures Contract is strictly below such option’s exercise price, and shall be 
out of the money if the corresponding Fixing Price is at or above such option’s exercise price. 
350A02.B. Assignment  
Upon exercise of a put option on behalf of the long holder of such option, the short holder of such 
option shall incur the obligation to assume a long position in one Underlying Futures Contract (Rule 
350A01.F.) at such option’s exercise price (Rule 350A01.G.). Upon exercise of a call option on 
behalf of the long holder of such option, the short holder of such option shall incur the obligation to 
assume a short position in one Underlying Futures Contract at such option’s exercise price.  
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of such option 
contract and shall be marked to market (in accordance with Rule 814) on the Business Day on 
which the Clearing House automatically exercises such.  
 
(End Chapter 350A)  
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 351 
Ether/Bitcoin Ratio Futures  
 
35100. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to the cash settlement of Ether/Bitcoin Ratio Futures. In 
addition to this chapter, futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the 
Exchange as applicable. 
35101. 
ETHER/BITCOIN RATIO  
The Ether/Bitcoin Ratio Index shall be defined as the ratio of the settlement US Dollar price of 
one (1) Ether Futures Contract (CME Chapter 349) divided by the settlement US Dollar price of 
one (1) Bitcoin Futures Contract (CME Chapter 350). 
35102. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
35102.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such 
months as may be determined by the Exchange. 
35102.B. 
Trading Unit 
The contract shall be defined as USD 1,000,000 multiplied by the Ether/Bitcoin Ratio Index. 
35102.C. 
Price Increments 
Prices shall be quoted in index points. The minimum price increment shall be 0.000005 index 
points, equivalent to $5.00 per Contract. 
35102.D. Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall 
apply to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
35102.E. Price Limits and Trading Halts  
At the commencement of each Trading Day, the contract shall be subject to special price 
fluctuation limits and daily price limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price 
Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of 
Chapter 5. 
35102.F. Termination of Trading  
Trading in expiring futures shall terminate at 4:00 p.m. London time on the last Friday of the 
contract month if that day is a business day in either the UK or the US. If that day is not a 
business day in both the UK and the US, trading shall terminate on the preceding day that is a 
business day in either the UK or the US.  
35103. 
FINAL SETTLEMENT 
Final settlement shall be by cash settlement.  
35103.A. 
Final Settlement Price 
The final settlement price of the Ether/Bitcoin Ratio Futures shall be determined by the final 
settlement prices of the Ether Futures contract and the Bitcoin Futures contracts of the same 
contract month.  It shall be calculated by the final settlement price of the Ether Futures divided by 
the final settlement price of the Bitcoin Futures, rounded to the nearest 0.000001. 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 2 
 
 
35103.B. 
Market Disruption Events  
In the event of Disruption to the Final Settlement price Determination for Ether Futures (per Rule 
34903.A,) and or the Final Settlement Price Determination for Bitcoin Futures (per Rule 35003.A.), 
the settlement price of Ether/Bitcoin Ratio Futures shall be deferred until the Disruption of the 
Bitcoin Futures and or Ether Futures final settlement price determination have been resolved. 
 
(End of Chapter 351)  
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 1 of 4 
Chapter 352 
Nikkei Stock Average Futures 
 
35200. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Nikkei Stock Average futures.  In addition to this chapter, 
Nikkei Stock Average futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange 
as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
35201. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each futures contract shall be valued at $5 times the Nikkei Stock Average.  The Nikkei Stock 
Average is a broadly based, price-weighted average of 225 larger, actively traded Japanese stocks 
that are listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange. 
35202. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS  
 
35202.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months 
as may be determined by Exchange. 
35202.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $5 times the Nikkei Stock Average. 
35202.C. 
Price Increments 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in terms of the Nikkei Stock Average.  The minimum fluctuation of 
the futures contract shall be 5 points, equivalent to $25 per contract. 
35202.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
35202.E. 
 [Reserved] 
35202.F. 
 [Reserved] 
35202.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate at the close of trading on the Business Day immediately preceding 
the day of determination of the Final Settlement Price. 
35202.H. 
[Reserved]  
35202.I. 
Price Limits and Trading Halts 
The primary futures contract month, as referenced in this rule, shall be determined by the 
Exchange. The Exchange shall also determine when the primary futures contract month is limit bid 
or limit offered.  There shall be no Daily Price Limits in a contract on its last day of trading. 
Reference Price for Exchange Price Limits and Exchange Trading Halts: Daily price limits in 
futures will be established relative to the contract rounded Reference Price (“P”) which shall be 
determined by the Exchange as follows:  
Tier 1  
The Reference Price shall be equal to the volume-weighted average price of the Nikkei 
225 mini Futures trades executed on the Osaka Securities Exchange (“OSE”) from 
2:59:30 to 3:00:00 p.m. Tokyo time, or, in the event of an early close of the primary Tokyo 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 2 of 4 
securities market, (ii) the last thirty (30) seconds of the primary Tokyo securities market 
trading day (Reference Interval). 
Tier 2  
If no transactions occur during the Reference Interval, the Reference Price shall be the 
average of the midpoints of each bid/ask spread in the OSE Nikkei 225 mini Futures 
contract during that thirty (30) second interval; however, bid/ask spread pairs wider than 
three (3) ticks (30 index points), shall not be included in the calculation to determine the 
Reference Price.  
Tier 3  
If the Reference Price cannot be determined pursuant to Tiers 1 and 2 above, designated 
Exchange staff shall consider any other information deemed relevant to determine the 
Reference Price. Alternatives upon which Exchange staff may determine the Reference 
Price include, but are not limited to, the following: (1) deriving the Reference Price based 
on the basis relationship to the underlying cash index level; or (2) deriving the Reference 
Price by repeating Tier 1 or Tier 2 calculations at increasing thirty (30) second increment 
intervals until data is obtained. 
If the Reference Price is not divisible by 10.00 without remainder then the Reference Price shall be 
rounded down to the closest 10.00 point increment.  The Rounded Reference Price (“P”) shall be 
used to determine daily Price Limits.  
For a newly listed contract expiration month, there will be an implied Reference Price created by 
the Exchange for the sole purpose of establishing the Price Limits for the first day of trading. 
Exchange Price Limit Levels: Price Limits shall be calculated daily based upon the rounded 
Reference Price, P, and Offset levels. 
There will be three (3) Offset levels used to determine the three daily upward and the three daily 
downward Price Limits.   
 
The three Offset levels will be: 
  8% Offset    =   (8% × P) 
12% Offset    = (12% × P) 
16% Offset    = (16% × P) 
Each resultant Offset value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of 10 Index 
points. Each such Offset, so rounded, shall be used in determination of the corresponding Price 
Limits.   
The Daily Price Limits for Nikkei Stock Average futures shall be calculated as follows: 
1st Price Limits 
 equals 
Rounded Reference Price (P)  ±    8% Offset level 
2nd Price Limits  
 equals 
 Rounded Reference Price (P)  ±  12% Offset level 
3rd Price Limits 
equals 
 Rounded Reference Price (P)   ±  16% Offset level 
If, on any CME Business Day, the OSE Nikkei 225 mini Futures contract is closed for trading, then 
the Rounded Reference Price used for the calculation of daily Price Limits shall be the most 
recently calculated Rounded Reference Price.    
Downward Price Limits – Limit Offer  
When the primary futures contract is limit offered at the 1st downward Price Limit, a 2-minute period 
shall commence.   If the primary futures contract is not limit offered at the end of the 2-minute 
period, trading will continue with the next applicable downward Price Limit in effect.  If the primary 
futures contract is limit offered at the end of the 2-minute period, trading shall terminate for a period 
of two minutes, after which time the market shall reopen.  The next applicable downward price Limit 
shall apply to such reopening. 
When the primary futures contract is limit offered at the 2nd downward Price Limit, a 2-minute period 
shall commence.  If the primary futures contract is not limit offered at the end of the 2-minute 
period, trading will continue with the 3rd Price Limit in effect.  If the primary futures contract is limit 
offered at the end of the 2-minute period, trading shall terminate for a period of two minutes, after 
which time the market shall reopen. The 3rd downward Price Limit shall apply to such reopening.  
The 3rd downward Price Limit shall represent the Total Daily downward Price Limit and shall prevail 
until the end of the trading day. 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 3 of 4 
Upward Price Limits – Limit Bid 
When the primary futures contract is limit bid at the 1st Price Limit, a 2-minute period shall 
commence.   If the primary futures contract is not limit bid at the end of the 2-minute period, trading 
will continue with the next applicable upward Price Limit in effect.  If the primary futures contract is 
limit bid at the end of the 2-minute period, trading shall terminate for a period of two minutes, after 
which time the market shall reopen.  The next applicable upward Price Limit shall apply to such 
reopening. 
When the primary futures contract is limit bid at the 2nd upward Price Limit, a 2-minute period shall 
commence.  If the primary futures contract is not limit bid at the end of the 2-minute period, trading 
will continue with the 3rd upward Price Limit in effect.  If the primary futures contract is limit bid at 
the end of the 2-minute period, trading shall terminate for a period of two minutes, after which time 
the market shall reopen. The 3rd upward Price Limit shall apply to such reopening.  The 3rd upward 
Price Limit shall represent the Total Daily upward Price Limit and shall prevail until the end of the 
trading day 
35203. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Final settlement of the Nikkei Stock Average futures contract shall be by cash settlement. 
35203.A. 
Final Settlement Price 
The final settlement price shall be the special opening quotation of the Nikkei Stock Average which 
is used to settle the Nikkei Stock Average Futures at the Osaka Securities Exchange, rounded to 
the nearest 1/100th of an index point.  This value will usually be based on the opening of the 
second Friday of the contract month. 
In the event the second Friday of such delivery month is not a Tokyo Stock Exchange business 
day, such special opening quotation of the Nikkei Stock Average and the corresponding Final 
Settlement Price shall be determined on the Tokyo Stock Exchange business day immediately 
preceding the second Friday of such delivery month.  
35203.B. 
Final Settlement  
Clearing members holding open positions in a Nikkei Stock Average futures contract at the time of 
termination of trading in that contract shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing 
House in accordance with normal variation performance bond procedures based on a settlement 
price equal to the final settlement price. 
35204. 
[RESERVED] 
35205.  
[RESERVED] 
35206. 
BASIS TRADE AT INDEX CLOSE (“BTIC”) 
 
All BTIC transactions must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 524.B. 
Notwithstanding the provisions in Rule 524.B.2., BTIC transactions are permitted on the last day of 
trading for the contract. 
 
35206.A. 
BTIC Block Trade Requirements 
BTIC block trades must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 526. 
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed on a given Trading Day on or before the scheduled close 
of the Primary Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the 
Index closing value for the current Trading Day.  
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed on a given Trading Day after the scheduled close of the 
Primary Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the Index 
closing value for the next Trading Day. 
 
35206.B. 
BTIC Price Assignment Procedures 
 
The price assignment procedures for BTIC transactions shall follow Rule 524.B.3. 
 
 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 4 of 4 
35206.C. 
 BTIC Minimum Price Increments 
The minimum price increment shall be 0.1 Index point, equal to $0.5 per contract, for any basis 
adjustment that is applied to the Index closing level to establish the futures price of a BTIC 
transaction. 
 
35206.D. 
Market Disruption Events 
 
In the event of a market disruption in the Primary Listing Exchange, all pending and executed BTIC 
transactions in the corresponding futures contract shall be cancelled by the Exchange. Such 
disruption shall be declared by the Exchange in its sole discretion, and may include, without 
limitation, an unscheduled early close of the Primary Listing Exchange or a regulatory trading halt 
necessitating an early closure of the Primary Listing Exchange.  
 
 
 
(End Chapter 352) 
 
 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 1 of 4 
Chapter 352B 
Yen Denominated Nikkei Stock Average Futures 
 
352B00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Yen Denominated Nikkei Stock Average futures.  In addition 
to this chapter, Yen Denominated Nikkei Stock Average futures shall be subject to the general rules 
and regulations of the Exchange as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
352B01. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each futures contract shall be valued at ¥500 times the Nikkei Stock Average.  The Nikkei Stock 
Average is a broadly based, price-weighted average of 225 larger, actively traded Japanese stocks 
that are listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange. 
352B02. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
352B02.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
352B02.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be ¥500 times the Nikkei Stock Average. 
352B02.C. 
Price Increments 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in terms of the Nikkei Stock Average.  The minimum fluctuation of 
the futures contract shall be 5 points, equivalent to ¥2500 per contract. 
352B02.D. 
Position Limits,  Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
352B02.E. 
[Reserved]   
352B02.F. 
[Reserved]   
352B02.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate at the close of trading on the Business Day immediately preceding 
the day of determination of the Final Settlement Price. 
352B02.H. 
[Reserved]  
352B02.I. 
Price Limits and Trading Halts 
The primary futures contract month, as referenced in this rule, shall be determined by the 
Exchange. The Exchange shall also determine when the primary futures contract month is limit bid 
or limit offered.  There shall be no Daily Price Limits in a contract on its last day of trading. 
Reference Price for Exchange Price Limits and Exchange Trading Halts: Daily price limits in 
futures will be established relative to the contract rounded Reference Price (“P”) which shall be 
determined by the Exchange as follows:  
Tier 1  
The Reference Price shall be equal to the volume-weighted average price of the Nikkei 
225 mini Futures trades executed on the Osaka Securities Exchange (“OSE”) from (i) 
2:59:30 to 3:00:00 p.m. Tokyo time, or, in the event of an early close of the primary Tokyo 
securities market, (ii) the last thirty (30) seconds of the primary Tokyo securities market 
trading day (Reference Interval). 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 2 of 4 
Tier 2  
If no transactions occur during the Reference Interval, the Reference Price shall be the 
average of the midpoints of each bid/ask spread in the OSE Nikkei 225 mini Futures 
contract during that thirty (30) second interval; however, bid/ask spread pairs wider than 
three (3) ticks (30 index points), shall not be included in the calculation to determine the 
Reference Price.  
Tier 3  
If the Reference Price cannot be determined pursuant to Tiers 1 and 2 above, designated 
Exchange staff shall consider any other information deemed relevant to determine the 
Reference Price. Alternatives upon which Exchange staff may determine the Reference 
Price include, but are not limited to, the following: (1) deriving the Reference Price based 
on the basis relationship to the underlying cash index level; or (2) deriving the Reference 
Price by repeating Tier 1 or Tier 2 calculations at increasing thirty (30) second increment 
intervals until data is obtained. 
If the Reference Price is not divisible by 10.00 without remainder then the Reference Price shall be 
rounded down to the closest 10.00 point increment.  The Rounded Reference Price (“P”) shall be 
used to determine daily Price Limits.  
For a newly listed contract expiration month, there will be an implied Reference Price created by 
the Exchange for the sole purpose of establishing the Price Limits for the first day of trading. 
Exchange Price Limit Levels: Price Limits shall be calculated daily based upon the rounded 
Reference Price, P, and Offset levels. 
There will be three (3) Offset levels used to determine the three daily upward and the three daily 
downward Price Limits.   
The three Offset levels will be: 
 
  8% Offset    =   (8% × P) 
12% Offset    = (12% × P) 
16% Offset    = (16% × P) 
 
Each resultant Offset value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of 10 Index 
points. Each such Offset, so rounded, shall be used in determination of the corresponding Price 
Limits.  
The Daily Price Limits for Yen Denominated Nikkei Stock Average futures shall be calculated as 
follows: 
1st Price Limits 
 equals 
Rounded Reference Price (P)  ±    8% Offset level 
2nd Price Limits  
equals 
 Rounded Reference Price (P)  ±  12% Offset level 
3rd Price Limits 
 equals 
 Rounded Reference Price (P)   ±  16% Offset level 
If, on any CME Business Day, the OSE Nikkei 225 mini Futures contract is closed for trading, then 
the Rounded Reference Price used for the calculation of daily Price Limits shall be the most 
recently calculated Rounded Reference Price.    
Downward Price Limits – Limit Offer  
When the primary futures contract is limit offered at the 1st downward Price Limit, a 2-minute period 
shall commence.   If the primary futures contract is not limit offered at the end of the 2-minute 
period, trading will continue with the next applicable downward Price Limit in effect.  If the primary 
futures contract is limit offered at the end of the 2-minute period, trading shall terminate for a period 
of two minutes, after which time the market shall reopen.  The next applicable downward price Limit 
shall apply to such reopening. 
When the primary futures contract is limit offered at the 2nd downward Price Limit, a 2-minute period 
shall commence.  If the primary futures contract is not limit offered at the end of the 2-minute 
period, trading will continue with the 3rd Price Limit in effect.  If the primary futures contract is limit 
offered at the end of the 2-minute period, trading shall terminate for a period of two minutes, after 
which time the market shall reopen. The 3rd downward Price Limit shall apply to such reopening.  
The 3rd downward Price Limit shall represent the Total Daily downward Price Limit and shall prevail 
until the end of the trading day. 
Upward Price Limits – Limit Bid 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 3 of 4 
When the primary futures contract is limit bid at the 1st Price Limit, a 2-minute period shall 
commence.   If the primary futures contract is not limit bid at the end of the 2-minute period, trading 
will continue with the next applicable upward Price Limit in effect.  If the primary futures contract is 
limit bid at the end of the 2-minute period, trading shall terminate for a period of two minutes, after 
which time the market shall reopen.  The next applicable upward Price Limit shall apply to such 
reopening. 
When the primary futures contract is limit bid at the 2nd upward Price Limit, a 2-minute period shall 
commence.  If the primary futures contract is not limit bid at the end of the 2-minute period, trading 
will continue with the 3rd upward Price Limit in effect.  If the primary futures contract is limit bid at 
the end of the 2-minute period, trading shall terminate for a period of two minutes, after which time 
the market shall reopen. The 3rd upward Price Limit shall apply to such reopening.  The 3rd upward 
Price Limit shall represent the Total Daily upward Price Limit and shall prevail until the end of the 
trading day. 
352B03. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Final settlement of the yen denominated Nikkei Stock Average futures contract shall be by cash 
settlement. 
352B03.A. 
Final Settlement Price  
The final settlement price shall be the special opening quotation of the Nikkei Stock Average which 
is used to settle the Nikkei Stock Average Futures at the Osaka Securities Exchange, rounded to 
the nearest 1/100th of an index point.  This value will usually be based on the opening of the 
second Friday of the contract month. 
In the event the second Friday of such delivery month is not a Tokyo Stock Exchange business 
day, such special opening quotation of the Nikkei Stock Average and the corresponding Final 
Settlement Price shall be determined on the Tokyo Stock Exchange business day immediately 
preceding the second Friday of such delivery month.  
352B03.B. 
Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in a yen denominated Nikkei Stock Average futures 
contract at the time of termination of trading in that contract shall make payment to or receive 
payment from the Clearing House in accordance with normal variation performance bond 
procedures based on a settlement price equal to the final settlement price. 
352B04. 
[RESERVED] 
352B05. 
[RESERVED] 
352B06 
BASIS TRADE AT INDEX CLOSE (“BTIC”) 
 
All BTIC transactions must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 524.B. 
Notwithstanding the provisions in Rule 524.B.2., BTIC transactions are permitted on the last day of 
trading for the contract. 
 
352B06.A. 
 BTIC Block Trade Requirements 
BTIC block trades must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 526. 
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed on a given Trading Day on or before the scheduled close 
of the Primary Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the 
Index closing value for the current Trading Day.  
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed on a given Trading Day after the schedule close of the 
Primary Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the Index 
closing value for the next Trading Day. 
 
352B06.B. 
 BTIC Price Assignment Procedures 
The price assignment procedures for BTIC transactions shall follow Rule 524.B.3. 
 
352B06.C. 
BTIC Minimum Price Increments 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 4 of 4 
The minimum price increment shall be 0.1 Index point, equal to ¥50 per contract, for any basis 
adjustment that is applied to the Index closing level to establish the futures price of a BTIC 
transaction. 
 
352B06.D. 
Market Disruption Events 
In the event of a market disruption in the Primary Listing Exchange, all pending and executed BTIC 
transactions in the corresponding futures contract shall be cancelled by the Exchange. Such 
disruption shall be declared by the Exchange in its sole discretion, and may include, without 
limitation, an unscheduled early close of the Primary Listing Exchange or a regulatory trading halt 
necessitating an early closure of the Primary Listing Exchange.  
(End Chapter 352B) 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 3 
Chapter 352C 
Options on Yen Denominated Nikkei Stock Average Futures 
 
352C00.     SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to options on Yen Denominated Nikkei Stock Average (“Yen 
Nikkei”) futures.  In addition to this chapter, options on Yen Nikkei futures shall be subject to the 
general rules and regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
352C01. 
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS 
 
352C01.A. 
Contract Months, Trading Hours, and Trading Halts 
Options contracts shall be listed for such contract months and scheduled for trading during such 
hours, except as indicated below, as may be determined by the Exchange. 
There shall be no trading in any option contract when the primary futures contract is limit bid or 
offered at any price limit except at the total daily price limit on an option’s last day of trading. 
There shall be no trading in any option contract during a period when trading in the primary futures 
contract is halted pursuant to Rule 352B02.I. 
352C01.B. 
Trading Unit 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy, in the case of the call, or to sell, in the case of the put, 
 
one Yen Denominated Nikkei Stock Average futures contract as specified in Chapter 352B. 
352C01.C. 
Minimum Fluctuations 
The price of an option shall be quoted in index points.  Each index point shall represent ¥500.  The 
minimum fluctuation shall be 1.00 index points (¥500, also known as one tick). 
352C01.D. 
Underlying Futures Contract 
1. 
Options in the March Quarterly Cycle 
For options that expire in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., March, June, September, and December), 
the underlying futures contract is the futures contract for the month in which the option expires.  For 
example, the underlying futures contract for an option that expires in March is the March futures 
contract. 
2. 
Options Not in the March Quarterly Cycle 
For options that expire in months other than those in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., January, 
February, April, May, July, August, October, and November), the underlying futures contract is the 
next futures contract in the March quarterly cycle that is nearest the expiration of the option.  For 
example, the underlying futures contract for options that expire in January or February is the March 
futures contract. 
352C01.E. 
Exercise and Exercise Prices 
Transactions and exercise of options shall be conducted for options contracts as set forth in the 
Strike Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table. 
The Exchange may modify the provisions governing the establishment of exercise prices as it 
deems appropriate. 
352C01.F.       Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 3 
352C01.G. 
[Reserved]  
352C01.H. 
[Reserved]  
352C01.I. 
Termination of Trading 
1. 
Options in the March Quarterly Cycle 
For options that expire in the March quarterly cycle, options trading shall terminate at the same 
date and time as the underlying futures contract. 
2. 
Options Not in the March Quarterly Cycle  
For options that expire in months other than those in the March quarterly cycle, options trading 
shall terminate on the second Friday of the contract month. If that day is not a scheduled Osaka 
Securities Exchange Business Day, options trading shall terminate on the first preceding business 
day.  In the event that the underlying futures market does not open on the scheduled Expiration 
Date, the option expiration shall be extended to the next day on which the underlying futures 
market is open for trading. 
352C01.J. 
[Reserved]  
352C02. 
EXERCISE AND ASSIGNMENT 
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to 
the exercise of options on Yen Denominated Nikkei Stock Average futures. 
352C02.A.     
Exercise of Option by Buyer 
352C02.A.1   
Options in the March Quarterly Cycle 
 
An option may be exercised by the buyer on any Business Day leading up to and including the day 
of determination of the Final Settlement Price of the underlying futures contract.  To exercise an 
option the clearing member representing the buyer shall present an exercise notice to the Clearing 
House by 5:30 p.m. on the day of exercise. 
An option in the March quarterly cycle that is in the money and has not been liquidated or exercised 
prior to the termination of trading shall, in the absence of contrary instructions delivered to the 
Clearing House by 5:30 p.m. on the day of determination of the Final Settlement Price by the 
clearing member representing the option buyer, be exercised automatically.  
358C02.A.2 European Style Options not in the March Quarterly Cycle 
Following the termination of trading of an option, all in-the-money options shall be automatically 
exercised by the Clearing House on the day of expiration for the option.  All out-of-the-money 
options shall be abandoned by the Clearing House on the day of expiration for the option.  Whether 
an option is in or out of the money shall be determined based on the Fixing Price of the CME Yen 
Denominated Stock Average futures on the day of expiration as follows:  
Tier 1 
The Fixing Price shall be equal to the volume-weighted average price of the Nikkei 225 
mini Futures trades executed on the Osaka Securities Exchange (“OSE”) from 2:59:30 to 3:00:00 
p.m. Osaka, Japan time. 
Tier 2 
If no transactions occur from 2:59:30 to 3:00:00 p.m., Osaka, Japan time, the Fixing Price 
shall be the average of the midpoints of each bid/ask spread in the OSE Nikkei 225 mini Futures 
contract during that thirty (30) second interval; however, bid/ask spread pairs wider than three (3) 
ticks (30 index points), shall not be included in the calculation to determine the Fixing Price.  
Tier 3 
If the Fixing Price cannot be determined pursuant to Tiers 1 and 2 above, designated 
Exchange staff shall calculate a Fixing Price based on the volume-weighted average price of the 
CME Yen Denominated Nikkei Stock Average Futures based on trades executed on the CME from 
2:59:30 to 3:00:00 p.m. Osaka, Japan time. 
Tier4 
If the Fixing Price cannot be determined pursuant to Tiers 1, 2 and 3 above, designated 
Exchange staff shall consider any other information deemed relevant to determine the Fixing Price. 
Alternatives upon which Exchange staff may determine the Fixing Price include, but are not limited 
to, the following: (1) deriving the Fixing Price based on the basis relationship to the underlying cash 
index level; or (2) deriving the Fixing Price by repeating Tier 1, Tier 2 or Tier 3 calculations at 
increasing thirty (30) second increment intervals until data is obtained. 
The calculation of the Fixing Price shall be rounded to the nearest 0.01 index points. 
In the event of an option expiring on a shortened Trading Day, the Fixing Price calculation shall be 
performed based on the market activities during the thirty-second period immediately preceding the 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 3 
close of the underlying stock market.  
An option is deemed in the money if the Fixing Price of the underlying futures contract lies at or 
above the exercise price in the case of a call, or lies strictly below the exercise price in the case of 
a put.  For example, if the Fixing Price were 12,500 or higher, then 12,500 Calls shall be 
exercised.  If the Fixing Price were strictly lower than 12,500, then 12,500 Calls shall be 
abandoned.  Similarly, if the Fixing Price were strictly lower than 12,500, then 12,500 Puts shall be 
exercised.  If the Fixing Price were 12,500 or higher, then 12,500 Puts shall be abandoned. 
European Style Options not in the March Quarterly Cycle may not be exercised prior to the 
expiration of the options.  At the expiration, in-the-money options may not be abandoned and out-
of-the-money options may not be exercised. 
352C02.B. 
Assignment 
Exercise notices accepted by the Clearing House shall be assigned through a process of random 
selection to clearing members with open short positions in the same series.  A clearing member to 
which an exercise notice is assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as practicable after such 
notice is assigned by the Clearing House, but not later than 45 minutes before the opening of 
trading in the underlying futures contract on the following Business Day. 
The clearing member assigned an exercise notice shall be assigned a short position in the 
underlying futures contract if a call is exercised or a long position if a put is exercised.  The clearing 
member representing the option buyer shall be assigned a long position in the underlying futures 
contract if a call is exercised and a short position if a put is exercised. 
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of the option and 
shall be marked to market in accordance with Rule 814 on the Trading Day of acceptance by the 
Clearing House of the exercise notice. 
352C03. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 352C) 
 


 
 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 4 
 
Chapter 353 
Micro E-mini Standard and Poor’s 500 Stock Price Index Futures  
 
35300. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Micro E-mini Standard and Poor's 500 Stock Price Index 
futures (“Micro E-mini S&P 500 Index futures” or “futures”).  In addition to this chapter, futures shall 
be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange as applicable. 
Unless otherwise specified, times referenced herein shall refer to and indicate Chicago time. 
35300.A. 
Market Decline 
For the purposes of this chapter a Market Decline shall be as defined in New York Stock Exchange 
Rule 7.12 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or in Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for 
Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
35300.B. 
Primary Listing Exchange 
For the purposes of this chapter a Primary Listing Exchange shall be as defined in the “Plan to 
Address Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission 
Pursuant to Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 
May 2012 by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), as amended from time to 
time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System Plans, File 4-631). 
35300.C. 
Regulatory Halt 
For the purposes of this chapter a Regulatory Halt shall be as defined in the “Plan to Address 
Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission Pursuant to 
Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 May 2012 
by the SEC, as amended from time to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System 
Plans, File 4-631) and as implemented under New York Stock Exchange Rule 7.12 for Trading 
Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or under Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for Trading Halts 
Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
35301. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each futures contract shall be valued at $5.00 times the Standard and Poor's 500 Stock Price Index 
(“S&P 500 Index” or “Index”).   The Index is a value-weighted composite index of prices of 
approximately 500 stocks. 
35302. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
35302.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange, provided that there shall be no trading in futures contracts 
when trading is halted in the Primary Futures Contract Month for E-mini S&P 500 Stock Price Index 
futures pursuant to Rule 35802.I.  
35302.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $5.00 times the Index. 
35302.C. 
Price Increments 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in Index points.  The minimum price increment shall be 0.25 Index 
points, equal to $1.25 per contract, except for intermonth spreads executed pursuant to Rule 
542.A., for which the minimum price increment shall be 0.05 Index points, equal to $0.25 per 
intermonth spread. 
35302.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona file commercial purposes shall apply to 
the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 


 
 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 4 
 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
35302.E. 
[Reserved] 
35302.F. 
[Reserved] 
35302.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Subject to the Interpretations & Special Notices Relating to Chapter 353, there shall be no trading 
of expiring futures contracts after the open of the Primary Listing Exchange on the day of Final 
Settlement Price determination for such contracts (Rule 35303.A.). 
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of Final Settlement Price determination 
(Rule 35303.A), trading in the expiring futures shall terminate at the close of trading on the New 
York Stock Exchange on the immediately preceding Business Day.  
35302.H. 
[Reserved] 
35302.I. 
 Price Limits and Trading Halts 
Futures trading shall be subject to Price Limits as set forth in this Rule. 
For the purpose of this Rule the Exchange shall determine, in its sole discretion, the futures 
delivery month that represents the Primary Futures Contract Month and when such Primary 
Futures Contract Month is limit bid or limit offered. 
1. Daily Determination of Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, Price Limits applicable to a futures contract for a given delivery month 
shall be calculated on the basis of the corresponding Reference Price (Rule 35302.I.1.a.) and the 
corresponding Offsets (Rule 35302.I.1.b.), as follows: 
 
7% Price Limits = Reference Price minus 7% Offset, and Reference Price plus 7% Offset 
 
13% Price Limit = Reference Price minus 13% Offset 
 
20% Price Limit = Reference Price minus 20% Offset 
1.a. Reference Prices for Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, for futures for a given delivery month, the Exchange shall set a contract  
Reference Price identical to the Reference Price determined pursuant to Rule 35802.I.1.a for E-
mini Standard and Poor’s 500 Stock Index Futures for the same Business Day. 
1.b. Offsets for Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, the Exchange shall set the 7%, 13% and 20% Offsets identical to the 
corresponding 7%, 13% and 20% Offsets for E-mini Standard and Poor’s 500 Stock Index futures 
determined pursuant to Rule 35802.I.1.b for the same Business Day.  
2. Application of Price Limits from Start of Trading Day to 8:30 a.m. 
From the start of any Trading Day until 8:30 a.m., there shall be no trading in any futures contract 
for a given delivery month at any price that is either strictly lower than or strictly higher than the 
range defined by the  7% Price Limits (Rule 35302.I.1.) applicable to such futures contract on such 
Trading Day. 
Without limitation to the foregoing, the start of any Trading Day generally shall coincide with the 
start of the CME Globex trading session at 5:00 p.m. on the evening first preceding such Trading 
Day. 
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as 
set forth in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in 
the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
3. Application of Price Limits from 8:30 a.m. to 2:25 p.m.  
3.a. Regulatory Halts 
From 8:30 a.m. until and including 2:25 p.m., or from 8:30 a.m. until and including 11:25 a.m. in the 
case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange, futures for a given delivery 
month shall be subject to the corresponding Price Limits (Rule 35302.I.1.), as follows:  
The corresponding 7% Price Limit shall apply until such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may 
declare a Regulatory Halt (Rule 35300.C.) in response to a Level 1 (7%) Market Decline in the S&P 


 
 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 4 
 
500 Index, at which time futures trading shall halt.  Futures trading shall resume 10 minutes after 
the Regulatory Halt commences on the Primary Listing Exchange, subject to the corresponding 
13% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 
2 (13%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt. Futures trading shall 
resume 10 minutes after the Regulatory Halt commences on the Primary Listing Exchange, subject 
to the corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 
3 (20%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt for the remainder of the 
trading session. 
3.b. Unscheduled Non-Regulatory Halts 
If an unscheduled trading halt that is not also a Regulatory Halt occurs on one or more Primary 
Listing Exchanges between 8:30 a.m. and 2.25 p.m., or between 8:30 a.m. and 11:25 a.m. in the 
case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange(s), then futures trading shall be 
subject to such trading halts or such price limits as the Exchange, in its sole discretion, may 
determine to be appropriate. 
4. Application of Price Limits from 2:25 p.m. to 3:00 p.m. 
From 2:25 p.m. to 3:00 p.m., or from 11:25 a.m. to noon in the case of an early scheduled close on 
the Primary Listing Exchange, trading in futures for a given delivery month shall be subject only to 
the corresponding 20% Price Limit (Rule 35302.I.1.).   
5. Application of Price Limits from 3:00 p.m. to Close of Trading Day 
From the close of trading on the Primary Listing Exchange at 3:00 p.m., or at noon in the case of an 
early scheduled close on the Primary Listing Exchange, until the close of the current Trading Day, 
trading in futures for a given delivery month shall be subject to an upper Price Limit equal to the 
corresponding Reference Price determined on the current Business Day (Rule 35302.I.1.a.) plus 
the 7% Offset determined on the current Business Day (Rule 35302.I.1.b.). 
Trading in such futures also shall be subject to a lower Price Limit set as the corresponding 
Reference Price determined on the current Business Day minus the 7% Offset determined on the 
current Business Day, provided that such lower Price Limit shall be no lower than the 20% Price 
Limit (Rule 35302.I.1.) applicable to the current Trading Day.  
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as 
set forth in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in 
the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
Without limitation to the foregoing, the close of the current Trading Day generally shall coincide with 
the close of the CME Globex trading session at 4:00 p.m. on such Trading Day. 
35303. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement. 
35303.A. 
Final Settlement Price 
For a futures contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be a special 
opening quotation of the Index.  Such special opening quotation shall be determined on the third 
Friday of such delivery month and shall be based on opening prices of the component stocks of the 
Index. 
If the Index is not scheduled to be published on the third Friday of the contract delivery month, then 
such Final Settlement Price shall be scheduled for determination on the first preceding Business 
Day on which the Index is scheduled to be published. 
If the Primary Listing Exchange for a component stock of the Index does not open on the day 
scheduled for determination of such Final Settlement Price, then for the purpose of calculating such 
Final Settlement Price the price of such component stock shall be its opening price on the next 
following day on which its Primary Listing Exchange is open for trading. 
If a component stock of the Index does not trade on the day scheduled for determination of such 
Final Settlement Price, and the Primary Listing Exchange for such stock is open for trading, then for 
the purpose of calculating such Final Settlement Price the price of such stock shall be its last sale 


 
 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 4 of 4 
 
price, provided that the Exchange in its sole discretion may instruct that the price of such stock 
shall be its opening price on the next following day that it is traded on its Primary Listing Exchange. 
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of final settlement price determination, the 
Final Settlement Price shall be the Official Index Closing Value published by the index publisher on 
the Business Day immediately preceding the original day of Final Settlement Price determination. 
35303.B. 
Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in an expiring futures contract at its termination of trading 
(Rule 35302.G.) shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in accordance 
with normal variation margin procedures based on such expiring contract’s Final Settlement Price 
(Rule 35303.A.). 
35304. 
[RESERVED]  
35305. 
[RESERVED] 
35306. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 353) 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES 
RELATING TO CHAPTER 353 
S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC directly or through one or more affiliates (collectively, "S&P") licenses the 
Exchange to use various S&P stock indices ("S&P Stock Indices") in connection with the trading of futures 
contracts and options on futures contracts based upon such indices. S&P shall have no liability for any 
damages, claims, losses or expenses caused by any errors or delays in calculating or disseminating the S&P 
Stock Indices. 
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and its affiliates (collectively, "S&P") do not guarantee the accuracy and/or 
completeness of the S&P Stock Indices or any data included therein. S&P makes no warranty, express or 
implied, as to the results to be obtained by any person or any entity from the use of the S&P Stock Indices or 
any data included therein in connection with the trading of futures contracts, options on futures contracts or 
any other use. S&P makes no express or implied warranties, and expressly disclaims all warranties of 
merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use with respect to the S&P Stock Indices or any data 
included therein. Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall S&P have any liability for any special, 
punitive, indirect, or consequential damages (including lost profits), even if notified of the possibility of such 
damages. 
 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 7 
 
Chapter 353A 
Options on Micro E-mini Standard and Poor’s 500 Stock Price IndexTM Futures 
 
353A00.  
SCOPE OF CHAPTER  
This chapter is limited in application to options on Micro E-mini Standard and Poor’s 500 Stock 
Price IndexTM futures (“Micro E-mini S&P 500 Index futures” or “futures”).  In addition to this 
chapter, options on futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange as 
applicable.  
 
Unless otherwise specified, times referenced herein shall refer to and indicate Chicago time.  
 
353A00.A. 
Primary Listing Exchange 
For the purposes of this chapter a Primary Listing Exchange shall be as defined in the “Plan to 
Address Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission 
Pursuant to Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 
May 2012 by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), as amended from time to 
time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System Plans, File 4-631). 
 
353A00.B. 
Regulatory Halt 
For the purposes of this chapter a Regulatory Halt shall be as defined in the “Plan to Address 
Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission Pursuant to 
Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 May 2012 
by the SEC, as amended from time to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System 
Plans, File 4-631) and as implemented under New York Stock Exchange Rule 80B for Trading 
Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or under Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for Trading Halts 
Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
353A01.  
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS  
353A01.A.  Contract Months, Trading Hours, and Trading Halts  
Options shall be listed for expiration on such dates and shall be scheduled for trading during such 
hours as may be determined by the Exchange, provided that there shall be no trading in options 
when trading is halted in the Primary Futures Contract Month pursuant to Rule 35802.I. 
 
In accordance with Rule 35802.I. the Exchange shall determine, in its sole discretion, the futures 
delivery month that represents such Primary Futures Contract.  
 
353A01.B. 
Trading Unit 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy in the case of a call, or to sell in the case of a put, one (1) 
Micro E-mini S&P 500 Index futures contract (Chapter 353).  
 
353A01.C. 
Minimum Fluctuations  
Option prices shall be quoted in Index points.  Each Index point shall represent $5.00 per option 
contract. 
 
Subject to Rule 353A01.C.1., the minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.25 Index points (equal to 
$1.25 per option contract), for trades executed on CME Globex electronic trading platform, 
provided that trades at price levels equal to or less than 10.00 Index points may occur at price 
levels that are integer multiples of 0.05 Index points (equal to $0.25 per option contract), and 
provided that trade may occur at a price level of 0.05 Index points irrespective of whether such 
trade results in the liquidation of positions for both parties to such trade.  For transactions submitted 
for clearing via CME ClearPort, the minimum price increment shall be 0.05 Index points, regardless 
of the price level. 
 
1.  Option Spreads and Combinations 
Any option contract that trades as a component of a spread or combination shall be traded at a 
price that conforms to the applicable minimum price fluctuation as set forth in this Rule, provided 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 7 
 
that for any option spread or combination that trades at a net premium of 10.00 Index points or 
less, each option contract comprised within such spread or combination may trade in price 
increments of 0.05 Index points. 
 
353A01.D. 
Underlying Futures Contract  
1.  American Style Options in the March Quarterly Cycle (“Quarterly options”)  
For any American style option for which the expiration month is in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., 
March, June, September, or December), the Underlying Futures Contract shall be for delivery in 
such option’s expiration month.   
 
Example:  For a given year, futures for delivery in March shall be the Underlying Futures 
Contract for a March Quarterly option. 
 
2.  European Style Weekly Options 
For any European style Weekly option, the Underlying Futures Contract shall be for delivery on the 
third Friday of the March quarterly cycle month next following such option’s expiration, subject to 
Rule 35303.A. 
 
Examples:  For a given year, futures for delivery in June shall be the Underlying Futures 
Contract for third (3rd) March, fourth (4th) March, first (1st) April, second (2nd) April, third 
(3rd) April, fourth (4th) April, first (1st) May, second (2nd) May, third (3rd) May, fourth (4th) 
May, first (1st) June, and second (2nd) June European style Weekly options.  Futures for 
delivery in September shall be the Underlying Futures Contract for third (3rd) June and 
fourth (4th) June European style Weekly options. 
 
The Exchange shall not list a European style 4th Weekly option for trading in any instance where 
such option’s expiration would occur on the last Business Day of a month. 
 
3.  European Style Monday Weekly Options 
For any European style Monday Weekly option, the Underlying Futures Contract shall be for 
delivery on the third Friday of the March quarterly cycle month next following such option’s 
expiration, subject to Rule 35303.A. 
The Exchange shall not list a European style Monday Weekly option for trading in any instance 
where such option’s expiration would occur on the last Business Day of a month. 
 
4.  European Style Tuesday Weekly Options 
For any European style Tuesday Weekly option, the Underlying Futures Contract shall be for 
delivery on the third Friday of the March quarterly cycle month next following such option’s 
expiration, subject to Rule 35303.A. 
The Exchange shall not list a European style Tuesday Weekly option for trading in any instance 
where such option’s expiration would occur on the last Business Day of a month. 
 
5.  European Style Wednesday Weekly Options 
For any European style Wednesday Weekly option, the Underlying Futures Contract shall be for 
delivery on the third Friday of the March quarterly cycle month next following such option’s 
expiration, subject to Rule 35303.A. 
The Exchange shall not list a European style Wednesday Weekly option for trading in any instance 
where such option’s expiration would occur on the last Business Day of a month. 
 
6.  European Style Thursday Weekly Options 
For any European style Thursday Weekly option, the Underlying Futures Contract shall be for 
delivery on the third Friday of the March quarterly cycle month next following such option’s 
expiration, subject to Rule 35303.A. 
The Exchange shall not list a European style Thursday Weekly option for trading in any instance 
where such option’s expiration would occur on the last Business Day of a month. 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 7 
 
 
7. 
European Style End of Month Options 
For any European style End of Month option, the Underlying Futures Contract shall be for delivery 
on the third Friday of the March quarterly cycle month next following such option’s expiration, 
subject to Rule 35303.A. 
 
Examples:  For a given year, futures for delivery in March shall be the Underlying Futures 
Contract for a January European style End of Month option and for a February European 
style End of Month option.  Futures for delivery in June shall be the Underlying Futures 
Contract for a March European style End of Month option.  
 
 
353A01.E. 
Exercise and Exercise Prices  
Transactions and exercise of options shall be conducted for options contracts as set forth in the 
Strike Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table. 
 
The Exchange may modify the provisions governing the establishment of exercise prices as it 
deems appropriate. 
 
353A01.F.  Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels  
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.  
 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion.  
 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits.  
 
353A01.G. 
Nature of Options 
Upon exercise of a put option by the buyer of such option, the seller of such option shall incur the 
obligation to assume a long position in one Underlying Futures Contract (Rule 353A01.D.) at such 
option’s exercise price (Rule 353A01.E.).  Upon exercise of a call option by the buyer of such 
option, the seller of such option shall incur the obligation to assume a short position in one 
Underlying Futures Contract at such option’s exercise price. 
 
1.  Quarterly Options 
The buyer of a Quarterly option (Rule 353A01.D.1.) may exercise such option at any time prior to 
its expiration. 
 
2.  European Style Weekly Options, European Style Monday Weekly Options, European 
Style Tuesday Weekly Options, European Style Wednesday Weekly Options, European Style 
Thursday Weekly Options, and European Style End of Month Options 
The buyer of a European style Weekly option (Rule 353A01.D.2.), a European style Monday 
Weekly option (Rule 353A01.D.3.), a European style Tuesday Weekly option (Rule 353A01.D.4.), a 
European style Wednesday Weekly option (Rule 353A01.D.5.), a European style Thursday Weekly 
option (Rule 353A01.D.6.), or a European style End of Month option (Rule 353A01.D.7.) may 
exercise such option only at its expiration. 
 
353A01.H.  [Reserved]  
 
353A01.I.  
Termination of Trading  
1. 
Quarterly Options  
Trading in any Quarterly option shall terminate on the same date and at the same time as the 
termination of trading in such option’s Underlying Futures Contract (Rule 353A01.D.1.).  
 
2. 
European Style Weekly Options 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 4 of 7 
 
Trading in any European style Weekly option shall terminate at 3:00 p.m., or at noon in the case of 
an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 353A00.A.), on the Friday 
designated by the Exchange as such option’s expiration date.  For a given calendar month: 
 
Trading shall terminate in European style First Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the first Friday of such month. 
 
Trading shall terminate in European style Second Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the second Friday of such month. 
 
Trading shall terminate in European style Third Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the third Friday of such month. 
 
Trading shall terminate in European style Fourth Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the fourth Friday of such month. 
 
 
If the market in the Underlying Futures Contract for such option does not open on the day 
scheduled for termination of option trading and for option expiration, then trading in such option 
shall terminate, and such option shall expire, on the next day on which the market in such 
Underlying Futures Contract is open for trading. 
 
3. 
European Style Monday Weekly Options 
Trading in any European style Monday Weekly option shall terminate at 3:00 p.m., or at noon in the 
case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 353A00.A.), on the 
Monday designated as such option’s expiration date.  For a given calendar month: 
Trading shall terminate in European style 1st Monday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the first Monday of such month. 
Trading shall terminate in European style 2nd Monday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the second Monday of such month 
Trading shall terminate in European style 3rd Monday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the third Monday of such month 
Trading shall terminate in European style 4th Monday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the fourth Monday of such month 
Trading shall terminate in European style 5th Monday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the fifth Monday of such month 
If the market in the Underlying Futures Contract for such option does not open on the day 
scheduled for termination of option trading and for option expiration, then trading in such option 
shall terminate, and such option shall expire, on the next day on which the market in such 
Underlying Futures Contract is open for trading. 
 
4. 
European Style Tuesday Weekly Options 
Trading in any European style Tuesday Weekly option shall terminate at 3:00 p.m., or at noon in 
the case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 353A00.A.), on the 
Tuesday designated as such option’s expiration date.  For a given calendar month: 
Trading shall terminate in European style 1st Tuesday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the first Tuesday of such month. 
Trading shall terminate in European style 2nd Tuesday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the second Tuesday of such month 
Trading shall terminate in European style 3rd Tuesday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the third Tuesday of such month 
Trading shall terminate in European style 4th Tuesday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the fourth Tuesday of such month 
Trading shall terminate in European style 5th Tuesday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the fifth Tuesday of such month 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 5 of 7 
 
If the market in the Underlying Futures Contract for such option does not open on the day 
scheduled for termination of option trading and for option expiration, then trading in such option 
shall terminate, and such option shall expire, on the next day on which the market in such 
Underlying Futures Contract is open for trading. 
 
5. 
European Style Wednesday Weekly Options 
Trading in any European style Wednesday Weekly option shall terminate at 3:00 p.m., or at noon in 
the case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 353A00.A.), on the 
Wednesday designated as such option’s expiration date.  For a given calendar month: 
Trading shall terminate in European style 1st Wednesday Weekly options, and such options 
shall expire, on the first Wednesday of such month. 
Trading shall terminate in European style 2nd Wednesday Weekly options, and such options 
shall expire, on the second Wednesday of such month 
Trading shall terminate in European style 3rd Wednesday Weekly options, and such options 
shall expire, on the third Wednesday of such month 
Trading shall terminate in European style 4th Wednesday Weekly options, and such options 
shall expire, on the fourth Wednesday of such month 
Trading shall terminate in European style 5th Wednesday Weekly options, and such options 
shall expire, on the fifth Wednesday of such month 
If the market in the Underlying Futures Contract for such option does not open on the day 
scheduled for termination of option trading and for option expiration, then trading in such option 
shall terminate, and such option shall expire, on the next day on which the market in such 
Underlying Futures Contract is open for trading. 
 
6. 
European Style Thursday Weekly Options 
Trading in any European style Thursday Weekly option shall terminate at 3:00 p.m., or at noon in 
the case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 353A00.A.), on the 
Thursday designated as such option’s expiration date.  For a given calendar month: 
Trading shall terminate in European style 1st Thursday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the first Thursday of such month. 
Trading shall terminate in European style 2nd Thursday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the second Thursday of such month 
Trading shall terminate in European style 3rd Thursday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the third Thursday of such month 
Trading shall terminate in European style 4th Thursday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the fourth Thursday of such month 
Trading shall terminate in European style 5th Thursday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the fifth Thursday of such month 
If the market in the Underlying Futures Contract for such option does not open on the day 
scheduled for termination of option trading and for option expiration, then trading in such option 
shall terminate, and such option shall expire, on the next day on which the market in such 
Underlying Futures Contract is open for trading. 
 
7. 
European Style End of Month Options 
Trading in any European style End of Month option shall terminate at 3:00 p.m., or at noon in the 
case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 353A00.A.), on the last 
Business Day of such option’s expiration month. 
 
If the market in the Underlying Futures Contract for such option does not open on the day 
scheduled for termination of option trading, then trading in such option shall terminate, and such 
option shall expire, on the next day on which the market in such Underlying Futures Contract is 
open for trading. 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 6 of 7 
 
8. 
Unscheduled Market Holiday 
Notwithstanding the aforementioned, if the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 353A00.A.) is closed in 
observance of an unscheduled market holiday on a day previously scheduled as a Business Day, 
then trading in option contracts that had been scheduled to expire on such day shall terminate, and 
such option contracts shall expire, on the Business Day immediately preceding such unscheduled 
market holiday.   
 
353A01.J.  
[Reserved] 
353A02.  
EXERCISE AND ASSIGNMENT  
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to 
the exercise of options. 
353A02.A. Exercise 
1. 
Quarterly Options 
Any Quarterly option (Rule 353A01.D.1.) may be exercised by the buyer on any Business Day on 
which such option may be traded. To exercise such option, the clearing member representing the 
option buyer shall present an exercise notice to the Clearing House by 5:30 p.m., or by such other 
time as the Exchange may designate, on the day of exercise. 
 
Any unexercised option shall expire at 5:30 p.m. on the last day of trading in such option (Rule 
353A01.I.).  Any option that is in the money, and that has not been liquidated or exercised prior to 
its termination of trading, shall be exercised automatically upon expiration, in the absence of 
contrary instructions.  Such contrary instructions must be delivered to the Clearing House, by the 
clearing member representing the buyer of such option, no later than 5:30 p.m., or at such other 
time as may be designated by the Exchange, on the last day of trading in such option. 
 
An expiring call option shall be in the money if the Final Settlement Price of such option’s 
Underlying Futures Contract (Rule 353A01.D.) on such option’s Expiration Date is strictly above 
such option’s exercise price and shall be out of the money if such settlement price is at or below 
such option’s exercise price. 
 
An expiring put option shall be in the money if the Final Settlement Price of such option’s 
Underlying Futures Contract on such option’s Expiration Date is strictly below such option’s 
exercise price and shall be out of the money if such Final Settlement Price is at or above such 
option’s exercise price. 
 
2. 
European Style Weekly Options, European Style Monday Weekly Options, European 
Style Tuesday Weekly Options, European Style Wednesday Weekly Options, European 
Style Thursday Weekly Options, and European Style End of Month Options 
 
Any European style Weekly option (Rule 353A01.D.2.), European style Monday Weekly option 
(Rule 353A01.D.3.), European style Tuesday Weekly option (Rule 353A01.D.4.), European style 
Wednesday Weekly option (Rule 353A01.D.5.), European style Thursday Weekly option (Rule 
353A01.D.6.), or End of Month option (Rule 353A01.D.7.) may be exercised only at, and not 
before, the expiration of such option.  
 
Following termination of trading in expiring options, any such option that is in the money shall be 
automatically exercised by the Clearing House, and any such option that is out of the money shall 
be abandoned by the Clearing House. For the avoidance of doubt, no such option that expires in 
the money may be abandoned, and no such option that expires out of the money may be 
exercised. 
 
Whether an option expires in the money or out of the money shall be determined by the Exchange, 
in its sole discretion, by reference to the Fixing Price of such option’s Underlying Futures Contract 
(Rule 353A01.D.).  The Exchange, in its sole discretion, shall set such Fixing Price on the last day 
of trading in such option equal to the Fixing Price of the E-mini S&P 500 Index futures pursuant to 
Rule 358A02.A as rounded to the nearest integer multiple of 0.01 Index points. 
 
An expiring call option shall be in the money if the corresponding Fixing Price is at or above such 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 7 of 7 
 
option’s exercise price and shall be out of the money if the corresponding Fixing Price is strictly 
below such option’s exercise price. 
 
An expiring put option shall be in the money if the corresponding Fixing Price is strictly below such 
option’s exercise price and shall be out of the money if the corresponding Fixing Price is at or 
above such option’s exercise price. 
 
353A02.B. 
Assignment 
For a given option contract, an exercise notice accepted by the Clearing House in accordance with 
Rule 353A02.A. shall be assigned by the Clearing House through a process of random selection to 
clearing members carrying open short positions in such option contract.  A clearing member to 
whom such exercise notice has been assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as practicable 
following such assignment. 
 
The clearing member to whom such exercise notice has been assigned shall be assigned a short 
position in such option’s Underlying Futures Contract (Rule 353A01.D.) if such option is a call, or a 
long position in such option’s Underlying Futures Contract if such option is a put.  The clearing 
member representing the option buyer making exercise shall be assigned a long position in such 
option’s Underlying Futures Contract if such option is a call, or a short position in such option’s 
Underlying Futures Contract if such option is a put. 
 
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of such option 
contract, and shall be marked to market (in accordance with Rule 814) on the Business Day on 
which the Clearing House accepts such exercise notice. 
353A03.  
[RESERVED] 
353A04.  
[RESERVED]  
(End Chapter 353A) 
 


© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 3 
 
 
Chapter 354 
USD Denominated Ibovespa Futures 
35400. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Bovespa Index (“Ibovespa”) futures.  In addition to this chapter, 
Ibovespa futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
35401. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each USD Denominated Ibovespa futures contract shall be valued at $1.00 times the Ibovespa.   
35402. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
35402.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months as 
may be determined by the Exchange. 
35402.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 1.00 USD times the Ibovespa. 
35402.C. 
Price Increments1 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in terms of the USD Denominated Ibovespa. The minimum fluctuation of 
the futures contract shall be 5 index points, equivalent to 5 USD per contract.   
35402.D.       Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set 
forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & 
Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to 
the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions 
from the specified position limits. 
35402.E. 
[Reserved] 
35402.F. 
[Reserved] 
35402.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate at the same time as the close of trading at BM&FBovespa (“BVMF”) on 
the day of determination of the Final Settlement Price.  The last trading day for USD Denominated 
Ibovespa Futures is the Wednesday closest to the 15th calendar day of the contract month.  If it is a 
non-trading day at BVMF, the last trading day shall be the next BVMF trading day. 
35402.H.       [Reserved] 
35402.I. 
Price Limits, Trading Halts, and/or Trading Hours 
For purposes of rules determining price limits and trading halts ETH refers to the Electronic Trading 
Hours of the USD Denominated Ibovespa Futures.  At the open of ETH, there shall be price limits 
corresponding to a 10.0% increase above and a 10.0% decrease below the previous day’s Ibovespa 
futures settlement price at BVMF.   
 
1 See Rule 35406.C. (BTIC Orders Minimum Price Increment) for information on the minimum price increment or Tick Size for 
BTIC Transactions.  BTIC trades that are completed are based on the closing stock index value, and will be cleared in price 
increments of 0.01 index points, because the underlying stock price index is reported to a two decimal place level of precision. 


© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 3 
 
USD Denominated Ibovespa futures price limits shall be calculated daily at the end of each ETH trading 
day based on the settlement price of Ibovespa futures (“F”) at BVMF, as follows: 
where:  
F =  Ibovespa futures daily settlement price at BVMF 
L   =  10% × F 
10.0% Price Limits 
equal 
F plus and minus L,  or   (F  ±   L),  subject to rounding 
as follows:  
If the lower price limit (F – L) is not evenly divisible by 5, then the lower price limit shall be rounded up to 
the nearest 5 point increment.  If the upper price limit (F + L) is not evenly divisible by 5, then the upper 
price limit shall be rounded down to the nearest 5 point increment.   
If there is no trading in Ibovespa futures at BVMF on a CME, Inc. trading day, then the price limits for 
USD Denominated Ibovepsa futures shall be the trading limits based on the settlement price for 
Ibovespa futures at BVMF during the most recent BVMF trading day.  Price limits and trading halts do 
not apply to the expiring USD Denominated Ibovespa futures contract during the last three trading days 
of the contract. 
35403.    SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery under the USD Denominated Ibovespa Futures contract shall be by cash settlement. 
35403.A. 
Final Settlement Price  
The Final Settlement Price shall be based on the final settlement price of Ibovespa futures at BVMF. 
35403.B. 
Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in USD Denominated Ibovespa futures contracts at the time 
of termination of trading in that contract shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing 
House in accordance with normal variation performance bond procedures based on a settlement price 
equal to the final settlement price. 
35404.- 05. [RESERVED] 
35406. 
BASIS TRADE AT INDEX CLOSE (“BTIC”) TRANSACTIONS  
All BTIC transactions must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 524.B. 
 
35406.A. 
BTIC Block Trade Requirements 
BTIC block trades must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 526. 
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed on a given Trading Day on or before the scheduled close of 
the Primary Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the Index 
closing value for the current Trading Day.  
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed on a given Trading Day after the scheduled close of the 
Primary Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the Index 
closing value for the next Trading Day. 
35406.B. 
BTIC Price Assignment Procedures 
The price assignment procedures for BTIC transactions shall follow Rule 524.B.3. 
35406.C. 
BTIC Minimum Price Increments 
The valid basis or price increment applied to the Index closing value to establish the BTIC futures price 
must be stated in full tick increments of five (5) Index points. 
35406.D. 
Market Disruption Events  
In the event of a market disruption in the Primary Listing Exchange, all pending and executed BTIC 
transactions in the corresponding futures contract shall be cancelled by the Exchange. Such disruption 
shall be declared by the Exchange in its sole discretion, and may include, without limitation, an 


© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 3 
 
unscheduled early close of the Primary Listing Exchange or a regulatory trading halt necessitating an 
early closure of the Primary Listing Exchange. 
 
 
(End Chapter 354) 
 
 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                   Page 1 of 6 
Chapter 355 
S&P 500 Growth Index Futures 
 
35500. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to S&P 500 Growth Index futures (“futures”).  In addition to this 
chapter, futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange as applicable. 
Unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate Chicago time. 
35500.A. 
Market Decline 
For the purposes of this chapter a Market Decline shall be as defined in New York Stock Exchange 
Rule 7.12 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or in Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for 
Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
35500.B. 
Primary Listing Exchange 
For the purposes of this chapter a Primary Listing Exchange shall be as defined in the “Plan to 
Address Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission 
Pursuant to Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 
May 2012 by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), as amended from time to 
time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System Plans, File 4-631). 
35500.C. 
Regulatory Halt 
For the purposes of this chapter a Regulatory Halt shall be as defined in the “Plan to Address 
Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission Pursuant to 
Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 May 2012 
by the SEC, as amended from time to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System 
Plans, File 4-631) and as implemented under New York Stock Exchange Rule 7.12 for Trading 
Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or under Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for Trading Halts 
Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
35501. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each futures contract shall be valued at $250.00 times the S&P 500 Growth Index (“Index”).   
35502. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS  
35502.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
35502.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $250.00 times the Index. 
35502.C. 
Price Increments1 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in Index points.  The minimum price increment shall be 0.10 Index 
points, equal to $25.00 per contract, except for intermonth spreads executed pursuant to Rule 
542.A., for which the minimum price increment shall be 0.05 Index points, equal to $12.50 per 
intermonth spread.  
35502.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
 
1 See Rule 35506.C. (BTIC Orders Minimum Price Increment) for information on the minimum price increment or Tick Size for 
BTIC Transactions. BTIC trades that are completed are based on the closing stock index value, and will be cleared in price 
increments of 0.01 index points, because the underlying stock index is reported to a two decimal place level precision. 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                   Page 2 of 6 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
35502.E. 
[Reserved]   
35502.F. 
[Reserved]   
35502.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Trading in expiring futures shall terminate at 3:15 p.m. on the Business Day immediately preceding 
the Business Day scheduled for determination of the Final Settlement Price (Rule 35503.A.) for 
such futures. 
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of Final Settlement Price determination 
(Rule 35503.A), trading in the expiring futures shall terminate at the close of trading on the New 
York Stock Exchange on the immediately preceding Business Day.  
35502.H. 
[Reserved]  
35502.I. 
Price Limits and Trading Halts 
Futures trading shall be subject to Price Limits as set forth in this Rule.  For the purpose of this 
Rule the Exchange shall determine, in its sole discretion, the futures delivery month that represents 
the Primary Futures Contract Month and when such Primary Futures Contract Month is limit bid or 
limit offered. 
1. Daily Determination of Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, Price Limits applicable to a futures contract for a given delivery month 
shall be calculated on the basis of the corresponding Reference Price (Rule 35502.I.1.a.) and the 
corresponding Offsets (Rule 35502.I.1.b.), as follows: 
7% Price Limits =   Reference Price minus 7% Offset, and Reference Price plus 7% Offset 
13% Price Limit = Reference Price minus 13% Offset 
20% Price Limit = Reference Price minus 20% Offset 
1.a. Reference Prices for Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, for futures for a given delivery month, the Exchange shall set a contract 
Reference Price on the first preceding Business Day, as follows: 
Tier 1 
Such Reference Price shall be based on the volume-weighted average price of transactions in such 
futures on the CME Globex electronic trading platform during the interval (i) between 2:59:30 p.m. 
and 3:00:00 p.m., or (ii) in the case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange, 
between 11:59:30 a.m. and noon, or (iii) in the event of an unscheduled early close of the Primary 
Listing Exchange, the final thirty (30) seconds of the Primary Listing Exchange trading day 
(“Reference Interval”). 
Tier 2 
If no such transaction occurs during the Reference Interval, then such Reference Price shall be 
based on the average of midpoints of bid/ask spreads for such futures quoted on CME Globex 
during the Reference Interval, provided that the Reference Price calculation shall exclude the 
midpoint value for any such bid/ask spread that is wider than 0.20 Index points (equal to two (2) 
minimum price increments). 
Tier 3 
If such Reference Price cannot be determined pursuant to Tier 1 or Tier 2, then the Exchange, in its 
sole discretion, shall set such Reference Price by alternative means which may include, but are not 
limited to, derivation by reference to the basis relationship between such futures contract’s price 
and the Index, or application of Tier 1 and Tier 2 calculations to successive time intervals of 
increasing length, in integer multiples of thirty (30) seconds, until suitable price data are obtained. 
The resultant Reference Price value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of 0.1 
Index point.  Such Reference Price, so rounded, shall be used for determination of the 
corresponding Price Limits. 
For newly listed futures for a given delivery month, the Exchange shall set, in its sole discretion, a 
Reference Price value for the purpose of determining Price Limits for the first day of trading in such 
futures.   


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                   Page 3 of 6 
1.b. Offsets for Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, the Exchange shall determine Offsets on the basis of the Index value 
(“I”) at the close of trading on the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 35500.B.) on the first preceding 
Business Day, as follows: 
7% Offset = 
7% of I  (0.07 x I)  
13% Offset = 
13% of I  
(0.13 x I)  
20% Offset = 
20% of I  
(0.20 x I)  
Each resultant Offset value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of 0.1 Index 
point.  Each such Offset, so rounded, shall be used in determination of the corresponding Price 
Limits. 
2. Application of Price Limits from Start of Trading Day to 8:30 a.m. 
From the start of any Trading Day until 8:30 a.m., there shall be no trading in futures for a given 
delivery month at any price that is either strictly lower than or strictly higher than the range defined 
by the 7% Price Limits (Rule 35502.I.1.) applicable to such futures on such Trading Day.  
Without limitation to the foregoing, the start of any Trading Day generally shall coincide with the 
start of the CME Globex trading session at 5:00 p.m. on the evening first preceding such Trading 
Day. 
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as 
set forth in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in 
the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.3. Application of Price Limits and 
Trading Halts from 8:30 a.m. to 2:25 p.m.  
Except as provided in Rules 35502.I.3.a. and 35502.I.3.b., from 8:30 a.m. until and including 2:25 
p.m., or from 8:30 a.m. until and including 11:25 a.m. in the case of an early scheduled close of the 
Primary Listing Exchange, futures for a given delivery month shall trade subject to the 
corresponding Price Limits (Rule 35502.I.1.), as follows:  
There shall be no futures trading at any price strictly lower than the corresponding 7% Price Limit, 
unless the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 7% Price Limit.  
At such time as the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, the 
Exchange shall initiate a 2-minute observation interval.  At the conclusion of such observation 
interval:  
If the Primary Futures Contract Month is not limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, futures trading shall 
continue subject to the corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
If the Primary Futures Contract Month remains limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, futures trading 
shall halt for two (2) minutes, and shall then resume subject to the corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, 
the Exchange shall initiate a 2-minute observation interval.  At the conclusion of such observation 
interval:  
If the Primary Futures Contract Month is not limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, futures trading shall 
continue subject to the corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
If the Primary Futures Contract Month remains limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, futures trading 
shall halt for two (2) minutes, and shall then resume subject to the corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
There shall be no futures trading at any price strictly lower than the corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
3.a. Regulatory Halts 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt (Rule 35500.C.) in 
response to a Level 1 (7%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt.  When 
trading resumes on the Primary Listing Exchange, futures trading shall resume subject to the 
corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 
2 (13%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt.  When trading resumes on 
the Primary Listing Exchange, futures trading shall resume subject to the corresponding 20% Price 
Limit. 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                   Page 4 of 6 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 
3 (20%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt for the remainder of the 
trading session. 
3.b. Unscheduled Non-Regulatory Halts 
If an unscheduled trading halt that is not also a Regulatory Halt occurs on one or more Primary 
Listing Exchanges between 8:30 a.m. and 2.25 p.m., or between 8:30 a.m. and 11:25 a.m. in the 
case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange(s), then futures trading shall be 
subject to such trading halts or such price limits as the Exchange, in its sole discretion, may 
determine to be appropriate.  
4. Application of Price Limits from 2:25 p.m. to 3:00 p.m. 
From 2:25 p.m. to 3:00 p.m., or from 11:25 a.m. to noon in the case of an early scheduled close on 
the Primary Listing Exchange, trading in futures for a given delivery month shall be subject only to 
the corresponding 20% Price Limit (Rule 35502.I.1.).  
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 
3 (20%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt for the remainder of the 
trading session. 
5. Application of Price Limits from 3:00 p.m. to Close of Trading Day 
From the close of trading on the Primary Listing Exchange at 3:00 p.m., or at noon in the case of an 
early scheduled close on the Primary Listing Exchange, until the close of the current Trading Day, 
trading in futures for a given delivery month shall be subject to an upper Price Limit equal to the 
corresponding Reference Price determined on the current Business Day (Rule 35502.I.1.a.) plus 
the 7% Offset determined on the current Business Day (Rule 35502.I.1.b.). 
Trading in such futures also shall be subject to a lower Price Limit set as the corresponding 
Reference Price determined on the current Business Day minus the 7% Offset determined on the 
current Business Day, provided that such lower Price Limit shall be no lower than the 20% Price 
Limit (Rule 35502.I.1.) applicable to the current Trading Day. 
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as 
set forth in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in 
the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
Without limitation to the foregoing, the close of the current Trading Day generally shall coincide with 
the close of the CME Globex trading session on such Trading Day. 
 
35503. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement. 
35503.A. 
Final Settlement Price 
For a futures contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be a special 
opening quotation of the Index.  Such special opening quotation shall be determined on the third 
Friday of such delivery month and shall be based on opening prices of the component stocks of the 
Index. 
If the Index is not scheduled to be published on the third Friday of the contract delivery month, then 
such Final Settlement Price shall be scheduled for determination on the first preceding Business 
Day on which the Index is scheduled to be published. 
If the Primary Listing Exchange does not open on the day scheduled for determination of such Final 
Settlement Price, then the Final Settlement Price shall be a special opening quotation of the Index 
on the next following day on which the Primary Listing Exchange is open for trading. 
If a component stock of the Index does not trade on the day scheduled for determination of such 
Final Settlement  Price, and the Primary Listing Exchange is open for trading, then for the purpose 
of calculating such Final Settlement Price the price of such stock shall be its closing price on the 
first preceding Primary Listing Exchange trading day, provided that the Exchange, in its sole 
discretion, may instruct that the price of such stock shall be the Primary Listing Exchange’s Official 
Opening Price of such stock on the next following Primary Listing Exchange trading day. 
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of final settlement price determination, the 
Final Settlement Price shall be the Official Index Closing Value published by the index publisher on 
the Business Day immediately preceding the original day of Final Settlement Price determination. 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                   Page 5 of 6 
35503.B. 
Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in an expiring futures contract at its termination of trading 
(Rule 35502.G.) shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in accordance 
with normal variation margin procedures based on such expiring contract’s Final Settlement Price 
(Rule 35503.A.). 
35504. 
[RESERVED] 
35505. 
[RESERVED] 
35506.  
BASIS TRADE AT INDEX CLOSE (“BTIC”) TRANSACTIONS 
 
All BTIC transactions must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 524.B. 
35506.A. 
BTIC Block Trade Requirements  
BTIC block trades must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 526.  
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed on a given Trading Day on or before the scheduled close 
of the Primary Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the 
Index closing value for the current Trading Day.  
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade that is executed on a given Trading Day after the scheduled close 
of the Primary Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the 
Index closing value for the next Trading Day. 
35506.B. 
BTIC Price Assignment Procedures  
The price assignment procedures for BTIC transactions shall follow Rule 524.B.3. 
35506.C. 
BTIC Minimum Price Increments 
The valid basis or price increment applied to the Index closing value to establish the BTIC futures 
price must be stated in full tick increments of 0.10 Index points.  
35506.D. 
Market Disruption Events  
In the event of a market disruption in the Primary Listing Exchange, all pending and executed BTIC 
transactions in the corresponding futures contract shall be cancelled by the Exchange. Such 
disruption shall be declared by the Exchange in its sole discretion, and may include, without 
limitation, an unscheduled early close of the Primary Listing Exchange or a NYSE Rule 7.12 trading 
halt declared in response to a Level 3 (20%) decline in the S&P 500 Index that necessitates an 
early close of the Primary Listing Exchange.  
 
(End of Chapter 355) 
 
 
INTERPRETATIONS AND SPECIAL NOTICES 
RELATING TO CHAPTER 355 
S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC directly or through one or more affiliates (collectively, "S&P") licenses 
the Exchange to use various S&P stock indices ("S&P Stock Indices") in connection with the 
trading of futures contracts and options on futures contracts based upon such indices. S&P shall 
have no liability for any damages, claims, losses or expenses caused by any errors or delays in 
calculating or disseminating the S&P Stock Indices. 
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and its affiliates (collectively, "S&P") do not guarantee the accuracy 
and/or completeness of the S&P Stock Indices or any data included therein. S&P makes no 
warranty, express or implied, as to the results to be obtained by any person or any entity from the 
use of the S&P Stock Indices or any data included therein in connection with the trading of futures 
contracts, options on futures contracts or any other use. S&P makes no express or implied 
warranties, and expressly disclaims all warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular 
purpose or use with respect to the S&P Stock Indices or any data included therein. Without limiting 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                   Page 6 of 6 
any of the foregoing, in no event shall S&P have any liability for any special, punitive, indirect, or 
consequential damages (including lost profits), even if notified of the possibility of such damages. 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 1 of 5 
Chapter 356 
S&P 500 Value Index Futures 
 
35600. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to S&P 500 Value Index futures (“futures”).  In addition to this 
chapter, futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange as applicable. 
Unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate Chicago time. 
35600.A. 
Market Decline 
For the purposes of this chapter a Market Decline shall be as defined in New York Stock Exchange 
Rule 7.12 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or in Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for 
Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
35600.B. 
Primary Listing Exchange 
For the purposes of this chapter a Primary Listing Exchange shall be as defined in the “Plan to 
Address Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission 
Pursuant to Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 
May 2012 by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), as amended from time to 
time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System Plans, File 4-631). 
35600.C. 
Regulatory Halt 
For the purposes of this chapter a Regulatory Halt shall be as defined in the “Plan to Address 
Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission Pursuant to 
Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 May 2012 
by the SEC, as amended from time to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System 
Plans, File 4-631) and as implemented under New York Stock Exchange Rule 7.12 for Trading 
Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or under Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for Trading Halts 
Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
35601. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each futures contract shall be valued at $250.00 times the S&P 500 Value Index (“Index”).   
35602. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS  
35602.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
35602.B. 
Trading Unit  
The unit of trading shall be $250.00 times the Index. 
35602.C. 
Price Increments 1 
Bids and offers shall be quoted Index points.  The minimum price increment shall be 0.10 Index 
points, equal to $25.00 per contract, except for intermonth spreads executed pursuant to Rule 
542.A., for which the minimum price increment shall be 0.05 Index points, equal to $12.50 per 
intermonth spread. 
35602.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
 
1 See Rule 35606.C. (BTIC Orders Minimum Price Increment) for information on the minimum price increment or Tick Size for 
BTIC Transactions. BTIC trades that are completed are based on the closing stock index value, and will be cleared in price 
increments of 0.01 index points, because the underlying stock index is reported to a two decimal place level precision. 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 2 of 5 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
35602.E. 
[Reserved] 
35602.F. 
[Reserved] 
35602.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Trading in expiring futures shall terminate at 3:15 p.m. on the Business Day immediately preceding 
the Business Day scheduled for determination of the Final Settlement Price (Rule 35603.A.) for 
such futures. 
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of Final Settlement Price determination 
(Rule 35603.A), trading in the expiring futures shall terminate at the close of trading on the New 
York Stock Exchange on the immediately preceding Business Day.  
35602.H. 
[Reserved]  
35602.I. 
Price Limits and Trading Halts 
Futures trading shall be subject to Price Limits as set forth in this Rule.  For the purpose of this 
Rule the Exchange shall determine, in its sole discretion, the futures delivery month that represents 
the Primary Futures Contract Month and when such Primary Futures Contract Month is limit bid or 
limit offered. 
1. Daily Determination of Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, Price Limits applicable to a futures contract for a given delivery month 
shall be calculated on the basis of the corresponding Reference Price (Rule 35602.I.1.a.) and the 
corresponding Offsets (Rule 35602.I.1.b.), as follows: 
7% Price Limits =   Reference Price minus 7% Offset, and Reference Price plus 7% Offset 
13% Price Limit = Reference Price minus 13% Offset 
20% Price Limit = Reference Price minus 20% Offset 
1.a. Reference Prices for Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, for futures for a given delivery month, the Exchange shall set a contract 
Reference Price on the first preceding Business Day, as follows: 
Tier 1 
Such Reference Price shall be based on the volume-weighted average price of transactions in such 
futures on the CME Globex electronic trading platform during the interval (i) between 2:59:30 p.m. 
and 3:00:00 p.m., or (ii) in the case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange, 
between 11:59:30 a.m. and noon, or (iii) in the event of an unscheduled early close of the Primary 
Listing Exchange, the final thirty (30) seconds of the Primary Listing Exchange trading day 
(“Reference Interval”). 
Tier 2 
If no such transaction occurs during the Reference Interval, then such Reference Price shall be 
based on the average of midpoints of bid/ask spreads for such futures quoted on CME Globex 
during the Reference Interval, provided that the Reference Price calculation shall exclude the 
midpoint value for any such bid/ask spread that is wider than 0.20 Index points (equal to two (2) 
minimum price increments). 
Tier 3 
If such Reference Price cannot be determined pursuant to Tier 1 or Tier 2, then the Exchange, in its 
sole discretion, shall set such Reference Price by alternative means which may include, but are not 
limited to, derivation by reference to the basis relationship between such futures contract’s price 
and the Index, or application of Tier 1 and Tier 2 calculations to successive time intervals of 
increasing length, in integer multiples of thirty (30) seconds, until suitable price data are obtained. 
The resultant Reference Price value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of 0.1 
Index point.  Such Reference Price, so rounded, shall be used for determination of the 
corresponding Price Limits. 
For newly listed futures for a given delivery month, the Exchange shall set, in its sole discretion, a 
Reference Price value for the purpose of determining Price Limits for the first day of trading in such 
futures.   


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 3 of 5 
1.b. Offsets for Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, the Exchange shall determine Offsets on the basis of the Index value 
(“I”) at the close of trading on the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 35600.B.) on the first preceding 
Business Day, as follows: 
7% Offset = 
7% of I  (0.07 x I)  
13% Offset = 
13% of I  
(0.13 x I)  
20% Offset = 
20% of I  
(0.20 x I)  
Each resultant Offset value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of 0.1 Index 
point.  Each such Offset, so rounded, shall be used in determination of the corresponding Price 
Limits. 
2. Application of Price Limits from Start of Trading Day to 8:30 a.m. 
From the start of any Trading Day until 8:30 a.m., there shall be no trading in futures for a given 
delivery month at any price that is either strictly lower than or strictly higher than the range defined 
by the 7% Price Limits (Rule 35602.I.1.) applicable to such futures on such Trading Day.  
Without limitation to the foregoing, the start of any Trading Day generally shall coincide with the 
start of the CME Globex trading session at 5:00 p.m. on the evening first preceding such Trading 
Day. 
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as 
set forth in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in 
the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
3. Application of Price Limits and Trading Halts from 8:30 a.m. to 2:25 p.m.  
Except as provided in Rules 35602.I.3.a. and 35602.I.3.b., from 8:30 a.m. until and including 2:25 
p.m., or from 8:30 a.m. until and including 11:25 a.m. in the case of an early scheduled close of the 
Primary Listing Exchange, futures for a given delivery month shall trade subject to the 
corresponding Price Limits (Rule 35602.I.1.), as follows:  
There shall be no futures trading at any price strictly lower than the corresponding 7% Price Limit, 
unless the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 7% Price Limit.  
At such time as the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, the 
Exchange shall initiate a 2-minute observation interval.  At the conclusion of such observation 
interval:  
If the Primary Futures Contract Month is not limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, futures trading shall 
continue subject to the corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
If the Primary Futures Contract Month remains limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, futures trading 
shall halt for two (2) minutes, and shall then resume subject to the corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, 
the Exchange shall initiate a 2-minute observation interval.  At the conclusion of such observation 
interval:  
If the Primary Futures Contract Month is not limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, futures trading shall 
continue subject to the corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
If the Primary Futures Contract Month remains limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, futures trading 
shall halt for two (2) minutes, and shall then resume subject to the corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
There shall be no futures trading at any price strictly lower than the corresponding 20% Price Limit.  
3.a. Regulatory Halts 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt (Rule 35600.C.) in 
response to a Level 1 (7%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt.  When 
trading resumes on the Primary Listing Exchange, futures trading shall resume subject to the 
corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 
2 (13%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt.  When trading resumes on 
the Primary Listing Exchange, futures trading shall resume subject to the corresponding 20% Price 
Limit. 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 4 of 5 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 
3 (20%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt for the remainder of the 
trading session.  
3.b. Unscheduled Non-Regulatory Halts 
If an unscheduled trading halt that is not also a Regulatory Halt occurs on one or more Primary 
Listing Exchanges between 8:30 a.m. and 2.25 p.m., or between 8:30 a.m. and 11:25 a.m. in the 
case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange(s), then futures trading shall be 
subject to such trading halts or such price limits as the Exchange, in its sole discretion, may 
determine to be appropriate.  
4. Application of Price Limits from 2:25 p.m. to 3:00 p.m. 
From 2:25 p.m. to 3:00 p.m., or from 11:25 a.m. to noon in the case of an early scheduled close on 
the Primary Listing Exchange, trading in futures for a given delivery month shall be subject only to 
the corresponding 20% Price Limit (Rule 35602.I.1.).  
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 
3 (20%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt for the remainder of the 
trading session. 
5. Application of Price Limits from 3:00 p.m. to Close of Trading Day 
From the close of trading on the Primary Listing Exchange at 3:00 p.m., or at noon in the case of an 
early scheduled close on the Primary Listing Exchange, until the close of the current Trading Day, 
trading in futures for a given delivery month shall be subject to an upper Price Limit equal to the 
corresponding Reference Price determined on the current Business Day (Rule 35602.I.1.a.) plus 
the 7% Offset determined on the current Business Day (Rule 35602.I.1.b.). 
Trading in such futures also shall be subject to a lower Price Limit set as the corresponding 
Reference Price determined on the current Business Day minus the 7% Offset determined on the 
current Business Day, provided that such lower Price Limit shall be no lower than the 20% Price 
Limit (Rule 35602.I.1.) applicable to the current Trading Day. 
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as 
set forth in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in 
the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
Without limitation to the foregoing, the close of the current Trading Day generally shall coincide with 
the close of the CME Globex trading session on such Trading Day. 
35603. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement. 
35603.A. 
Final Settlement Price  
For a futures contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be a special 
opening quotation of the Index.  Such special opening quotation shall be determined on the third 
Friday of such delivery month and shall be based on opening prices of the component stocks of the 
Index. 
If the Index is not scheduled to be published on the third Friday of the contract delivery month, then 
such Final Settlement Price shall be scheduled for determination on the first preceding Business 
Day on which the Index is scheduled to be published. 
If the Primary Listing Exchange does not open on the day scheduled for determination of such Final 
Settlement Price, then the Final Settlement Price shall be a special opening quotation of the Index 
on the next following day on which the Primary Listing Exchange is open for trading. 
If a component stock of the Index does not trade on the day scheduled for determination of such 
Final Settlement  Price, and the Primary Listing Exchange is open for trading, then for the purpose 
of calculating such Final Settlement Price the price of such stock shall be its closing price on the 
first preceding Primary Listing Exchange trading day, provided that the Exchange, in its sole 
discretion, may instruct that the price of such stock shall be the Primary Listing Exchange’s Official 
Opening Price of such stock on the next following Primary Listing Exchange trading day. 
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of final settlement price determination, the 
Final Settlement Price shall be the Official Index Closing Value published by the index publisher on 
the Business Day immediately preceding the original day of Final Settlement Price determination. 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 5 of 5 
35603.B. 
Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in an expiring futures contract at its termination of trading 
(Rule 35602.G.) shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in accordance 
with normal variation margin procedures based on such expiring contract’s Final Settlement Price 
(Rule 35603.A.). 
35604. 
[RESERVED] 
35605.  
[RESERVED] 
35606.  
BASIS TRADE AT INDEX CLOSE (“BTIC”) TRANSACTIONS 
 
All BTIC transactions must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 524.B. 
 
  
 
35606.A. 
BTIC Block Trade Requirements 
BTIC block trades must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 526.  
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed on a given Trading Day on or before the scheduled close 
of the Primary Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the 
Index closing value for the current Trading Day. For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed on a 
given Trading Day after the scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange, the corresponding 
futures price shall be made by reference to the Index closing value for the next Trading Day. 
 
35606.B. 
BTIC Price Assignment Procedures 
The price assignment procedures for BTIC transactions shall follow Rule 524.B.3. 
35606.C. 
BTIC Minimum Price Increments 
The valid basis or price increment applied to the Index closing value to establish the BTIC futures 
price must be stated in full tick increments of 0.10 index points. 
35606.D. 
Market Disruption Events  
In the event of a market disruption in the Primary Listing Exchange, all pending and executed BTIC 
transactions in the corresponding futures contract shall be cancelled by the Exchange. Such 
disruption shall be declared by the Exchange in its sole discretion, and may include, without 
limitation, an unscheduled early close of the Primary Listing Exchange or a NYSE Rule 7.12 trading 
halt declared in response to a Level 3 (20%) decline in the S&P 500 Index that necessitates an 
early close of the Primary Listing Exchange.  
 
 
 
(End Chapter 356) 
 
INTERPRETATIONS AND SPECIAL NOTICES  
RELATING TO CHAPTER 356 
S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC directly or through one or more affiliates (collectively, "S&P") licenses the 
Exchange to use various S&P stock indices ("S&P Stock Indices") in connection with the trading of futures 
contracts and options on futures contracts based upon such indices. S&P shall have no liability for any 
damages, claims, losses or expenses caused by any errors or delays in calculating or disseminating the S&P 
Stock Indices. 
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and its affiliates (collectively, "S&P") do not guarantee the accuracy and/or 
completeness of the S&P Stock Indices or any data included therein. S&P makes no warranty, express or 
implied, as to the results to be obtained by any person or any entity from the use of the S&P Stock Indices or 
any data included therein in connection with the trading of futures contracts, options on futures contracts or 
any other use. S&P makes no express or implied warranties, and expressly disclaims all warranties of 
merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use with respect to the S&P Stock Indices or any data 
included therein. Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall S&P have any liability for any special, 
punitive, indirect, or consequential damages (including lost profits), even if notified of the possibility of such 
damages 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 3 
Chapter 357 
S&P 500 Total Return Index Futures 
 
35700. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to S&P 500 Total Return Index futures (“futures”). In addition to 
this chapter, futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange as 
applicable. 
Unless otherwise specified, times referenced herein shall refer to and indicate Chicago time. 
35700.A. 
Market Decline 
For the purposes of this chapter a Market Decline shall be as defined in New York Stock Exchange 
Rule 80B for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or in Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for 
Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
35700.B. 
Primary Listing Exchange 
For the purposes of this chapter a Primary Listing Exchange shall be as defined in the “Plan to 
Address Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission 
Pursuant to Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 
May 2012 by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), as amended from time to 
time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System Plans, File 4-631). 
35700.C. 
Regulatory Halt 
For the purposes of this chapter a Regulatory Halt shall be as defined in the “Plan to Address 
Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission Pursuant to 
Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 May 2012 
by the SEC, as amended from time to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System 
Plans, File 4-631) and as implemented under New York Stock Exchange Rule 80B for Trading 
Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or under Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for Trading Halts 
Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
35701. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each futures contract shall be valued at $25.00 times the S&P 500 Total Return Index (“Index”). 
35702. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
35702.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange, provided that there shall be no trading in futures contracts 
when trading is halted in the Primary Futures Contract Month for E-mini S&P 500 Stock Price Index 
futures pursuant to Rule 35802.I.  
35702.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $25.00 times the Index. 
35702.C. 
Price Increments 
Subject to the Interpretations & Special Notices Relating to Chapter 357, bids and offers shall be 
quoted in Index points, and the minimum price increment shall be 0.05 Index points, equal to $1.25 
per contract. 
35702.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona file commercial purposes shall apply to 
the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
35702.E. 
[Reserved] 
35702.F. 
[Reserved] 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 3 
35702.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Subject to the Interpretations & Special Notices Relating to Chapter 357, there shall be no trading 
of expiring futures contracts after the open of the Primary Listing Exchange on the day of Final 
Settlement Price determination for such contracts (Rule 35703.A.). 
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of Final Settlement Price determination 
(Rule 35703.A), trading in the expiring futures shall terminate at the close of trading on the New 
York Stock Exchange on the immediately preceding Business Day.  
35702.H. 
[Reserved] 
35702.I. 
[Reserved]  
       
35703. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement. 
35703.A. 
Final Settlement Price 
For a futures contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be a special 
opening quotation of the Index.  Such special opening quotation shall be determined on the third 
Friday of such delivery month and shall be based on opening prices of the component stocks of the 
Index. 
If the Index is not scheduled to be published on the third Friday of the contract delivery month, then 
such Final Settlement Price shall be scheduled for determination on the first preceding Business 
Day on which the Index is scheduled to be published. 
If the Primary Listing Exchange for a component stock of the Index does not open on the day 
scheduled for determination of such Final Settlement Price, then for the purpose of calculating such 
Final Settlement Price the price of such component stock shall be its opening price on the next 
following day on which its Primary Listing Exchange is open for trading. 
If a component stock of the Index does not trade on the day scheduled for determination of such 
Final Settlement Price, and the Primary Listing Exchange for such stock is open for trading, then for 
the purpose of calculating such Final Settlement Price the price of such stock shall be its last sale 
price, provided that the Exchange in its sole discretion may instruct that the price of such stock 
shall be its opening price on the next following day that it is traded on its Primary Listing Exchange. 
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of final settlement price determination, the 
Final Settlement Price shall be the Official Index Closing Value published by the index publisher on 
the Business Day immediately preceding the original day of Final Settlement Price determination. 
35703.B. 
Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in an expiring futures contract at its termination of trading 
(Rule 35702.G.) shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in accordance 
with normal variation margin procedures based on such expiring contract’s Final Settlement Price 
(Rule 35703.A.). 
35704. 
[RESERVED]  
35705. 
[RESERVED] 
35706. 
BASIS TRADE AT INDEX CLOSE (“BTIC”) TRANSACTIONS 
All BTIC transactions must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 524.B. 
35706.A. BTIC Block Trade Requirements  
 
BTIC block trades must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 526. For a BTIC 
or BTIC block trade executed on a given Trading Day on or before the scheduled close of the 
Primary Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the Index 
closing value for the current Trading Day. For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed on a given 
Trading Day after the scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures 
price shall be made by reference to the Index closing value for the next Trading Day. 
35706.B. BTIC Price Assignment Procedures  
The price assignment procedures for BTIC transactions shall follow Rule 524.B.3. 
35706.C. BTIC Minimum Price Increments  
The minimum price increment shall be 0.05 Index points, equal to $1.25 per contract, for any basis 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 3 
adjustment that is applied to an Index closing price to establish a BTIC transaction price.  
35706.D. 
Market Disruption Events  
In the event of a market disruption in the Primary Listing Exchange, all pending and executed BTIC 
transactions in the corresponding futures contract shall be cancelled by the Exchange. Such 
disruption shall be declared by the Exchange in its sole discretion, and may include, without 
limitation, an unscheduled early close of the Primary Listing Exchange or a NYSE Rule 7.12 trading 
halt declared in response to a Level 3 (20%) decline in the S&P 500 Index that necessitates an 
early close of the Primary Listing Exchange.  
 
(End Chapter 357) 
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES RELATING TO CHAPTER 357 
1. Trading Specifications 
Until such time as the Exchange shall enable outright trading in futures contracts made under these Rules, 
trading shall be permitted only where such futures contracts are traded through Basis Trade at Index Close 
transactions, pursuant to Rules 524.B. (Basis Trade at Index Close (“BTIC”) Transactions) and Rules 35706. of 
this Chapter, provided that in any instance where such futures contracts are traded as the futures component of 
an EFRP transaction, pursuant to Rule 538. (Exchange for Related Positions), the price of such futures contracts 
may be made either in Index terms outright, pursuant to Rules 35702. of this Chapter, or in BTIC terms, pursuant 
to Rules 524.B. and Rules 35706. of this Chapter. 
Trading in an expiring futures contract shall terminate at the scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange on 
the Exchange business day first preceding the day of Final Settlement Price determination for such futures 
contract. 
DISCLAIMER 
S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC directly or through one or more affiliates (collectively, "S&P") licenses the 
Exchange to use various S&P stock indices ("S&P Stock Indices") in connection with the trading of futures 
contracts and options on futures contracts based upon such indices. S&P shall have no liability for any 
damages, claims, losses or expenses caused by any errors or delays in calculating or disseminating the 
S&P Stock Indices. 
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and its affiliates (collectively, "S&P") do not guarantee the accuracy and/or 
completeness of the S&P Stock Indices or any data included therein. S&P makes no warranty, express or 
implied, as to the results to be obtained by any person or any entity from the use of the S&P Stock Indices or 
any data included therein in connection with the trading of futures contracts, options on futures contracts or 
any other use. S&P makes no express or implied warranties, and expressly disclaims all warranties of 
merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use with respect to the S&P Stock Indices or any data 
included therein. Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall S&P have any liability for any 
special, punitive, indirect, or consequential damages (including lost profits), even if notified of the possibility 
of such damages. 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 4 
Chapter 357B 
Adjusted Interest Rate S&P 500 Total Return Index Futures 
 
357B00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Adjusted Interest Rate S&P 500 Total Return Index futures 
(“AIR S&P500 TRF” or “futures”). 
The AIR S&P 500 TRF valuation has three components; an equity index component, a daily 
Benchmark financing component and a financing spread adjustment component. 
AIR S&P 500 TRF = (Equity Index – Accrued Financing) + Financing Spread Adjustment 
In addition to this chapter, futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the 
Exchange as applicable. 
Unless otherwise specified, times referenced herein shall refer to and indicate Chicago time. 
357B00.A. 
Market Decline 
For the purposes of this chapter a Market Decline shall be as defined in New York Stock Exchange 
Rule 7.12 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or in Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for 
Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
357B00.B. 
Primary Listing Exchange 
For the purposes of this chapter a Primary Listing Exchange shall be as defined in the “Plan to 
Address Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission 
Pursuant to Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 
May 2012 by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), as amended from time to 
time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System Plans, File 4-631). 
357B00.C. 
Regulatory Halt 
For the purposes of this chapter a Regulatory Halt shall be as defined in the “Plan to Address 
Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission Pursuant to 
Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 May 2012 
by the SEC, as amended from time to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System 
Plans, File 4-631) and as implemented under New York Stock Exchange Rule 7.12 for Trading 
Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or under Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for Trading Halts 
Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
357B01. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
The contract structure is subject to the following definitions:  
1. 
Definitions 
a. 
Equity Index shall mean S&P 500 Total Return Index (“SPTR Index”, “SPTR” or 
“Index”); 
b. 
Index Close shall mean the official index closing value of the Equity Index for a 
particular trading day based on the closing price of the constituent stocks in the index 
as disseminated by the Index Administrator; 
c. 
Index Administrator shall mean the Standard & Poor’s Dow Jones Indices, who is 
responsible for the calculation and dissemination of the Equity Index; 
d. 
Benchmark Funding Reference Rate shall mean the Overnight Effective Federal 
Funds Rate (EFFR) published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on the 
current business day of the value on the previous business day, expressed on per 
annum basis; 
e. 
Cash Market Settlement Day shall mean the settlement day of an equity trade 
corresponding to a trading day, as scheduled by the DTCC; 
f. 
Daily Financing Period shall mean the length of time in years between the Cash 
Market Settlement Day of the previous business day and the Cash Market Settlement 
Day of the current day, using the ACT/360 day count convention; 
g. 
Time to Maturity shall mean the length of time between the Cash Market Settlement 
Day of the current day and the Cash Market Settlement Day of the day of final 
settlement price determination of the contract, expressed in years using the ACT/360 
day count convention; 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 4 
h. 
Daily Financing Amount shall mean the following value: 
Previous Business day’s Index Close x Daily Financing Period x Benchmark 
Funding Reference Rate  
i. 
Accrued Financing shall mean cumulative value of the Daily Financing Amount 
since the listing of a contract.  On the first day of trading, CME Clearing shall 
determine and publish the initial value of the Accrued Financing for the contract.  
Thereafter, on each business day, the Accrued Financing of the contract shall be 
determined by adding the current day’s Daily Financing Amount to the Accrued 
Financing of the contract as of the previous business day; 
j. 
TRF Spread Price (or Total Return Futures Spread Price, or Financing Spread 
Price) shall mean an interest rate spread, expressed on per annum basis, above or 
below the Benchmark Funding Reference Rate; 
k. 
Absolute Price shall mean the price of the futures contract by converting the TRF 
Spread Price using the Pricing Formula with the appropriate Index Value, Time to 
Maturity, and TRF Spread Price as inputs; 
l. 
Financing Spread Adjustment shall mean the value determined by following 
formula: 
Index Close (of Current Business Day) x TRF Spread Price x Time to 
Maturity 
2. 
For purpose of this chapter, Pricing Formula shall mean the following formula: 
 
 
Equity Index – Accrued Financing + Financing Spread Adjustment 
3. 
For trades pursuant to 357B06. BTIC Transactions, the Exchange shall apply the Pricing 
Formula to trades consummated using TRF Spread Prices to determine the Absolute Price, 
subject to rounding to the nearest Price Increment.  For trades pursuant to Exchanges For 
Related Positions, trade counterparties shall submit to CME Clearing the Absolute Price 
agreed upon by the counterparties. 
357B02. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
357B02.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange, provided that there shall be no trading in futures contracts 
when trading is halted in the Primary Futures Contract Month for E-mini Standard and Poor’s 500 
Stock Price Index futures pursuant to Rule 35802.I. 
357B02.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $25.00 times the Adjusted Interest Rate S&P 500 Total Return Futures. 
357B02.C. 
Price Increments 
The price for the AIR S&P 500 TRF shall be in index points. The minimum price fluctuation shall be 
0.01 index points. 
The quoting notation for the AIR S&P 500 TRF Spread will be expressed in basis points and shall 
be transacted via BTIC (rule 357B06). The minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.5 basis points. 
357B02.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona file commercial purposes shall apply to 
the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
357B02.E. 
[Reserved] 
357B02.F. 
[Reserved] 
357B02.G. 
Termination of Trading 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 4 
Trading in expiring futures shall terminate at the regularly scheduled start of trading on the Primary 
Listing Exchange on the Business Day scheduled for determination of the Final Settlement Price 
(Rule 35703.A.) for such futures. 
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of Final Settlement Price determination 
(Rule 357B03.A), trading in the expiring futures shall terminate at the close of trading on the New 
York Stock Exchange on the immediately preceding Business Day.  
357B02.H. 
[Reserved] 
357B02.I. 
Price Limits and Trading Halts 
There shall be no trading of AIR S&P 500 TRF when trading is restricted as set forth in Rule 
35802.I. 
357B03. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement. 
357B03.A. 
Final Settlement Price 
For a futures contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be determined 
based using the Pricing Formula, with the special opening quotation of the S&P 500 Total Return 
Index (SPTR SOQ) in place of the Index Close. For the avoidance of doubt, the Final Settlement 
Price shall be  
SPTR SOQ – Accrued Financing on Day of Final Settlement Price Determination 
Note that Time to Maturity on the day of Final Settlement Price Determination shall be zero, and the 
Financing Spread Adjustment shall be zero. 
Such special opening quotation (SOQ) shall be determined on the third Friday of such delivery 
month and shall be based on opening prices of the component stocks of the Index. 
If the Index is not scheduled to be published on the third Friday of the contract delivery month, then 
such Final Settlement Price shall be scheduled for determination on the first preceding Business 
Day on which the Index is scheduled to be published. 
If the Primary Listing Exchange for a component stock of the Index does not open on the day 
scheduled for determination of such Final Settlement Price, then for the purpose of calculating such 
special opening quotation price of the Index the price of such component stock shall be its opening 
price on the next following day on which its Primary Listing Exchange is open for trading. 
If a component stock of the Index does not trade on the day scheduled for determination of such 
Final Settlement Price, and the Primary Listing Exchange for such stock is open for trading, then for 
the purpose of calculating such special opening quotation price of the Index the price of such stock 
shall be its last sale price, provided that the Exchange in its sole discretion may instruct that the 
price of such stock shall be its opening price on the next following day that it is traded on its 
Primary Listing Exchange. 
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of final settlement price determination, the 
Final Settlement Price shall be the Official Index Closing Value published by the index publisher on 
the Business Day immediately preceding the original day of Final Settlement Price determination. 
357B03.B. 
Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in an expiring futures contract at its termination of trading 
(Rule 357B02.G.) shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in 
accordance with normal variation margin procedures based on such expiring contract’s Final 
Settlement Price (Rule 357B03.A.). 
357B04. 
[RESERVED] 
 
357B05. 
[RESERVED] 
 
357B06. 
BASIS TRADE AT INDEX CLOSE (“BTIC”) TRANSACTIONS 
All BTIC transactions must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 524.B. 
357B06.A. BTIC Block Trade Requirements 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 4 of 4 
BTIC block trades must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 526.  
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed on a given Trading Day on or before the scheduled close 
of the Primary Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the 
Index closing value for the current Trading Day.  
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed after the scheduled close of the Primary Listing 
Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the Index closing value 
for the next Trading Day. 
357B06.B. BTIC Price Assignment Procedures 
The price assignment procedures for BTIC transactions shall follow Rule 524.B.3. 
357B06.C. BTIC Minimum Price Increments 
The minimum price increment shall be 0.50 basis points, per contract, for any basis adjustment that 
is applied to an Index closing price to establish a BTIC transaction price. 
357B06.D. Market Disruption Events 
In the event of a market disruption in the Primary Listing Exchange, all pending and executed BTIC 
transactions in the corresponding futures contract shall be cancelled by the Exchange. Such 
disruption shall be declared by the Exchange in its sole discretion, and may include, without 
limitation, an unscheduled early close of the Primary Listing Exchange or a NYSE Rule 7.12 trading 
halt declared in response to a Level 3 (20%) decline in the S&P 500 Index that necessitates an 
early close of the Primary Listing Exchange.  
357B06.E. [Reserved] 
 
(End Chapter 357B) 
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES RELATING TO CHAPTER 357B 
1. Trading Specifications 
Until such time as the Exchange shall enable outright trading in futures contracts made under these Rules, 
trading shall be permitted only where such futures contracts are traded through Basis Trade at Index Close 
transactions, pursuant to Rules 524.B. (Basis Trade at Index Close (“BTIC”) Transactions) and Rules 35706. of 
this Chapter, provided that in any instance where such futures contracts are traded as the futures component of 
an EFRP transaction, pursuant to Rule 538. (Exchange for Related Positions), the price of such futures contracts 
may be made either in Index terms outright, pursuant to Rules 35702. of this Chapter, or in BTIC terms, pursuant 
to Rules 524.B. and Rules 35706. of this Chapter. 
Trading in an expiring futures contract shall terminate at the scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange on 
the Exchange business day first preceding the day of Final Settlement Price determination for such futures 
contract. 
 
 
 
DISCLAIMER 
Standard & Poor's, a division of the McGraw–Hill Companies, Inc. ("S&P"), licenses the Exchange to use various 
S&P stock indices ("S&P Stock Indices") in connection with the trading of futures contracts and options on 
futures contracts based upon such indices.  S&P shall have no liability for damages, claims, losses or expenses 
caused by any errors or delays in calculating or disseminating the S&P Stock Indices. 
Standard & Poor's, a division of the McGraw–Hill Companies, Inc. ("S&P"), does not guarantee the accuracy 
and/or completeness of the S&P Stock Indices or any data included therein.  S&P makes no warranty, express or 
implied, as to the results to be obtained by any person or any entity from the use of the S&P Stock Indices or any 
data included therein in connection with the trading of futures contracts, options on futures contracts and any 
other use.  S&P makes no express or implied warranties, and expressly disclaims all warranties of 
merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use with respect to the S&P Stock Indices or any data 
included therein.  Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall S&P have any liability for any special, 
punitive, indirect or consequential damages (including lost profits), even if notified of the possibility of such 
damages. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 6 
Chapter 358 
E-mini Standard and Poor's 500 Stock Price Index Futures 
 
35800. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to E-mini Standard and Poor's 500 Stock Price Index futures 
(“E-mini S&P 500 Index futures” or “futures”).  In addition to this chapter, futures shall be subject to 
the general rules and regulations of the Exchange as applicable. 
Unless otherwise specified, times referenced herein shall refer to and indicate Chicago time. 
35800.A. 
Market Decline 
For the purposes of this chapter a Market Decline shall be as defined in New York Stock Exchange 
Rule 7.12 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or in Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for 
Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
35800.B. 
Primary Listing Exchange 
For the purposes of this chapter a Primary Listing Exchange shall be as defined in the “Plan to 
Address Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission 
Pursuant to Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 
May 2012 by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), as amended from time to 
time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System Plans, File 4-631). 
35800.C. 
Regulatory Halt 
For the purposes of this chapter a Regulatory Halt shall be as defined in the “Plan to Address 
Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission Pursuant to 
Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 May 2012 
by the SEC, as amended from time to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System 
Plans, File 4-631) and as implemented under New York Stock Exchange Rule 7.12 for Trading 
Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or under Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for Trading Halts 
Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
35801. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each futures contract shall be valued at $50.00 times the Standard and Poor's 500 Stock Price 
Index (“S&P 500 Index” or “Index”).   The Index is a value-weighted composite index of prices of 
approximately 500 stocks. 
35802. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
35802.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months as may be 
determined by the Exchange. 
35802.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $50.00 times the Index. 
35802.C. 
Price Increments 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in Index points.  The minimum price increment shall be 0.25 Index 
points, equal to $12.50 per contract, except for intermonth spreads executed pursuant to Rule 
542.A., for which the minimum price increment shall be 0.05 Index points, equal to $2.50 per 
intermonth spread. 
35802.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 6 
35802.E. 
[Reserved]  
35802.F. 
[Reserved] 
35802.G. 
Termination of Trading  
Trading in expiring futures shall terminate at the regularly scheduled start of trading on the New 
York Stock Exchange on the Business Day scheduled for determination of the Final Settlement 
Price (Rule 35803.A.) for such futures. 
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of Final Settlement Price determination 
(Rule 35803.A), trading in the expiring futures shall terminate at the close of trading on the New 
York Stock Exchange on the immediately preceding Business Day.  
35802.H. 
[Reserved]  
35802.I. 
Price Limits and Trading Halts  
Futures trading shall be subject to Price Limits as set forth in this Rule. 
For the purpose of this Rule the Exchange shall determine, in its sole discretion, the futures 
delivery month that represents the Primary Futures Contract Month and when such Primary 
Futures Contract Month is limit bid or limit offered. 
1. Daily Determination of Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, Price Limits applicable to a futures contract for a given delivery month 
shall be calculated on the basis of the corresponding Reference Price (Rule 35802.I.1.a.) and the 
corresponding Offsets (Rule 35802.I.1.b.), as follows: 
 
7% Price Limits = Reference Price minus 7% Offset, and Reference Price plus 7% Offset 
 
13% Price Limit =  Reference Price minus 13% Offset 
 
20% Price Limit =  Reference Price minus 20% Offset 
1.a. Reference Prices for Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, for futures for a given delivery month, the Exchange shall set a contract 
Reference Price on the first preceding Business Day, as follows: 
Tier 1 
 
Such Reference Price shall be based on the volume-weighted average price of transactions in such 
futures on the CME Globex electronic trading platform during the interval (i) between 2:59:30 p.m. 
and 3:00:00 p.m., or (ii) in the case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange, 
between 11:59:30 a.m. and noon, or (iii) in the event of an unscheduled early close of the Primary 
Listing Exchange, the final thirty (30) seconds of the Primary Listing Exchange trading day 
(“Reference Interval”). 
Tier 2 
 
If no such transaction occurs during the reference interval, then such Reference Price shall be 
based on the average of midpoints of bid/ask spreads for such futures quoted on CME Globex 
during the reference interval, provided that the Reference Price calculation shall exclude the 
midpoint value for any such bid/ask spread that is wider than 0.50 Index points (equal to two (2) 
minimum price increments).   
Tier 3 
 
If such Reference Price cannot be determined pursuant to Tier 1 or Tier 2, then the Exchange, in its 
sole discretion, shall set such Reference Price by alternative means which may include, but are not 
limited to, derivation by reference to the basis relationship between such futures contract’s price 
and the Index, or application of Tier 1 and Tier 2 calculations to successive time intervals of 
increasing length, in integer multiples of thirty (30) seconds, until suitable price data are obtained. 
The resultant Reference Price value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of 0.50 
Index points. Such Reference Price, so rounded, shall be used for determination of the 
corresponding Price Limits. 
For newly listed futures for a given delivery month, the Exchange shall set, in its sole discretion, a 
Reference Price value for the purpose of determining Price Limits for the first day of trading in such 
futures.   
1.b. Offsets for Price Limits 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 6 
For a given Business Day, the Exchange shall determine Offsets on the basis of the Index value 
(“I”) at the close of trading on the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 35800.B.) on the first preceding 
Business Day, as follows: 
 
7% Offset = 
7% of I  (0.07 x I)  
 
13% Offset = 
13% of I  
(0.13 x I)  
 
20% Offset = 
20% of I  
(0.20 x I)  
Each resultant Offset value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of 0.50 Index 
points. Each such Offset, so rounded, shall be used in determination of the corresponding Price 
Limits. 
2. Application of Price Limits from Start of Trading Day to 8:30 a.m. 
From the start of any Trading Day until 8:30 a.m., there shall be no trading in any futures contract 
for a given delivery month at any price that is either strictly lower than or strictly higher than the 
range defined by the 7% Price Limits (Rule 35802.I.1.) applicable to such futures contract on such 
Trading Day. 
Without limitation to the foregoing, the start of any Trading Day generally shall coincide with the 
start of the CME Globex trading session at 5:00 p.m. on the evening first preceding such Trading 
Day.    
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as 
set forth in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in 
the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.  
3. Application of Price Limits from 8:30 a.m. to 2:25 p.m.  
3.a. Regulatory Halts 
From 8:30 a.m. until and including 2:25 p.m., or from 8:30 a.m. until and including 11:25 a.m. in the 
case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange, futures for a given delivery 
month shall be subject to the corresponding Price Limits (Rule 35802.I.1.), as follows:  
The corresponding 7% Price Limit shall apply until such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may 
declare a Regulatory Halt (Rule 35800.C.) in response to a Level 1 (7%) Market Decline in the S&P 
500 Index, at which time futures trading shall halt.  Futures trading shall resume 10 minutes after 
the Regulatory Halt commences on the Primary Listing Exchange, subject to the corresponding 
13% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 
2 (13%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt. Futures trading shall 
resume 10 minutes after the Regulatory Halt commences on the Primary Listing Exchange, subject 
to the corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 
3 (20%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt for the remainder of the 
trading session. 
3.b. Unscheduled Non-Regulatory Halts 
If an unscheduled trading halt that is not also a Regulatory Halt occurs on one or more Primary 
Listing Exchanges between 8:30 a.m. and 2.25 p.m., or between 8:30 a.m. and 11:25 a.m. in the 
case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange(s), then futures trading shall be 
subject to such trading halts or such price limits as the Exchange, in its sole discretion, may 
determine to be appropriate. 
4. Application of Price Limits from 2:25 p.m. to 3:00 p.m. 
From 2:25 p.m. to 3:00 p.m., or from 11:25 a.m. to noon in the case of an early scheduled close on 
the Primary Listing Exchange, trading in futures for a given delivery month shall be subject only to 
the corresponding 20% Price Limit (Rule 35802.I.1.).   
5. Application of Price Limits from 3:00 p.m. to Close of Trading Day 
From the close of trading on the Primary Listing Exchange at 3:00 p.m., or at noon in the case of an 
early scheduled close on the Primary Listing Exchange, until the close of the current Trading Day, 
trading in futures for a given delivery month shall be subject to an upper Price Limit equal to the 
corresponding Reference Price determined on the current Business Day (Rule 35802.I.1.a.) plus 
the 7% Offset determined on the current Business Day (Rule 35802.I.1.b.). 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 4 of 6 
Trading in such futures also shall be subject to a lower Price Limit set as the corresponding 
Reference Price determined on the current Business Day minus the 7% Offset determined on the 
current Business Day, provided that such lower Price Limit shall be no lower than the 20% Price 
Limit (Rule 35802.I.1.) applicable to the current Trading Day.  
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as 
set forth in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in 
the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.  
Without limitation to the foregoing, the close of the current Trading Day generally shall coincide with 
the close of the CME Globex trading session at 4:00 p.m. on such Trading Day. 
35803. SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement. 
35803.A. 
Final Settlement Price 
For a futures contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be a special 
opening quotation of the Index.  Such special opening quotation shall be determined on the third 
Friday of such delivery month and shall be based on opening prices of the component stocks of the 
Index. 
If the Index is not scheduled to be published on the third Friday of the contract delivery month, then 
such Final Settlement Price shall be scheduled for determination on the first preceding Business 
Day on which the Index is scheduled to be published. 
If the Primary Listing Exchange for a component stock of the Index does not open on the day 
scheduled for determination of such Final Settlement Price, then for the purpose of calculating such 
Final Settlement Price the price of such component stock shall be its opening price on the next 
following day on which its Primary Listing Exchange is open for trading. 
If a component stock of the Index does not trade on the day scheduled for determination of such 
Final Settlement Price, and the Primary Listing Exchange for such stock is open for trading, then for 
the purpose of calculating such Final Settlement Price the price of such stock shall be its last sale 
price, provided that the Exchange in its sole discretion may instruct that the price of such stock 
shall be its opening price on the next following day that it is traded on its Primary Listing Exchange. 
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of final settlement price determination, the 
Final Settlement Price shall be the Official Index Closing Value published by the index publisher on 
the Business Day immediately preceding the original day of Final Settlement Price determination. 
35803.B. 
Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in an expiring futures contract at its termination of trading 
(Rule 35802.G.) shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in accordance 
with normal variation margin procedures based on such expiring contract’s Final Settlement Price 
(Rule 35803.A.). 
35804. 
[RESERVED] 
35805. 
[RESERVED]   
35806. 
BASIS TRADE AT INDEX CLOSE (“BTIC”), BASIS TRADE AT CASH OPEN 
(“TACO”) TRANSACTIONS, AND TRADE MARKER AT CLOSE (“TMAC”) 
TRANSACTIONS 
All BTIC transactions, TACO transactions, and TMAC transactions must be executed in 
accordance with the requirements of Rules 524.B., 524.C., and 524.D., respectively.  
35806.A. 
Block Trade Requirements  
1. 
BTIC block trades must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 526. For a 
BTIC or BTIC block trade executed on a given Trading Day on or before the scheduled close 
of the Primary Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to 
the Index closing value for the current Trading Day. For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed 
on a given Trading Day after the scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange, the 
corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the Index closing value for the next 
Trading Day. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 5 of 6 
2. 
TACO block trades must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 526. For a 
TACO block trade executed on a given Trading Day on or before the scheduled opening 
auction on the Primary Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be made by 
reference to the Index special opening quotation (“SOQ”) for such Trading Day.  For a TACO 
block trade executed on a given Trading Day after the scheduled start of the opening auction 
on the Primary Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference 
to the SOQ for the next Trading Day. 
3. 
TMAC block trades must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 526.  For a 
TMAC or TMAC block trade executed on a given Trading Day on or before the scheduled 
calculation of the underlying Marker, the corresponding futures price shall be made by 
reference to the Marker price for the current Trading Day.  For a TMAC or TMAC block trade 
executed on a given Trading Day after the scheduled calculation of the underlying Marker, the 
corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the Marker price for the next 
Trading Day. 
35806.B.  
Price Assignment Procedures  
1. 
The price assignment procedures for BTIC transactions shall follow Rule 524.B.3.  
2. 
The futures price of a TACO transaction made by reference to the Index SOQ for a given 
Trading Day shall be determined by the Exchange following the publication of the Index SOQ.  
No revisions to the price shall be made until the close of the next Business Day. 
3. 
The price assignment procedures for TMAC transactions shall follow Rule 524.D.3. 
i. For the Marker at U.S. close, the Marker price shall be based on the volume-
weighted average price of transactions in such futures on the CME Globex electronic 
trading platform during the interval (i) between 2:59:30 p.m. and 3:00:00 p.m., or (ii) 
in the case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange, between 
11:59:30 a.m. and noon, rounded to the nearest 0.01 Index point. 
35806.C.  
Minimum Price Increments  
The valid basis or price increment applied either to the Index closing value to establish the BTIC 
futures price, to the Index SOQ to establish the TACO futures price, or to the Marker value to 
establish the TMAC futures price must be an integer multiple of the contract minimum price 
increment of 0.05 index points. 
35806.D. 
Market Disruption Events  
In the event of a market disruption in the Primary Listing Exchange, all pending and executed BTIC 
transactions and TMAC transactions in the corresponding futures contract shall be cancelled by the 
Exchange. Such disruption shall be declared by the Exchange in its sole discretion, and may 
include, without limitation, an unscheduled early close of the Primary Listing Exchange or a NYSE 
Rule 7.12 trading halt declared in response to a Level 3 (20%) decline in the S&P 500 Index that 
necessitates an early close of the Primary Listing Exchange.  
 
(End Chapter 358) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 6 of 6 
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES 
RELATING TO CHAPTER 358 
S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC directly or through one or more affiliates (collectively, "S&P") licenses the 
Exchange to use various S&P stock indices ("S&P Stock Indices") in connection with the trading of futures 
contracts and options on futures contracts based upon such indices. S&P shall have no liability for any 
damages, claims, losses or expenses caused by any errors or delays in calculating or disseminating the S&P 
Stock Indices. 
S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and its affiliates (collectively, "S&P") do not guarantee the accuracy and/or 
completeness of the S&P Stock Indices or any data included therein. S&P makes no warranty, express or 
implied, as to the results to be obtained by any person or any entity from the use of the S&P Stock Indices or 
any data included therein in connection with the trading of futures contracts, options on futures contracts or 
any other use. S&P makes no express or implied warranties, and expressly disclaims all warranties of 
merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use with respect to the S&P Stock Indices or any data 
included therein. Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall S&P have any liability for any special, 
punitive, indirect, or consequential damages (including lost profits), even if notified of the possibility of such 
damages. 
 


Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 8 
 
 
 
 
Chapter 358A 
Options on E-mini® Standard and Poor's 500 Stock Price 
Index Futures 
 
358A00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to options on E-mini Standard and Poor’s 500 Stock Price Index 
futures (“E-mini S&P 500 Index futures” or “futures”). In addition to this chapter, options on futures shall 
be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange as applicable. 
Unless otherwise specified, times referenced herein shall refer to and indicate Chicago time. 
358A00.A. Primary Listing Exchange 
For the purposes of this chapter a Primary Listing Exchange shall be as defined in the “Plan to Address 
Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission Pursuant to Rule 
608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 May 2012 by the U.S. 
Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), as amended from time to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, 
National Market System Plans, File 4-631). 
358A00.B. Regulatory Halt 
For the purposes of this chapter a Regulatory Halt shall be as defined in the “Plan to Address 
Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission Pursuant to Rule 
608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 May 2012 by the 
SEC, as amended from time to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System Plans, File 4- 
631) and as implemented under New York Stock Exchange Rule 7.12 for Trading Halts Due to 
Extraordinary Volatility or under Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary 
Volatility. 
358A01. 
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS 
358A01.A. Contract Months, Trading Hours, and Trading Halts 
Options shall be listed for expiration on such dates and shall be scheduled for trading during such hours 
as may be determined by the Exchange, provided that there shall be no trading in options when trading 
is halted in the Primary Futures Contract Month for E-mini S&P 500 Index futures pursuant to Rule 
35802.I. 
In accordance with Rule 35802.I. the Exchange shall determine, in its sole discretion, the futures 
delivery month that represents such Primary Futures Contract. 
358A01.B. Trading Unit 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy in the case of a call, or to sell in the case of a put, one E-mini 
S&P 500 Index futures contract (Chapter 358). 
358A01.C. Minimum Fluctuations 
Option prices shall be quoted in Index points. Each Index point shall represent $50.00 per option 
contract. 
Subject to Rule 358A01.C.1., the minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.25 Index points (equal to $12.50 
per option contract), for trades executed on CME Globex electronic trading platform, provided that 
trades at price levels equal to or less than 10.00 Index points may occur at price levels that are integer 
multiples of 0.05 Index points (equal to $2.50 per option contract), and provided that trade may occur 
at a price level of 0.05 Index points irrespective of whether such trade results in the liquidation of 
positions for both parties to such trade.  For transactions submitted for clearing via CME ClearPort, the 
minimum price increment shall be 0.05 Index points, regardless of the price level. 
1. Option Spreads and Combinations 
Any option contract that trades as a component of a spread or combination shall be traded at a price 
that conforms to the applicable CME Globex minimum price fluctuation as set forth in this Rule, provided 


Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 8 
 
 
that for any option spread or combination that trades at a net premium of 10.00 Index points or less, 
each option contract comprised within such spread or combination may trade in price increments of 
0.05 Index points.  For spread and combination transactions submitted for clearing via CME ClearPort, 
the minimum price increment shall be 0.05 Index points, regardless of the price level. 
358A01.D. Underlying Futures Contract 
1. American Style Options in the March Quarterly Cycle (“Quarterly options”) 
For any American style option for which the expiration month is in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., March, 
June, September, or December), the Underlying Futures Contract shall be for delivery in such option’s 
expiration month. 
Example: For a given year, futures for delivery in March shall be the Underlying Futures Contract for a 
March Quarterly option. 
2. European Style Weekly Options 
For any European style Weekly option, the Underlying Futures Contract shall be for delivery on the third 
Friday of the March quarterly cycle month next following such option’s expiration, subject to Rule 
35803.A. 
Examples: For a given year, futures for delivery in June shall be the Underlying Futures Contract for 
third (3rd) March, fourth (4th) March, first (1st) April, second (2nd) April, third (3rd) April, fourth (4th) 
April, first (1st) May, second (2nd) May, third (3rd) May, fourth (4th) May, first (1st) June, and second 
(2nd) June European style Weekly options. Futures for delivery in September shall be the Underlying 
Futures Contract for third (3rd) June and fourth (4th) June European style Weekly options. 
The Exchange shall not list a European style Weekly option for trading in any instance where such 
option’s expiration would occur on the last Business Day of a month. 
3. European Style Monday Weekly Options 
For any European style Monday Weekly option, the Underlying Futures Contract shall be for delivery 
on the third Friday of the March quarterly cycle month next following such option’s expiration, subject to 
Rule 35803.A. 
The Exchange shall not list a European style Monday Weekly option for trading in any instance where 
such option’s expiration would occur on the last Business Day of a month. 
4. European Style Tuesday Weekly Options 
For any European style Tuesday Weekly option, the Underlying Futures Contract shall be for delivery 
on the third Friday of the March quarterly cycle month next following such option’s expiration, subject to 
Rule 35803.A. 
The Exchange shall not list a European style Tuesday Weekly option for trading in any instance where 
such option’s expiration would occur on the last Business Day of a month. 
5. European Style Wednesday Weekly Options 
For any European style Wednesday Weekly option for the Underlying Futures Contract shall be for 
delivery on the third Friday of the March quarterly cycle month next following such option’s expiration, 
subject to Rule 35803.A. 
The Exchange shall not list a European style Wednesday Weekly option for trading in any instance 
where such option’s expiration would occur on the last Business Day of a month. 
6. European Style Thursday Weekly Options 
For any European Style Thursday option, the Underlying Futures Contract shall be for delivery on the 
third Friday of the March quarterly cycle month next following such option’s expiration, subject to Rule 
35803.A. 
The Exchange shall not list a European style Thursday Weekly option for trading in any instance where 
such option’s expiration would occur on the last Business Day of a month. 
7. European Style End-of-Month Options 
For any European style End-of-Month option, the Underlying Futures Contract shall be for delivery on 
the third Friday of the March quarterly cycle month next following such option’s expiration, subject to 
Rule 35803.A. 
Examples: For a given year, futures for delivery in March shall be the Underlying Futures Contract for a 


Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 3 of 8 
 
 
January European style End-of-Month option and for a February European style End-of-Month option. 
Futures for delivery in June shall be the Underlying Futures Contract for a March European style End- 
of-Month option. 
358A01.E. Exercise Prices 
Transactions and exercise of options shall be conducted for options contracts as set forth in the Strike 
Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table. 
The Exchange may modify the provisions governing the establishment of exercise prices as it deems 
appropriate. 
358A01.F. Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set 
forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & 
Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to 
the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions 
from the specified position limits. 
358A01.G.    Nature of Options 
Upon exercise of a put option by the buyer of such option, the seller of such option shall incur the 
obligation to assume a long position in one Underlying Futures Contract (Rule 358A01.D.) at such 
option’s exercise price (Rule 358A01.E.).   Upon exercise of a call option by the buyer of such option, 
the seller of such option shall incur the obligation to assume a short position in one Underlying Futures 
Contract at such option’s exercise price. 
1. Quarterly Options 
The buyer of a Quarterly option (Rule 358A01.D.1.) may exercise such option at any time prior to its 
expiration. 
2. All Options Excluding Quarterly Options 
European Style Weekly (Rule 358A01.D.2.), European Style Monday Weekly (Rule 358A01.D.3.), 
European Style Tuesday Weekly (Rule 358A01.D.4.), Wednesday Weekly (Rule 358A01.D.5.), Thursday 
Weekly (Rule 358A01.D.6.), or European Style End-of-Month (Rule 358A01.D.7.) options may be 
exercised only at expiration. 
358A01.H. [Reserved] 
358A01.I. Termination of Trading 
1. Quarterly Options 
Trading in any Quarterly option shall terminate on the same date and at the same time as the 
termination of trading in such option’s Underlying Futures Contract (Rule 358A01.D.1.). 
2. European Style Weekly Options 
Trading in any European style Weekly option shall terminate at 3:00 p.m., or at noon in the case of an 
early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 358A00.A.), on the Friday designated by 
the Exchange as such option’s expiration date. For a given calendar month: 
Trading shall terminate in European style First Weekly options, and such options shall expire, on the 
first Friday of such month. 
Trading shall terminate in European style Second Weekly options, and such options shall expire, on the 
second Friday of such month. 
Trading shall terminate in European style Third Weekly options, and such options shall expire, on the 
third Friday of such month. 
Trading shall terminate in European style Fourth Weekly options, and such options shall expire, on the 
fourth Friday of such month. 
If the market in the Underlying Futures Contract for such option does not open on the day scheduled for 
termination of option trading and for option expiration, then trading in such option shall terminate, and 
such option shall expire, on the next day on which the market in such Underlying Futures Contract is 


Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 4 of 8 
 
 
open for trading. 
3. European Style Monday Weekly Options 
Trading in any European style Monday Weekly option shall terminate at 3:00 p.m., or at noon in the case 
of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 358A00.A.), on the Monday 
designated by the Exchange as such option’s expiration date. For a given calendar month: 
 
Trading shall terminate in European style First Monday Weekly options, and such options shall expire, on 
the first Monday of such month. 
 
Trading shall terminate in European style Second Monday Weekly options, and such options shall expire, 
on the second Monday of such month. 
 
Trading shall terminate in European style Third Monday Weekly options, and such options shall expire, 
on the third Monday of such month. 
 
Trading shall terminate in European style Fourth Monday Weekly options, and such options shall expire, 
on the fourth Monday of such month. 
 
Trading shall terminate in European style Fifth Monday Weekly options, and such options shall expire, on 
the fifth Monday of such month. 
 
If the market in the Underlying Futures Contract for such option does not open on the day scheduled for 
termination of option trading and for option expiration, then trading in such option shall terminate, and 
such option shall expire, on the next day on which the market in such Underlying Futures Contract is 
open for trading. 
4. European Style Tuesday Weekly Options 
Trading in any European style Tuesday Weekly option shall terminate at 3:00 p.m., or at noon in the case 
of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 358A00.A.), on the Tuesday 
designated by the Exchange as such option’s expiration date. For a given calendar month: 
 
Trading shall terminate in European style First Tuesday Weekly options, and such options shall expire, 
on the first Tuesday of such month. 
 
Trading shall terminate in European style Second Tuesday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the second Tuesday of such month. 
 
Trading shall terminate in European style Third Tuesday Weekly options, and such options shall expire, 
on the third Tuesday of such month. 
 
Trading shall terminate in European style Fourth Tuesday Weekly options, and such options shall expire, 
on the fourth Tuesday of such month. 
 
Trading shall terminate in European style Fifth Tuesday Weekly options, and such options shall expire, 
on the fifth Tuesday of such month. 
 
If the market in the Underlying Futures Contract for such option does not open on the day scheduled for 
termination of option trading and for option expiration, then trading in such option shall terminate, and 
such option shall expire, on the next day on which the market in such Underlying Futures Contract is 
open for trading. 
5. European Style Wednesday Weekly Options 
Trading in any European style Wednesday Weekly option shall terminate at 3:00 p.m., or at noon in the 
case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 358A00.A.), on the Wednesday 
designated by the Exchange as such option’s expiration date. For a given calendar month: 
 
Trading shall terminate in European style First Wednesday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the first Wednesday of such month. 
 
Trading shall terminate in European style Second Wednesday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the second Wednesday of such month. 
 
Trading shall terminate in European style Third Wednesday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the third Wednesday of such month. 
 
Trading shall terminate in European style Fourth Wednesday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the fourth Wednesday of such month. 
 
Trading shall terminate in European style Fifth Wednesday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the fifth Wednesday of such month. 


Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 5 of 8 
 
 
 
If the market in the Underlying Futures Contract for such option does not open on the day scheduled for 
termination of option trading and for option expiration, then trading in such option shall terminate, and 
such option shall expire, on the next day on which the market in such Underlying Futures Contract is 
open for trading. 
6. European Style Thursday Weekly Options 
Trading in any European style Thursday Weekly option shall terminate at 3:00 p.m., or at noon in the 
case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 358A00.A.), on the Thursday 
designated by the Exchange as such option’s expiration date. For a given calendar month: 
 
Trading shall terminate in European style First Thursday Weekly options, and such options shall expire, 
on the first Thursday of such month. 
 
Trading shall terminate in European style Second Thursday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the second Thursday of such month. 
 
Trading shall terminate in European style Third Thursday Weekly options, and such options shall expire, 
on the third Thursday of such month. 
 
Trading shall terminate in European style Fourth Thursday Weekly options, and such options shall expire, 
on the fourth Thursday of such month. 
 
Trading shall terminate in European style Fifth Thursday Weekly options, and such options shall expire, 
on the fifth Thursday of such month. 
 
If the market in the Underlying Futures Contract for such option does not open on the day scheduled for 
termination of option trading and for option expiration, then trading in such option shall terminate, and 
such option shall expire, on the next day on which the market in such Underlying Futures Contract is 
open for trading. 
7. European Style End-Of-Month Options 
Trading in any European End-Of-Month option shall terminate at 3:00 p.m., or at noon in the case of an 
early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 358A00.A.), on the last Business Day of 
such option’s expiration month.   
If the market in the Underlying Futures Contract for such option does not open on the day scheduled 
for termination of option trading, then trading in such option shall terminate, and such option shall 
expire, on the next day on which the market in such Underlying Futures Contract is open for trading. 
8. Unscheduled Market Holiday 
Notwithstanding the aforementioned, if the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 358A00.A.) is closed in 
observance of an unscheduled market holiday on a day previously scheduled as a Business Day, then 
trading in option contracts that had been scheduled to expire on such day shall terminate, and such 
option contracts shall expire, on the Business Day immediately preceding such unscheduled market 
holiday. 
358A01.J. [Reserved] 
358A02. 
EXERCISE AND ASSIGNMENT 
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to the 
exercise of options. 
358A02.A. Exercise 
1. Quarterly Options 
Any Quarterly option (Rule 358A01.D.1.) may be exercised by the buyer on any Business Day prior to 
and including such option’s Expiration Date. To exercise such option, the clearing member 
representing the option buyer shall present an exercise notice to the Clearing House by 5:30 p.m., or by 
such other time as the Exchange may designate, on the day of exercise. 
Any unexercised option shall expire at 5:30 p.m. on the day scheduled for determination of the Final 
Settlement Price (Rule 35803.A.) of such option’s Underlying Futures Contract. Any option that is in the 
money, and that has not been liquidated or exercised prior to its termination of trading, shall be 
exercised automatically upon expiration, in the absence of contrary instructions. Such contrary 
instructions must be delivered to the Clearing House, by the clearing member representing the buyer of 
such option, no later than 5:30 p.m., or at such other time on such option’s Expiration Date as may be 


Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 6 of 8 
 
 
designated by the Exchange. 
An expiring call option shall be in the money if the Final Settlement Price of such option’s Underlying 
Futures Contract (Rule 358A01.D.) on such option’s Expiration Date is strictly above such option’s 
exercise price, and shall be out of the money if such settlement price is at or below such option’s 
exercise price. 
An expiring put option shall be in the money if the Final Settlement Price of such option’s Underlying 
Futures Contract on such option’s Expiration Date is strictly below such option’s exercise price, and 
shall be out of the money if such Final Settlement Price is at or above such option’s exercise price. 
2. All Options Excluding Quarterly Options 
Any European Style Weekly (Rule 358A01.D.2.), European Style Monday Weekly (Rule 358A01.D.3.), 
European Style Tuesday Weekly (Rule 358A01.D.4.), Wednesday Weekly (Rule 358A01.D.5.), 
Thursday Weekly (Rule 358A01.D.6.), or European Style End-of-Month (Rule 358A01.D.7.) option may 
be exercised only at, and not before, the expiration of such option. Following termination of trading in 
expiring options, any such option that is in the money shall be automatically exercised by the Clearing 
House, and any such option that is out of the money shall be abandoned by the Clearing House. For the 
avoidance of doubt, no such option that expires in the money may be abandoned, and no such option 
that expires out of the money may be exercised. 
Whether an option expires in the money or out of the money shall be determined by the Exchange, in its 
sole discretion, by reference to the Fixing Price of such option’s Underlying Futures Contract (Rule 
358A01.D.). The Exchange, in its sole discretion, shall set such Fixing Price on the last day of trading 
in such option, as follows: 
Tier 1 
Such Fixing Price shall be based on the volume-weighted average price of transactions in such futures 
on the CME Globex electronic trading platform during the interval (i) between 2:59:30 p.m. and 3:00:00 
p.m., or (ii) in the case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange, between 11:59:30 
a.m. and noon, or (iii) in the event of an unscheduled early close of the Primary Listing Exchange, the 
final thirty (30) seconds of the Primary Listing Exchange trading day (“Reference Interval”). 
Tier 2 
If no such transaction occurs during the Reference Interval, then such Fixing Price shall be based on 
the average of midpoints of bid/ask spreads for such futures quoted on CME Globex during the 
Reference Interval, provided that the Fixing Price calculation shall exclude the midpoint value for any 
such bid/ask spread that is wider than 0.50 Index points (equal to two (2) minimum price increments). 
Tier 3 
If such Fixing Price cannot be determined pursuant to Tier 1 or Tier 2, then the Exchange, in its sole 
discretion, shall set such Fixing Price by alternative means which may include, but are not limited to, 
derivation by reference to the basis relationship between such futures contract’s price and the Index, or 
application of Tier 1 or Tier 2, calculations to successive time intervals of increasing length, in integer 
multiples of thirty (30) seconds, until suitable price data are obtained. 
The resultant Fixing Price value shall be rounded to the nearest integer multiple of 0.01 Index points. 
Such Fixing Price, so rounded, shall be used to determine whether an option expires in the money or 
out of the money. 
If, at the time such Fixing Price is scheduled to be calculated in respect of expiring options, the Primary 
Listing Exchange (Rule 358A00.A.) is subject to a Regulatory Halt (Rule 358A00.B.), and the Primary 
Futures Contract Month is limit offered at the maximum price limit permissible during such Regulatory 
Halt pursuant to Rule 35802.I., then (a) such option shall expire at 8:31 a.m. on the next following 
Business Day on which a Regulatory Halt is not in effect, and (b) the Fixing Price in respect of such 
option shall be calculated in accordance with the corresponding provisions of this Rule, on the basis of 
a reference interval beginning at 8:30:30 a.m. and concluding at 8:31:00 a.m. If, during any portion of 
the 30-second period from 8:30:30 a.m. – 8:31:00 a.m. CT, there is a Level 1 or Level 2 Regulatory Halt 
in effect, the Fixing Price shall be calculated using trades consummated during the 30-second period 
commencing with the lifting of such Regulatory Halt. If a subsequent Regulatory Halt is declared during 
this 30-second period, the calculation of the Fixing Price shall be based strictly on those trades 
consummated prior to such subsequent Regulatory Halt. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in the event there is a Level 1 or Level 2 Regulatory Halt during the time 


Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 7 of 8 
 
 
period of 8:30:30 – 8:31:00 am CT, no trades during that time period (8:30:30 – 8:31:00 am CT) will be 
used in the calculation of the Fixing Price.  
In the case that the underlying futures contract for a given European style option expires without any 
trading activity that would permit the calculation of the Fixing Price, then such Fixing Price will be equal 
to the Final Settlement Price of such option’s Underlying Futures Contract (Rule 358A01.D.) (For 
example, if there exists such a Regulatory Halt (Rule 358A00.B.) on the Thursday prior to the 3rd Friday 
in the March quarterly cycle, there may be no trading activity in the expiring futures upon which to 
predicate the Fixing Price). 
An expiring call option shall be in the money if the corresponding Fixing Price is at or above such 
option’s exercise price, and shall be out of the money if the corresponding Fixing Price is strictly below 
such option’s exercise price. 
An expiring put option shall be in the money if the corresponding Fixing Price is strictly below such 
option’s exercise price, and shall be out of the money if the corresponding Fixing Price is at or above 
such option’s exercise price. 
358A02.B. Assignment 
For a given option contract, an exercise notice accepted by the Clearing House in accordance with 
Rules 358A02.A. shall be assigned by the Clearing House through a process of random selection to 
clearing members carrying open short positions in such option contract. A clearing member to whom 
such exercise notice has been assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as practicable following such 
assignment. 
The clearing member to whom such exercise notice has been assigned shall be assigned a short 
position in such option’s Underlying Futures Contract (Rules 358A01.D.) if such option is a call, or a 
long position in such option’s Underlying Futures Contract if such option is a put. The clearing member 
representing the option buyer making exercise shall be assigned a long position in such option’s 
Underlying Futures Contract if such option is a call, or a short position in such option’s Underlying 
Futures Contract if such option is a put. 
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of such option 
contract, and shall be marked to market (in accordance with Rule 814) on the Business Day on which 
the Clearing House accepts such exercise notice. 
358A03. 
[RESERVED] 
358A04. 
[RESERVED] 
358A05.-29. [RESERVED] 
 
(End Chapter 358A) 
 
INTERPRETATIONS AND SPECIAL NOTICES 
RELATING TO CHAPTER 358A 
S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC directly or through one or more affiliates (collectively, "S&P") licenses 
the Exchange to use various S&P stock indices ("S&P Stock Indices") in connection with the trading 
of futures contracts and options on futures contracts based upon such indices. S&P shall have no 
liability for any damages, claims, losses or expenses caused by any errors or delays in calculating or 
disseminating the S&P Stock Indices. 
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and its affiliates (collectively, "S&P") do not guarantee the accuracy 
and/or completeness of the S&P Stock Indices or any data included therein. S&P makes no warranty, 
express or implied, as to the results to be obtained by any person or any entity from the use of the S&P 
Stock Indices or any data included therein in connection with the trading of futures contracts, options 
on futures contracts or any other use. S&P makes no express or implied warranties, and expressly 
disclaims all warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use with respect to 
the S&P Stock Indices or any data included therein. Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event 
shall S&P have any liability for any special, punitive, indirect, or consequential damages (including 
lost profits), even if notified of the possibility of such damages. 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 1 of 4 
 
Chapter 358B 
BTIC+ and TACO+ Futures on  
E-mini Standard and Poor's 500 Stock Price Index Futures 
 
358B00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to BTIC+ and TACO+ Futures on E-mini Standard and Poor's 500 
Stock Price Index futures (“E-mini S&P 500 Index futures” or “ES futures”).  In addition to this Chapter, 
futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange as applicable. 
Capitalized terms in this Chapter that are not otherwise defined in this Chapter shall have the meanings 
given to such terms in other Chapters of the Rules.   
Except as noted, all times referenced in this Chapter are Chicago times and are subject to change by the 
Exchange. 
358B00.A. 
Market Decline 
For the purposes of this chapter a Market Decline shall be as defined in New York Stock Exchange Rule 
80B for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or in Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for Trading 
Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
358B00.B. 
Primary Listing Exchange 
For the purposes of this chapter a Primary Listing Exchange shall be as defined in the “Plan to Address 
Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission Pursuant to Rule 
608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 May 2012 by the U.S. 
Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), as amended from time to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, 
National Market System Plans, File 4-631). 
358B00.C. 
Regulatory Halt 
For the purposes of this chapter a Regulatory Halt shall be as defined in the “Plan to Address 
Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission Pursuant to Rule 
608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 May 2012 by the SEC, 
as amended from time to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System Plans, File 4-631) and 
as implemented under New York Stock Exchange Rule 80B for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary 
Volatility or under Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
358B01. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
358B01.A. 
Contract Grade  
The Basis Trade at Index Close (“BTIC”) transaction assigned in fulfillment of any expiring Nearby BTIC+ 
Futures on E-mini S&P 500 Index Futures (“Nearby BTIC+ on ES”) contract or expiring Deferred BTIC+ 
Futures on E-mini S&P 500 Index Futures (“Deferred BTIC+ on ES”) contract, as defined below, and the 
Basis Trade at Cash Open (“TACO”) transaction assigned in fulfillment of any expiring TACO+ Futures 
on E-mini S&P 500 Index Futures (“TACO+ on ES”) contract, as defined below, shall be in accordance 
with Rules 524.B., Rule 35806.B, and Rule 35806.C.   
1. 
Nearby BTIC+ on ES  
The contract grade for an expiring Nearby BTIC+ on ES futures contract made under these Rules shall 
be a BTIC transaction in one (1) ES futures contract for delivery in the first March Quarterly month (March, 
June, September, or December) following the Delivery Date specified by the Exchange for such Nearby 
BTIC+ on ES futures contract, pursuant to Rule 358B02.E.    
2. 
Deferred BTIC+ on ES 
The contract grade for an expiring Deferred BTIC+ on ES futures contract made under these Rules shall 
be a BTIC transaction in one (1) ES futures contract for delivery in the second March Quarterly month 
following the Delivery Date, specified by the Exchange for such Deferred BTIC+ on ES futures contract, 
pursuant to Rule 358B02.E.    
3. 
TACO+ on ES 
The contract grade for an expiring TACO+ on ES futures contract made under these Rules shall be a 
TACO transaction in one (1) ES futures contract for delivery in the first March Quarterly month following 
the Delivery Date specified by the Exchange for such TACO+ on ES futures contract, pursuant to Rule 
358B02.E. 
358B01.B. 
Delivery  
Delivery shall apply to all positions in expiring futures contracts that remain open following termination of 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 2 of 4 
 
trading (Rule 358B02.G.).  For any such futures contract, delivery shall occur on the Business Day 
specified by the Exchange when such futures contract is listed by the Exchange for trading. 
 
To each long (short) position in an expiring futures contract in delivery, CME Clearing shall assign a long 
(short) position of one Contract Grade ES futures contract, pursuant to Rule 358B01.A., at a price level 
equal to the Final Settlement Price of such expiring futures contract, in accordance with Rule 358B03.A. 
 
The BTIC transaction assigned in fulfillment of (i) an expiring Nearby BTIC+ on ES futures contract or (ii) 
an expiring Deferred BTIC+ on ES futures contract shall be priced in BTIC terms. The TACO transaction 
assigned in fulfillment of an expiring TACO+ on ES futures contract shall be priced in TACO terms. 
358B02. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
358B02.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months as 
may be determined by the Exchange, provided that there shall be no trading in futures contracts when 
trading is halted in the Primary Futures Contract Month for E-mini S&P 500 Stock Price Index futures 
pursuant to Rule 35802.I.  
In accordance with Rule 35802.I. the Exchange shall determine, in its sole discretion, the ES futures 
delivery month that represents such Primary Futures Contract Month.  
358B02.B. 
Trading Unit 
For any given futures contract, the trading unit shall be one ES futures contract (CME Chapter 358).   
358B02.C. 
Price Increments 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in ES futures contract price points (“price points”), in accordance with 
Rule 35802.C.  The minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.05 price points, equal to $2.50 per contract. 
For avoidance of doubt, a BTIC+ or TACO+ futures contract may trade at positive or negative values, or 
at a value of zero, in accordance with Rules 524.B. and Rules 524.C.  
358B02.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set forth 
in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona file commercial purposes shall apply to the 
Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions 
from the specified position limits. 
358B02.E. 
Delivery Date 
The Delivery Date for BTIC+ and TACO+ futures shall be the date on which a long (short) position in the 
corresponding ES future will be assigned to the holder of an open long (short) position in such BTIC+ or 
TACO+ future.  Such Delivery Date shall be as specified by the Exchange. 
358B02.F. 
Last Trade Date 
The Last Trade Date for BTIC+ and TACO+ futures shall be the Business Day immediately preceding the 
Delivery Date for such futures. 
358B02.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Trading in expiring (i) Nearby BTIC+ on ES futures and (ii) Deferred BTIC+ on ES futures shall terminate 
at the regularly scheduled close of trading on the Primary Listing Exchanges on the Last Trade Date (Rule 
358B02.F.) for such futures. 
Trading in expiring TACO+ on ES futures shall terminate at the regularly scheduled open of trading on 
the Primary Listing Exchanges on the Last Trade Date (Rule 358B02.F.) for such futures. 
358B02.H. 
Contract Modifications 
Contract specifications shall be fixed as of the first day of trading in any futures contract, provided that all 
deliveries must conform to government regulations in force at the time of delivery.  If any U.S. government 
agency or body issues an order, ruling, directive or law pertaining to the trading or delivery of futures 
contracts made under these Rules, such order, ruling, directive or law shall be construed to take 
precedence and become part of these rules, and all open and new contracts shall be subjected to such 
government orders.  
358B02.I. 
[Reserved]    


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 3 of 4 
 
358B03. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
358B03.A. 
Final Settlement Price 
For a futures contract for a given delivery day, the Final Settlement Price shall be determined on the Last 
Trade Date.  
358B03.B. 
Delivery Price 
For a futures contract for a given delivery day, the Delivery Price shall be the Final Settlement Price plus  
(i) 
the official closing Index level on the Delivery Date for Nearby BTIC+ on ES futures contracts or, 
(ii) the official closing Index level on the Delivery Date for Deferred BTIC+ on ES futures contracts 
or, 
(iii) the special opening quotation level of the Index on the Delivery Date for TACO+ on ES futures 
contracts, in accord with CME Rule 35803.A.   
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the delivery day, the Delivery Price shall be the Final 
Settlement Price, plus the official closing index level on the Business Day immediately preceding the 
delivery day, for Nearby BTIC+ on ES futures, Deferred BTIC+ on ES futures and TACO+ on ES futures 
contracts. 
358B03.C. 
Final Settlement 
1. 
Clearing members holding a long (short) position in an expiring Nearby BTIC+ on ES futures 
contract at its Termination of Trading (Rule 358B02.G.) will be assigned a BTIC transaction to 
buy (sell) an ES futures contract on such Nearby BTIC+ futures contract’s Delivery Date.  Such 
BTIC transaction to buy (sell) shall be assigned with a price equal to the Final Settlement Price 
of such contract. Such assigned BTIC transaction to buy (sell) an ES future will settle in 
accordance with the BTIC Price Assignment Procedures (Rule 35806.B.1) resulting in the 
clearing member being assigned a long (short) position in an ES future at the Delivery Price. 
2. 
Clearing members holding a long (short) position in an expiring Deferred BTIC+ on ES futures 
contract at its Termination of Trading (Rule 358B02.G.) will be assigned a BTIC transaction to 
buy (sell) an ES futures contract on such Deferred BTIC+ futures contract’s Delivery Date.  Such 
BTIC transaction to buy (sell) shall be assigned with a price equal to the Final Settlement Price 
of such contract. Such assigned BTIC transaction to buy (sell) an ES future will settle in 
accordance with the BTIC Price Assignment Procedures (Rule 35806.B.1) resulting in the 
clearing member being assigned a long (short) position in an ES future at the Delivery Price. 
3. 
Clearing members holding a long (short) position in an expiring TACO+ on ES futures contract 
at its Termination of Trading (Rule 358B02.G.) will be assigned a TACO transaction to buy (sell) 
an ES futures contract on such TACO+ futures contract’s Delivery Date.  Such TACO transaction 
to buy shall be assigned with a price equal to the Final Settlement Price of such contract. Such 
assigned TACO transaction to buy (sell) an ES future will settle in accordance with the TACO 
Price Assignment Procedures (Rule 35806.B.2) resulting in the clearing member being assigned 
a long (short) position in an ES future at the Delivery Price. 
358B04. 
[RESERVED] 
358B05. 
[RESERVED] 
358B06. 
[RESERVED] 
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES 
RELATING TO CHAPTER 358B 
S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC directly or through one or more affiliates (collectively, "S&P") licenses the 
Exchange to use various S&P stock indices ("S&P Stock Indices") in connection with the trading of futures 
contracts and options on futures contracts based upon such indices. S&P shall have no liability for any 
damages, claims, losses or expenses caused by any errors or delays in calculating or disseminating the 
S&P Stock Indices. 
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and its affiliates (collectively, "S&P") do not guarantee the accuracy and/or 
completeness of the S&P Stock Indices or any data included therein. S&P makes no warranty, express or 
implied, as to the results to be obtained by any person or any entity from the use of the S&P Stock Indices or 
any data included therein in connection with the trading of futures contracts, options on futures contracts or 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 4 of 4 
 
any other use. S&P makes no express or implied warranties, and expressly disclaims all warranties of 
merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use with respect to the S&P Stock Indices or any data 
included therein. Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall S&P have any liability for any 
special, punitive, indirect, or consequential damages (including lost profits), even if notified of the possibility 
of such damages. 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 6 
Chapter 359 
E-mini Nasdaq-100 Index® Futures 
 
35900. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to E-mini Nasdaq-100 Index futures (“futures”).  In addition to 
this chapter, futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange as 
applicable. 
Unless otherwise specified, times referenced herein shall refer to and indicate Chicago time. 
35900.A. 
Market Decline 
For the purposes of this chapter a Market Decline shall be as defined in New York Stock Exchange 
Rule 7.12 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or in Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for 
Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
35900.B. 
Primary Listing Exchange 
For the purposes of this chapter a Primary Listing Exchange shall be as defined in the “Plan to 
Address Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission 
Pursuant to Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 
May 2012 by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), as amended from time to 
time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System Plans, File 4-631). 
35900.C. 
Regulatory Halt 
For the purposes of this chapter a Regulatory Halt shall be as defined in the “Plan to Address 
Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission Pursuant to 
Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 May 2012 
by the SEC, as amended from time to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System 
Plans, File 4-631) and as implemented under New York Stock Exchange Rule 7.12 for Trading 
Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or under Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for Trading Halts 
Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
35901. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each futures contract shall be valued at $20.00 times the Nasdaq-100 Index (“Index”). 
35902. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS  
35902.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
35902.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $20.00 times the Index. 
35902.C. 
Price Increments 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in Index points.  The minimum price increment shall be 0.25 Index 
points, equal to $5.00 per contract, except for intermonth spreads executed pursuant to Rule 
542.A., for which the minimum price increment shall be 0.05 Index points, equal to $1.00 per 
intermonth spread. 
35902.D. Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
35902.E. 
 [Reserved] 
35902.F. 
 [Reserved] 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 6 
35902.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Trading in expiring futures shall terminate at the regularly scheduled start of trading on the Nasdaq 
Stock Market on the Business Day scheduled for determination of the Final Settlement Price (Rule 
35903.A.) for such futures. 
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of Final Settlement Price determination 
(Rule 35903.A), trading in the expiring futures shall terminate at the close of trading on the New 
York Stock Exchange on the immediately preceding Business Day.  
35902.H. 
[Reserved]  
35902.I. 
Price Limits and Trading Halts 
Futures trading shall be subject to Price Limits as set forth in this Rule.  For the purpose of this 
Rule the Exchange shall determine, in its sole discretion, the futures delivery month that represents 
the Primary Futures Contract Month and when such Primary Futures Contract Month is limit bid or 
limit offered. 
1. Daily Determination of Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, Price Limits applicable to a futures contract for a given delivery month 
shall be calculated on the basis of the corresponding Reference Price (Rule 35902.I.1.a.) and the 
corresponding Offsets (Rule 35902.I.1.b.), as follows: 
7% Price Limits = Reference Price minus 7% Offset, and Reference Price plus 7% Offset 
13% Price Limit = Reference Price minus 13% Offset 
20% Price Limit = Reference Price minus 20% Offset 
1.a. Reference Prices for Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, for futures for a given delivery month, the Exchange shall set a contract 
Reference Price on the first preceding Business Day, as follows: 
Tier 1 
Such Reference Price shall be based on the volume-weighted average price of transactions in such 
futures on the CME Globex electronic trading platform during the interval (i) between 2:59:30 p.m. 
and 3:00:00 p.m., or (ii) in the case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange, 
between 11:59:30 a.m. and noon, or (iii) in the event of an unscheduled early close of the Primary 
Listing Exchange, the final thirty (30) seconds of the Primary Listing Exchange trading day 
(“Reference Interval”). 
Tier 2 
If no such transaction occurs during the Reference Interval, then such Reference Price shall be 
based on the average of midpoints of bid/ask spreads for such futures quoted on CME Globex 
during the Reference Interval, provided that the Reference Price calculation shall exclude the 
midpoint value for any such bid/ask spread that is wider than 1.00 Index points (equal to two (2) 
minimum price increments). 
Tier 3 
If such Reference Price cannot be determined pursuant to Tier 1 or Tier 2, then the Exchange, in its 
sole discretion, shall set such Reference Price by alternative means which may include, but are not 
limited to, derivation by reference to the basis relationship between such futures contract’s price 
and the Index, or application of Tier 1 and Tier 2 calculations to successive time intervals of 
increasing length, in integer multiples of thirty (30) seconds, until suitable price data are obtained. 
The resultant Reference Price value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of 0.25 
Index points.  Such Reference Price, so rounded, shall be used for determination of the 
corresponding Price Limits. 
For newly listed futures for a given delivery month, the Exchange shall set, in its sole discretion, a 
Reference Price value for the purpose of determining Price Limits for the first day of trading in such 
futures.   
1.b. Offsets for Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, the Exchange shall determine Offsets on the basis of the Index value 
(“I”) at the close of trading on the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 35900.B.) on the first preceding 
Business Day, as follows: 
 
7% Offset = 
7% of I  (0.07 x I)  


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 6 
13% Offset = 
13% of I  
(0.13 x I)  
20% Offset = 
20% of I  
(0.20 x I)  
Each resultant Offset value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of 0.25 Index 
points.  Each such Offset, so rounded, shall be used in determination of the corresponding Price 
Limits. 
2. Application of Price Limits from Start of Trading Day to 8:30 a.m. 
From the start of any Trading Day until 8:30 a.m., there shall be no trading in futures for a given 
delivery month at any price that is either strictly lower than or strictly higher than the range defined 
by the  7% Price Limits (Rule 35902.I.1.) applicable to such futures on such Trading Day.  
Without limitation to the foregoing, the start of any Trading Day generally shall coincide with the 
start of the CME Globex trading session at 5:00 p.m. on the evening first preceding such Trading 
Day. 
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as 
set forth in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in 
the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.  
3. Application of Price Limits and Trading Halts from 8:30 a.m. to 2:25 p.m.  
Except as provided in Rules 35902.I.3.a. and 35902.I.3.b., from 8:30 a.m. until and including 2:25 
p.m., or from 8:30 a.m. until and including 11:25 a.m. in the case of an early scheduled close of the 
Primary Listing Exchange, futures for a given delivery month shall trade subject to the 
corresponding Price Limits (Rule 35902.I.1.), as follows:  
There shall be no futures trading at any price strictly lower than the corresponding 7% Price Limit, 
unless the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 7% Price Limit.  
At such time as the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, the 
Exchange shall initiate a 2-minute observation interval.  At the conclusion of such observation 
interval:  
If the Primary Futures Contract Month is not limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, futures trading shall 
continue subject to the corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
If the Primary Futures Contract Month remains limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, futures trading 
shall halt for two (2) minutes, and shall then resume subject to the corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, 
the Exchange shall initiate a 2-minute observation interval.  At the conclusion of such observation 
interval:  
If the Primary Futures Contract Month is not limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, futures trading shall 
continue subject to the corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
If the Primary Futures Contract Month remains limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, futures trading 
shall halt for two (2) minutes, and shall then resume subject to the corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
There shall be no futures trading at any price strictly lower than the corresponding 20% Price Limit.  
3.a. Regulatory Halts 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt (Rule 35900.C.) in 
response to a Level 1 (7%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt. Futures 
trading shall resume 10 minutes after the Regulatory Halt commences on the Primary Listing 
Exchange subject to the corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 
2 (13%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt. Futures trading shall 
resume 10 minutes after the Regulatory Halt commences on the Primary Listing Exchange subject 
to the corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 
3 (20%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt for the remainder of the 
trading session. 
3.b. Unscheduled Non-Regulatory Halts 
If an unscheduled trading halt that is not also a Regulatory Halt occurs on one or more Primary 
Listing Exchanges between 8:30 a.m. and 2.25 p.m., or between 8:30 a.m. and 11:25 a.m. in the 
case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange(s), then futures trading shall be 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 4 of 6 
subject to such trading halts or such price limits as the Exchange, in its sole discretion, may 
determine to be appropriate.  
4. Application of Price Limits from 2:25 p.m. to 3:00 p.m. 
From 2:25 p.m. to 3:00 p.m., or from 11:25 a.m. to noon in the case of an early scheduled close on 
the Primary Listing Exchange, trading in futures for a given delivery month shall be subject only to 
the corresponding 20% Price Limit (Rule 35902.I.1.).  
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 
3 (20%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt for the remainder of the 
trading session. 
5. Application of Price Limits from 3:00 p.m. to Close of Trading Day 
From the close of trading on the Primary Listing Exchange at 3:00 p.m., or at noon in the case of an 
early scheduled close on the Primary Listing Exchange, until the close of the current Trading Day, 
trading in futures for a given delivery month shall be subject to an upper Price Limit equal to the 
corresponding Reference Price determined on the current Business Day (Rule 35902.I.1.a.) plus 
the 7% Offset determined on the current Business Day (Rule 35902.I.1.b.). 
Trading in such futures also shall be subject to a lower Price Limit set as the corresponding 
Reference Price determined on the current Business Day minus the 7% Offset determined on the 
current Business Day, provided that such lower Price Limit shall be no lower than the 20% Price 
Limit (Rule 35902.I.1.) applicable to the current Trading Day. 
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as 
set forth in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in 
the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.  
Without limitation to the foregoing, the close of the current Trading Day generally shall coincide with 
the close of the CME Globex trading session on such Trading Day. 
35903. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement. 
35903.A. 
Final Settlement Price 
For a futures contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be a special 
opening quotation of the Index.  Such special opening quotation shall be determined on the third 
Friday of such delivery month and shall be based on the Nasdaq Official Opening Price (“NOOP”) 
of each of the component stocks of the Index. 
If the Index is not scheduled to be published on the third Friday of the contract delivery month, then 
such Final Settlement Price shall be scheduled for determination on the first preceding Business 
Day on which the Index is scheduled to be published. 
If the Nasdaq Stock Market does not open on the day scheduled for determination of such Final 
Settlement Price, then the Final Settlement Price shall be a special opening quotation of the Index 
on the next following day on which the Nasdaq Stock Market is open for trading. 
If a component stock of the Index does not trade on the day scheduled for determination of such 
Final Settlement  Price, and the Nasdaq Stock Market is open for trading, then for the purpose of 
calculating such Final Settlement Price the price of such stock shall be its closing price on the first 
preceding Nasdaq Stock Market trading day, provided that the Exchange, in its sole discretion, may 
instruct that the price of such stock shall be the NOOP of such stock on the next following Nasdaq 
Stock Market trading day.   
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of final settlement price determination, the 
Final Settlement Price shall be the Official Index Closing Value published by the index publisher on 
the Business Day immediately preceding the original day of Final Settlement Price determination. 
35903.B. 
Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in an expiring futures contract at its termination of trading 
(Rule 35902.G.) shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in accordance 
with normal variation margin procedures based on such expiring contract’s Final Settlement Price 
(Rule 35903.A.). 
35904. 
[Reserved]  
35905.  
[Reserved]  


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 5 of 6 
35906.  
BASIS TRADE AT INDEX CLOSE (“BTIC”), BASIS TRADE AT CASH OPEN 
(“TACO”) TRANSACTIONS, AND TRADE MARKER AT CLOSE (“TMAC”) 
TRANSACTIONS 
All BTIC transactions, TACO transactions, and TMAC transactions must be executed in 
accordance with the requirements of Rules 524.B., 524.C., and 524.D., respectively. 
 
35906.A.   
Block Trade Requirements  
1. 
BTIC block trades must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 526. For a 
BTIC or BTIC block trade executed on a given Trading Day on or before the scheduled close 
of the Primary Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to 
the Index closing value for the current Trading Day.  For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed 
on a given Trading Day after the scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange, the 
corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the Index closing value for the next 
Trading Day.  
2. 
TACO block trades must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 526. For a 
TACO block trade executed on a given Trading Day on or before the scheduled opening 
auction on the Primary Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be made by 
reference to the Index special opening quotation (“SOQ”) for such Trading Day. For a TACO 
block trade executed on a given Trading Day after the scheduled start of the opening auction 
on the Primary Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference 
to the SOQ for the next Trading Day.  
3. 
TMAC block trades must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 526.  For a 
TMAC or TMAC block trade executed on a given Trading Day on or before the scheduled 
calculation of the underlying Marker, the corresponding futures price shall be made by 
reference to the Marker price for the current Trading Day.  For a TMAC or TMAC block trade 
executed on a given Trading Day after the scheduled calculation of the underlying Marker, the 
corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the Marker price the next Trading 
Day. 
35906.B.  
Price Assignment Procedures  
1. 
The price assignment procedures for BTIC transaction shall follow Rule 524.B.3.  
2. 
The futures price of a TACO transaction made by reference to the Index SOQ for a given 
Trading Day shall be determined by the Exchange following the publication of the Index SOQ.  
No revisions to the price shall be made until the close of the next Business Day. 
3. 
The price assignment procedures for TMAX transactions shall follow Rule 524.D.3. 
i. For the Marker at U.S. close, the Marker price shall be based on the  
volume-w eighted average price of transactions in such futures on the CME Globex 
electronic trading platform during the interval (i) between 2:59:30 p.m. and 3:00:00 
p.m., or (ii) in the case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange, 
between 11:59:30 a.m. and noon, rounded to the nearest 0.01 Index point. 
35906.C.   
Minimum Price Increments  
The valid basis or price increment applied either to the Index closing value to establish the BTIC 
futures price, to the Index SOQ to establish the TACO futures price, or to the Marker value to 
establish the TMAC futures price must be an integer multiple of the contract minimum price 
increment of 0.05 index points.  
35906.D. 
Market Disruption Events  
In the event of a market disruption in the Primary Listing Exchange, all pending and executed BTIC 
transactions and TMAC transactions in the corresponding futures contract shall be cancelled by the 
Exchange. Such disruption shall be declared by the Exchange in its sole discretion, and may 
include, without limitation, an unscheduled early close of the Primary Listing Exchange or a NYSE 
Rule 7.12 trading halt declared in response to a Level 3 (20%) decline in the S&P 500 Index that 
necessitates an early close of the Primary Listing Exchange.  
 
(End Chapter 359) 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 6 of 6 
INTERPRETATIONS AND SPECIAL NOTICES 
RELATING TO CHAPTER 359 
E–mini Nasdaq-100 Index Futures and Options on Nasdaq-100 Index Futures (Products) are not sponsored, 
endorsed, sold or promoted by the Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc. (including its affiliates) (Nasdaq, with its affiliates, 
are referred to as the Corporations).  The Corporations have not passed on the legality or suitability of, or the 
accuracy or adequacy of descriptions and disclosures relating to, the Products.  The Corporations make no 
representation or warranty, express or implied, to the holder of any position in the Products or any member of the 
public regarding the advisability of investing in financial instruments generally or in the Products particularly, or 
the ability of the Nasdaq-100 Index to track general stock market performance.  The Corporations' only 
relationship to Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. (Licensee) is in the licensing of certain trademarks, service 
marks, and trade names of the Corporations and the use of the Nasdaq-100 Index, which is determined, 
composed and calculated by Nasdaq without regard to Licensee or the Products.  Nasdaq has no obligation to 
take the needs of the Licensee or the holder of any position in the Products into consideration in determining, 
composing or calculating the Nasdaq-100 Index.  The Corporations are not responsible for and have not 
participated in the determination or calculation of the equation by which the Products are to be converted into 
cash, in the case of Nasdaq-100 Futures, or futures contracts, in the case of Options on Nasdaq-100 Futures.  
The Corporations have no liability in connection with the administration, marketing or trading of the Products. 
THE CORPORATIONS DO NOT GUARANTEE THE ACCURACY AND/OR UNINTERRUPTED CALCULATION 
OF THE NASDAQ 100 INDEX OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN.  THE CORPORATIONS MAKE NO 
WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE RESULTS TO BE OBTAINED BY ANY PERSON OR 
ENTITY FROM THE USE OF THE NASDAQ 100 INDEX, ANY OPENING, INTRA-DAY, OR CLOSING VALUE 
THEREOF, OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN, OR RELATING THERETO, IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
TRADING OF E–MINI NASDAQ 100 FUTURES OR OPTIONS ON E–MINI NASDAQ 100 FUTURES OR FOR 
ANY OTHER PURPOSE.  THE CORPORATIONS MAKE NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, AND 
EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR 
PURPOSE OR USE WITH RESPECT TO THE NASDAQ 100 INDEX, ANY OPENING, INTRA-DAY, OR 
CLOSING VALUE THEREOF, OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN OR RELATED THERETO, OR ANY E–
MINI NASDAQ 100 FUTURES CONTRACT OR OPTION ON A E–MINI NASDAQ 100 FUTURES CONTRACT.  
WITHOUT LIMITING ANY OF THE FOREGOING, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE CORPORATIONS HAVE ANY 
LIABILITY FOR ANY SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOST 
PROFITS), EVEN IF NOTIFIED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. 
 


 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 1 of 9 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Chapter 359A 
Options on E-mini Nasdaq-100 Index® Futures 
359A00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to options on E-mini Nasdaq-100 Index futures (“futures”).  In 
addition to this chapter, options on futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the 
Exchange as applicable.  
 
Unless otherwise specified, times referenced herein shall refer to and indicate Chicago time.  
 
359A00.A. 
Primary Listing Exchange 
For the purposes of this chapter a Primary Listing Exchange shall be as defined in the “Plan to Address 
Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission Pursuant to Rule 
608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 May 2012 by the U.S. 
Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), as amended from time to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, 
National Market System Plans, File 4-631). 
 
359A00.B. 
Regulatory Halt 
For the purposes of this chapter a Regulatory Halt shall be as defined in the “Plan to Address 
Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission Pursuant to Rule 
608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 May 2012 by the 
SEC, as amended from time to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System Plans, File 4-
631) and as implemented under New York Stock Exchange Rule 7.12 for Trading Halts Due to 
Extraordinary Volatility or under Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary 
Volatility. 
 
359A01. 
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS 
 
359A01.A. 
Contract Months, Trading Hours, and Trading Halts 
Options shall be listed for expiration on such dates and shall be scheduled for trading during such hours 
as may be determined by the Exchange, provided that there shall be no trading in options when trading 
is halted in the Primary Futures Contract Month pursuant to Rule 35902.I.  
  
In accordance with Rule 35902.I. the Exchange shall determine, in its sole discretion, the futures 
delivery month that represents such Primary Futures Contract Month.  
 
359A01.B. 
Trading Unit 
 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy, in the case of a call, or to sell, in the case of a put, one E–
mini Nasdaq-100Index futures contract (Chapter 359). 
 
359A01.C. 
Minimum Fluctuations 
Option prices shall be quoted in Nasdaq-100 Index (“Index”) points.  Each Index point shall represent 
$20.00 per option contract. 
 
Subject to Rule 359A01.C.1., the minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.25 Index points (equal to $5.00 
per option contract), for trades executed on CME Globex electronic trading platform, provided that 
trades at price levels equal to or less than 5.00 Index points may occur at price levels that are integer 
multiples of 0.05 Index points (equal to $1.00 per option contract), and provided that trade may occur at 
a price level of 0.05 Index points irrespective of whether such trade results in the liquidation of positions 
for both parties to such trade. For transactions submitted for clearing via CME ClearPort, the minimum 
price increment shall be 0.05 Index points, regardless of the price level. 
 


 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 2 of 9 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1. Option Spreads and Combinations 
Any option contract that trades as a component of a spread or combination shall be traded at a price 
that conforms to the applicable CME Globex minimum price fluctuation as set forth in this Rule, 
provided that for any option spread or combination that trades at a net premium of 5.00 Index points or 
less, each option contract comprised within such spread or combination may trade in price increments 
of 0.05 Index points. For spread and combination transactions submitted for clearing via CME 
ClearPort, the minimum price increment shall be 0.05 Index points, regardless of the price level. 
 
359A01.D. 
Underlying Futures Contract 
 
1. American Style Options in the March Quarterly Cycle (“Quarterly options”)  
For any American style option for which the expiration month is in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., March, 
June, September, or December), the Underlying Futures Contract shall be for delivery in such option’s 
expiration month.   
 
Example:  For a given year, futures for delivery in March shall be the Underlying Futures 
Contract for a March Quarterly option. 
 
2. European Style Weekly Options 
For any European style Weekly option, the Underlying Futures Contract shall be for delivery on the third 
Friday of the March quarterly cycle month next following such option’s expiration, subject to Rule 
35903.A. 
 
Examples:  For a given year, futures for delivery in June shall be the Underlying Futures 
Contract for third (3rd) March, fourth (4th) March, first (1st) April, second (2nd) April, third (3rd) 
April, fourth (4th) April, first (1st) May, second (2nd) May, third (3rd) May, fourth (4th) May, first 
(1st) June, and second (2nd) June European style Weekly options.  Futures for delivery in 
September shall be the Underlying Futures Contract for third (3rd) June and fourth (4th) June 
European style Weekly options. 
 
The Exchange shall not list a European style 4th Weekly option for trading in any instance where such 
option’s expiration would occur on the last Business Day of a month. 
 
3. European Style Monday Weekly Options 
For any European style Monday Weekly option, the Underlying Futures Contract shall be for delivery on 
the third Friday of the March quarterly cycle month next following such option’s expiration, subject to 
Rule 35903.A. 
The Exchange shall not list a European style Monday Weekly option for trading in any instance where 
such option’s expiration would occur on the last Business Day of a month. 
4. European Style Tuesday Weekly Options 
For any European style Tuesday Weekly option, the Underlying Futures Contract shall be for delivery 
on the third Friday of the March quarterly cycle month next following such option’s expiration, subject to 
Rule 35903.A. 
The Exchange shall not list a European style Tuesday Weekly option for trading in any instance where 
such option’s expiration would occur on the last Business Day of a month. 
5. European Style Wednesday Weekly Options 
For any European style Wednesday Weekly option, the Underlying Futures Contract shall be for 
delivery on the third Friday of the March quarterly cycle month next following such option’s expiration, 
subject to Rule 35903.A. 
The Exchange shall not list a European style Wednesday Weekly option for trading in any instance 
where such option’s expiration would occur on the last Business Day of a month. 


 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 3 of 9 
 
 
 
 
 
 
6. European Style Thursday Weekly Options 
For any European style Thursday Weekly option, the Underlying Futures Contract shall be for delivery 
on the third Friday of the March quarterly cycle month next following such option’s expiration, subject to 
Rule 35903.A. 
The Exchange shall not list a European style Thursday Weekly option for trading in any instance where 
such option’s expiration would occur on the last Business Day of a month. 
7. European Style End-of-Month Options 
For any European style End-of-Month option, the Underlying Futures Contract shall be for delivery on 
the third Friday of the March quarterly cycle month next following such option’s expiration, subject to 
Rule 35903.A. 
 
Examples:  For a given year, futures for delivery in March shall be the Underlying Futures 
Contract for a January European style End-of-Month option and for a February European style 
End-of-Month option.  Futures for delivery in June shall be the Underlying Futures Contract for 
a March European style End-of-Month option.  
 
359A01.E. 
Exercise Prices 
Transactions and exercise of options shall be conducted for options contracts as set forth in the Strike 
Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table. 
The Exchange may modify the provisions governing the establishment of exercise prices as it deems 
appropriate. 
 
359A01.F. Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set 
forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & 
Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to 
the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions 
from the specified position limits 
 
359A01.G. 
Nature of Options 
 
Upon exercise of a put option by the buyer of such option, the seller of such option shall incur the 
obligation to assume a long position in one Underlying Futures Contract (Rule 359A01.D.) at such 
option’s exercise price (Rule 359A01.E.).  Upon exercise of a call option by the buyer of such option, 
the seller of such option shall incur the obligation to assume a short position in one Underlying Futures 
Contract at such option’s exercise price. 
 
1. Quarterly Options 
The buyer of a Quarterly option (Rule 359A01.D.1.) may exercise such option at any time prior to its 
expiration. 
 
2. European Style Weekly Options, European Style Monday Weekly Options, European Style 
Tuesday Weekly Options, European Style Wednesday Weekly Options, European Style Thursday 
Weekly Options, and European Style End-of-Month Options  


 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 4 of 9 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The buyer of a European style Weekly option (Rule 359A01.D.2.), a European style Monday Weekly 
option (Rule 359A01.D.3.), a European style Tuesday Weekly option (Rule 359A01.D.4.), a European 
style Wednesday Weekly option (Rule 359A01.D.5.) a European style Thursday Weekly option (Rule 
359A01.D.6.),  or a European style End-of-Month option (Rule 359A01.D.7.) may exercise such option 
only at its expiration. 
 
359A01.H. 
[Reserved]  
 
359A01.I. 
Termination of Trading 
 
1. Quarterly Options  
Trading in any Quarterly option shall terminate on the same date and at the same time as the 
termination of trading in such option’s Underlying Futures Contract (Rule 359A01.D.1.).  
 
2. European Style Weekly Options 
Trading in any European style Weekly option shall terminate at 3:00 p.m., or at noon in the case of an 
early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 359A00.A.), on the Friday designated as 
such option’s expiration date.  For a given calendar month: 
 
Trading shall terminate in European style 1st Weekly options, and such options shall expire, on the 
first Friday of such month. 
 
Trading shall terminate in European style 2nd Weekly options, and such options shall expire, on the 
second Friday of such month 
 
Trading shall terminate in European style 3rd Weekly options, and such options shall expire, on the 
third Friday of such month 
 
Trading shall terminate in European style 4th Weekly options, and such options shall expire, on the 
fourth Friday of such month 
 
 
If the market in the Underlying Futures Contract for such option does not open on the day scheduled for 
termination of option trading and for option expiration, then trading in such option shall terminate, and 
such option shall expire, on the next day on which the market in such Underlying Futures Contract is 
open for trading. 
 
3. European Style Monday Weekly Options 
Trading in any European style Monday Weekly option shall terminate at 3:00 p.m., or at noon in the 
case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 359A00.A.), on the Monday 
designated as such option’s expiration date.  For a given calendar month: 
Trading shall terminate in European style 1st Monday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the first Monday of such month. 
Trading shall terminate in European style 2nd Monday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the second Monday of such month 
Trading shall terminate in European style 3rd Monday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the third Monday of such month 
Trading shall terminate in European style 4th Monday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the fourth Monday of such month 
Trading shall terminate in European style 5th Monday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the fifth Monday of such month 


 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 5 of 9 
 
 
 
 
 
 
If the market in the Underlying Futures Contract for such option does not open on the day scheduled for 
termination of option trading and for option expiration, then trading in such option shall terminate, and 
such option shall expire, on the next day on which the market in such Underlying Futures Contract is 
open for trading. 
4. European Style Tuesday Weekly Options 
Trading in any European style Tuesday Weekly option shall terminate at 3:00 p.m., or at noon in the 
case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 359A00.A.), on the Tuesday 
designated as such option’s expiration date.  For a given calendar month: 
Trading shall terminate in European style 1st Tuesday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the first Tuesday of such month. 
Trading shall terminate in European style 2nd Tuesday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the second Tuesday of such month 
Trading shall terminate in European style 3rd Tuesday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the third Tuesday of such month 
Trading shall terminate in European style 4th Tuesday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the fourth Tuesday of such month 
Trading shall terminate in European style 5th Tuesday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the fifth Tuesday of such month 
If the market in the Underlying Futures Contract for such option does not open on the day scheduled for 
termination of option trading and for option expiration, then trading in such option shall terminate, and 
such option shall expire, on the next day on which the market in such Underlying Futures Contract is 
open for trading. 
5. European Style Wednesday Weekly Options 
Trading in any European style Wednesday Weekly option shall terminate at 3:00 p.m., or at noon in the 
case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 359A00.A.), on the Wednesday 
designated as such option’s expiration date.  For a given calendar month: 
 
Trading shall terminate in European style 1st Wednesday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the first Wednesday of such month. 
 
Trading shall terminate in European style 2nd Wednesday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the second Wednesday of such month 
 
Trading shall terminate in European style 3rd Wednesday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the third Wednesday of such month 
 
Trading shall terminate in European style 4th Wednesday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the fourth Wednesday of such month 
 
Trading shall terminate in European style 5th Wednesday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the fifth Wednesday of such month. 
 
If the market in the Underlying Futures Contract for such option does not open on the day scheduled for 
termination of option trading and for option expiration, then trading in such option shall terminate, and 
such option shall expire, on the next day on which the market in such Underlying Futures Contract is 
open for trading. 


 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 6 of 9 
 
 
 
 
 
 
6. European Style Thursday Weekly Options 
Trading in any European style Thursday Weekly option shall terminate at 3:00 p.m., or at noon in the 
case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 359A00.A.), on the Thursday 
designated as such option’s expiration date.  For a given calendar month: 
Trading shall terminate in European style 1st Thursday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the first Thursday of such month. 
Trading shall terminate in European style 2nd Thursday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the second Thursday of such month 
Trading shall terminate in European style 3rd Thursday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the third Thursday of such month 
Trading shall terminate in European style 4th Thursday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the fourth Thursday of such month 
Trading shall terminate in European style 5th Thursday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the fifth Thursday of such month 
 
If the market in the Underlying Futures Contract for such option does not open on the day scheduled for 
termination of option trading and for option expiration, then trading in such option shall terminate, and 
such option shall expire, on the next day on which the market in such Underlying Futures Contract is 
open for trading. 
 
7. European Style End-Of-Month Options 
Trading in any European style End-of-Month option shall terminate at 3:00 p.m., or at noon in the case 
of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 359A00.A.), on the last Business 
Day of such option’s expiration month. 
 
If the market in the Underlying Futures Contract for such option does not open on the day scheduled for 
termination of option trading, then trading in such option shall terminate, and such option shall expire, 
on the next day on which the market in such Underlying Futures Contract is open for trading. 
 
8. Unscheduled Market Holiday 
Notwithstanding the aforementioned, if the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 359A00.A.) is closed in 
observance of an unscheduled market holiday on a day previously scheduled as a Business Day, then 
trading in option contracts that had been scheduled to expire on such day shall terminate, and such 
option contracts shall expire, on the Business Day immediately preceding such unscheduled market 
holiday.   
 
359A01.J. 
[Reserved] 
 
359A02. 
EXERCISE AND ASSIGNMENT 
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to the 
exercise of options. 
 
359A02.A. Exercise  
 
1. Quarterly Options  
 
Any Quarterly option (Rule 359A01.D.1.) may be exercised by the buyer on any Business Day on which 
such option may be traded.  To exercise such option, the clearing member representing the option 


 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 7 of 9 
 
 
 
 
 
 
buyer shall present an exercise notice to the Clearing House by 5:30 p.m., or by such other time as the 
Exchange may designate, on the day of exercise. 
  
Any unexercised option shall expire at 5:30 p.m. on the last day of trading in such option (Rule 
359A01.I.).  Any option that is in the money, and that has not been liquidated or exercised prior to its 
termination of trading, shall be exercised automatically upon expiration, in the absence of contrary 
instructions.  Such contrary instructions must be delivered to the Clearing House, by the clearing 
member representing the buyer of such option, no later than 5:30 p.m., or such other time as may be 
designated by the Exchange, on the last day of trading in such option. 
 
A call option shall be in the money if the settlement price of such option’s Underlying Futures Contract 
(Rule 359A01.D.) on the last day of trading in such option (Rule 359A01.I.) is strictly above such 
option’s exercise price, and shall be out of the money if such settlement price is at or below such 
option’s exercise price. 
 
A put option shall be in the money if the settlement price of such option’s Underlying Futures Contract 
on the last day of trading in such option is strictly below such option’s exercise price, and shall be out of 
the money if such settlement price is at or above such option’s exercise price. 
2. European Style Weekly Options, European Style Monday Weekly Options, European Style 
Tuesday Weekly Options, European Style Wednesday Weekly Options, European Style Thursday 
Weekly Options and European Style End-of-Month Options 
Any European style Weekly option (Rule 359A01.D.2.), a European style Monday Weekly option (Rule 
359A01.D.3.), a European style Tuesday Weekly option (Rule 359A01.D.4.), a European style 
Wednesday Weekly option (Rule 359A01.D.5.), a European style Thursday Weekly option (Rule 
359A01.D.6.), or European style End-of-Month option (Rule 359A01.D.7.) may be exercised only at, 
and not before, expiration of such option. 
 
Following termination of trading in expiring options, any such option that is in the money shall be 
automatically exercised by the Clearing House, and any such option that is out of the money shall be 
abandoned by the Clearing House.  For the avoidance of doubt, no such option that expires in the 
money may be abandoned, and no such option that expires out of the money may be exercised. 
 
Whether an option expires in the money or out of the money shall be determined by the Exchange, in its 
sole discretion, by reference to the Fixing Price of such option’s Underlying Futures Contract (Rule 
359A01.D.).  The Exchange, in its sole discretion, shall set such Fixing Price on the last day of trading 
in such option, as follows: 
 
Tier 1 
Such Fixing Price shall be based on the volume-weighted average price of transactions in such 
futures on the CME Globex electronic trading platform during the interval (i) between 2:59:30 
p.m. and 3:00:00 p.m., or (ii) in the case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing 
Exchange, between 11:59:30 a.m. and noon, or (iii) in the event of an unscheduled early close 
of the Primary Listing Exchange, the final thirty (30) seconds of the Primary Listing Exchange 
trading day (“Reference Interval”). 
 
 
Tier 2 
If no such transaction occurs during the Reference Interval, then such Fixing Price shall be 
based on the average of midpoints of bid/ask spreads for such futures quoted on CME Globex 
during the Reference Interval, provided that the Fixing Price calculation shall exclude the 
midpoint value for any such bid/ask spread that is wider than 0.50 Index points (equal to two 
(2) minimum price increments). 


 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 8 of 9 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Tier 3 
If such Fixing Price cannot be determined pursuant to Tier 1 or Tier 2, then the Exchange, in 
its sole discretion, shall set such Fixing Price by alternative means which may include, but are 
not limited to, derivation by reference to the basis relationship between such futures contract’s 
price and the Index, or application of Tier 1 and Tier 2 calculations to successive time intervals 
of increasing length, in integer multiples of thirty (30) seconds, until suitable price data are 
obtained. 
 
The resultant Fixing Price value shall be rounded to the nearest integer multiple of 0.01 Index points.  
Such Fixing Price, so rounded, shall be used to determine whether an option expires in the money or 
out of the money. 
 
If, at the time such Fixing Price is scheduled to be calculated in respect of expiring options, the Primary 
Listing Exchange (Rule 359A00.A.) is subject to a Regulatory Halt (Rule 359A00.B.), and the Primary 
Futures Contract Month is limit offered at the maximum price limit permissible during such Regulatory 
Halt pursuant to Rule 35902.I., then (a) such option shall expire at 8:31 a.m. on the next following 
Business Day on which a Regulatory Halt is not in effect, and (b) the Fixing Price in respect of such 
option shall be calculated in accordance with the corresponding provisions of this Rule, on the basis of 
a reference interval beginning at 8:30:30 a.m. and concluding at 8:31:00 a.m. . If, during any portion of 
the 30-second period from 8:30:30 a.m. – 8:31:00 a.m. CT, there is a Level 1 or Level 2 Regulatory Halt 
in effect, the Fixing Price shall be calculated using trades consummated during the 30-second period 
commencing with the lifting of such Regulatory Halt.  If a subsequent Regulatory Halt is declared during 
this 30-second period, the calculation of the Fixing Price shall be based strictly on those trades 
consummated prior to such subsequent Regulatory Halt. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in the event there is a Level 1 or Level 2 Regulatory Halt during the time 
period of 8:30:30 – 8:31:00 am CT, no trades during that time period (8:30:30 – 8:31:00 am CT) will be 
used in the calculation of the Fixing Price. 
An expiring call option shall be in the money if the corresponding Fixing Price is at or above such 
option’s exercise price, and shall be out of the money if the corresponding Fixing Price is strictly below 
such option’s exercise price. 
 An expiring put option shall be in the money if the corresponding Fixing Price is strictly below such 
option’s exercise price, and shall be out of the money if the corresponding Fixing Price is at or above 
such option’s exercise price. 
 
359A02.B. 
Assignment 
For a given option contract, an exercise notice accepted by the Clearing House in accordance with 
Rules 359A02.A. shall be assigned by the Clearing House through a process of random selection to 
clearing members carrying open short positions in such option contract.  A clearing member to whom 
such exercise notice has been assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as practicable following such 
assignment. 
 
The clearing member to whom such exercise notice has been assigned shall be assigned a short 
position in such option’s Underlying Futures Contract (Rules 359A01.D.) if such option is a call, or a 
long position in such option’s Underlying Futures Contract if such option is a put.  The clearing member 
representing the option buyer making exercise shall be assigned a long position in such option’s 
Underlying Futures Contract if such option is a call, or a short position in such option’s Underlying 
Futures Contract if such option is a put. 
 


 
 
 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 9 of 9 
 
 
 
 
 
 
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of such option 
contract, and shall be marked to market (in accordance with Rule 814) on the Business Day on which 
the Clearing House accepts such exercise notice. 
 
359A03. 
[RESERVED] 
 
359A04.  
[RESERVED] 
 
 (End Chapter 359A) 
 
 
INTERPRETATIONS AND SPECIAL NOTICES RELATING TO CHAPTER 359 
 
E–mini Nasdaq-100 Index Futures and Options on Nasdaq-100 Index Futures (Products) are not sponsored, 
endorsed, sold or promoted by the Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc. (including its affiliates) (Nasdaq, with its affiliates, are 
referred to as the Corporations).  The Corporations have not passed on the legality or suitability of, or the accuracy or 
adequacy of descriptions and disclosures relating to, the Products.  The Corporations make no representation or 
warranty, express or implied, to the holder of any position in the Products or any member of the public regarding the 
advisability of investing in financial instruments generally or in the Products particularly, or the ability of the Nasdaq-
100 Index to track general stock market performance.  The Corporations' only relationship to Chicago Mercantile 
Exchange Inc. (Licensee) is in the licensing of certain trademarks, service marks, and trade names of the 
Corporations and the use of the Nasdaq 100 Index, which is determined, composed and calculated by Nasdaq 
without regard to Licensee or the Products.  Nasdaq has no obligation to take the needs of the Licensee or the holder 
of any position in the Products into consideration in determining, composing or calculating the Nasdaq-100 Index.  
The Corporations are not responsible for and have not participated in the determination or calculation of the equation 
by which the Products are to be converted into cash, in the case of Nasdaq-100 Futures, or futures contracts, in the 
case of Options on Nasdaq-100 Futures.  The Corporations have no liability in connection with the administration, 
marketing or trading of the Products. 
 
THE CORPORATIONS DO NOT GUARANTEE THE ACCURACY AND/OR UNINTERRUPTED CALCULATION OF 
THE NASDAQ 100 INDEX OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN.  THE CORPORATIONS MAKE NO WARRANTY, 
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE RESULTS TO BE OBTAINED BY ANY PERSON OR ENTITY FROM THE 
USE OF THE NASDAQ 100 INDEX, ANY OPENING, INTRA-DAY, OR CLOSING VALUE THEREOF, OR ANY 
DATA INCLUDED THEREIN, OR RELATING THERETO, IN CONNECTION WITH THE TRADING OF E–MINI 
NASDAQ 100 FUTURES OR OPTIONS ON E–MINI NASDAQ 100 FUTURES OR FOR ANY OTHER PURPOSE.  
THE CORPORATIONS MAKE NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL 
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE WITH RESPECT 
TO THE NASDAQ 100 INDEX, ANY OPENING, INTRA-DAY, OR CLOSING VALUE THEREOF, OR ANY DATA 
INCLUDED THEREIN OR RELATED THERETO, OR ANY E–MINI NASDAQ 100 FUTURES CONTRACT OR 
OPTION ON A E–MINI NASDAQ 100 FUTURES CONTRACT.  WITHOUT LIMITING ANY OF THE FOREGOING, IN 
NO EVENT SHALL THE CORPORATIONS HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INDIRECT, OR 
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS), EVEN IF NOTIFIED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF 
SUCH DAMAGES.  
 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 1 of 6 
 
Chapter 360 
E-mini™ Nasdaq® Biotechnology Index Futures 
 
36000. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to E-mini Nasdaq Biotechnology Index futures (“futures”).  In 
addition to this chapter, futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the 
Exchange as applicable. 
Unless otherwise specified, times referenced herein shall refer to and indicate Chicago time. 
36000.A. 
Market Decline 
For the purposes of this chapter a Market Decline shall be as defined in New York Stock Exchange 
Rule 7.12 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or in Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for 
Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
36000.B. 
Primary Listing Exchange 
For the purposes of this chapter a Primary Listing Exchange shall be as defined in the “Plan to 
Address Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission 
Pursuant to Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 
May 2012 by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), as amended from time to 
time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System Plans, File 4-631). 
36000.C. 
Regulatory Halt 
For the purposes of this chapter a Regulatory Halt shall be as defined in the “Plan to Address 
Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission Pursuant to 
Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 May 2012 
by the SEC, as amended from time to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System 
Plans, File 4-631) and as implemented under New York Stock Exchange Rule 7.12 for Trading 
Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or under Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for Trading Halts 
Due to Extraordinary Volatility.  
36001. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each futures contract shall be valued at $25.00 times the E-mini Nasdaq Biotechnology Index 
(“Index”). The Nasdaq Biotechnology Index is a modified capitalization-weighted index comprised 
of stocks that are classified as either pharmaceutical or biotechnology.  
36002. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS  
36002.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months as may be 
determined by the Exchange. 
36002.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trade shall be $25.00 times the Index. 
36002.C. 
Price Increments1 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in Index points.  The minimum price increment shall be 0.50 Index 
points, equal to $12.50 per contract, for trades executed on CME Globex electronic trading 
platform, except for intermonth spreads executed pursuant to Rule 542.A., for which the minimum 
price increment shall be 0.05 Index points, equal to $1.25 per intermonth spread.  For transactions 
submitted for clearing via CME ClearPort, the minimum price increment shall be 0.01 Index points, 
equal to $0.25 per contract. 
.   
36002.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
 
1 See Rule 36006.C. (BTIC Orders Minimum Price Increment) for information on the minimum price increment or Tick Size for 
BTIC Transactions. BTIC trades that are completed are based on the closing stock index value, and will be cleared in price 
increments of 0.01 index points, because the underlying stock index is reported to a two decimal place level precision. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 2 of 6 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
36002.E. 
[Reserved]  
36002.F. 
[Reserved]  
36002.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Trading in expiring futures shall terminate at the regularly scheduled start of trading on the Nasdaq 
Stock Market on the Business Day scheduled for determination of the Final Settlement Price (Rule 
36003.A.) for such futures. 
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of Final Settlement Price determination 
(Rule 36003.A), trading in the expiring futures shall terminate at the close of trading on the New 
York Stock Exchange on the immediately preceding Business Day.  
36002.H. 
[Reserved]  
36002.I. 
Price Limits and Trading Halts 
Futures trading shall be subject to Price Limits as set forth in this Rule.  For the purpose of this 
Rule the Exchange shall determine, in its sole discretion, the futures delivery month that represents 
the Primary Futures Contract Month and when such Primary Futures Contract Month is limit bid or 
limit offered. 
1. Daily Determination of Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, Price Limits applicable to a futures contract for a given delivery month 
shall be calculated on the basis of the corresponding Reference Price (Rule 36002.I.1.a.) and the 
corresponding Offsets (Rule 36002.I.1.b.), as follows: 
7% Price Limits = Reference Price minus 7% Offset, and Reference Price plus 7% Offset 
13% Price Limit = Reference Price minus 13% Offset 
20% Price Limit = Reference Price minus 20% Offset 
1.a. Reference Prices for Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, for futures for a given delivery month, the Exchange shall set a contract 
Reference Price on the first preceding Business Day, as follows: 
Tier 1 
Such Reference Price shall be based on the volume-weighted average price of transactions in such 
futures on the CME Globex electronic trading platform during the interval (i) between 2:59:30 p.m. 
and 3:00:00 p.m., or (ii) in the case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange, 
between 11:59:30 a.m. and noon, or (iii) in the event of an unscheduled early close of the Primary 
Listing Exchange, the final thirty (30) seconds of the Primary Listing Exchange trading day 
(“Reference Interval”). 
Tier 2 
If no such transaction occurs during the Reference Interval, then such Reference Price shall be 
based on the average of midpoints of bid/ask spreads for such futures quoted on CME Globex 
during the Reference Interval, provided that the Reference Price calculation shall exclude the 
midpoint value for any such bid/ask spread that is wider than 0.20 Index points (equal to two (2) 
minimum price increments). 
Tier 3 
If such Reference Price cannot be determined pursuant to Tier 1 or Tier 2, then the Exchange, in its 
sole discretion, shall set such Reference Price by alternative means which may include, but are not 
limited to, derivation by reference to the basis relationship between such futures contract’s price 
and the Index, or application of Tier 1 and Tier 2 calculations to successive time intervals of 
increasing length, in integer multiples of thirty (30) seconds, until suitable price data are obtained. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 3 of 6 
The resultant Reference Price value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of 0.10 
Index point.  Such Reference Price, so rounded, shall be used for determination of the 
corresponding Price Limits. 
For newly listed futures for a given delivery month, the Exchange shall set, in its sole discretion, a 
Reference Price value for the purpose of determining Price Limits for the first day of trading in such 
futures.   
1.b. Offsets for Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, the Exchange shall determine Offsets on the basis of the Index value 
(“I”) at the close of trading on the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 35900.B.) on the first preceding 
Business Day, as follows: 
7% Offset = 
7% of I  (0.07 x I) 
13% Offset = 
13% of I  
(0.13 x I) 
20% Offset = 
20% of I  
(0.20 x I) 
Each resultant Offset value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of 0.10 Index 
point.  Each such Offset, so rounded, shall be used in determination of the corresponding Price 
Limits. 
2. Application of Price Limits from Start of Trading Day to 8:30 a.m. 
From the start of any Trading Day until 8:30 a.m., there shall be no trading in futures for a given 
delivery month at any price that is either strictly lower than or strictly higher than the range defined 
by the 7% Price Limits (Rule 36002.I.1.) applicable to such futures on such Trading Day.  
Without limitation to the foregoing, the start of any Trading Day generally shall coincide with the 
start of the CME Globex trading session at 5:00 p.m. on the evening first preceding such Trading 
Day. 
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as 
set forth in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in 
the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
3. Application of Price Limits and Trading Halts from 8:30 a.m. to 2:25 p.m.  
Except as provided in Rules 36002.I.3.a. and 35902.I.3.b., from 8:30 a.m. until and including 2:25 
p.m., or from 8:30 a.m. until and including 11:25 a.m. in the case of an early scheduled close of the 
Primary Listing Exchange, futures for a given delivery month shall trade subject to the 
corresponding Price Limits (Rule 36002.I.1.), as follows:  
There shall be no futures trading at any price strictly lower than the corresponding 7% Price Limit, 
unless the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 7% Price Limit.  
At such time as the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, the 
Exchange shall initiate a 2-minute observation interval. At the conclusion of such observation 
interval:  
If the Primary Futures Contract Month is not limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, futures trading shall 
continue subject to the corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
If the Primary Futures Contract Month remains limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, futures trading 
shall halt for two (2) minutes, and shall then resume subject to the corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, 
the Exchange shall initiate a 2-minute observation interval.  At the conclusion of such observation 
interval:  
If the Primary Futures Contract Month is not limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, futures trading shall 
continue subject to the corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
If the Primary Futures Contract Month remains limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, futures trading 
shall halt for two (2) minutes, and shall then resume subject to the corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
There shall be no futures trading at any price strictly lower than the corresponding 20% Price Limit.  
3.a. Regulatory Halts 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt (Rule 36000.C.) in 
response to a Level 1 (7%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt.  When 
trading resumes on the Primary Listing Exchange, futures trading shall resume subject to the 
corresponding 13% Price Limit. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 4 of 6 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 
2 (13%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt.  When trading resumes on 
the Primary Listing Exchange, futures trading shall resume subject to the corresponding 20% Price 
Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 
3 (20%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt for the remainder of the 
trading session. 
3.b. Unscheduled Non-Regulatory Halts 
If an unscheduled trading halt that is not also a Regulatory Halt occurs on one or more Primary 
Listing Exchanges between 8:30 a.m. and 2.25 p.m., or between 8:30 a.m. and 11:25 a.m. in the 
case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange(s), then futures trading shall be 
subject to such trading halts or such price limits as the Exchange, in its sole discretion, may 
determine to be appropriate.  
4. Application of Price Limits from 2:25 p.m. to 3:00 p.m. 
From 2:25 p.m. to 3:00 p.m., or from 11:25 a.m. to noon in the case of an early scheduled close on 
the Primary Listing Exchange, trading in futures for a given delivery month shall be subject only to 
the corresponding 20% Price Limit (Rule 36002.I.1.).  
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 
3 (20%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt for the remainder of the 
trading session. 
5. Application of Price Limits from 3:00 p.m. to Close of Trading Day 
From the close of trading on the Primary Listing Exchange at 3:00 p.m., or at noon in the case of an 
early scheduled close on the Primary Listing Exchange, until the close of the current Trading Day, 
trading in futures for a given delivery month shall be subject to an upper Price Limit equal to the 
corresponding Reference Price determined on the current Business Day (Rule 36002.I.1.a.) plus 
the 7% Offset determined on the current Business Day (Rule 36002.I.1.b.). 
Trading in such futures also shall be subject to a lower Price Limit set as the corresponding 
Reference Price determined on the current Business Day minus the 7% Offset determined on the 
current Business Day, provided that such lower Price Limit shall be no lower than the 20% Price 
Limit (Rule 36002.I.1.) applicable to the current Trading Day. 
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as 
set forth in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in 
the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
Without limitation to the foregoing, the close of the current Trading Day generally shall coincide with 
the close of the CME Globex trading session on such Trading Day. 
36003. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement. 
36003.A. 
Final Settlement Price 
For a futures contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be a special 
opening quotation of the Index.  Such special opening quotation shall be determined on the third 
Friday of such delivery month and shall be based on the Nasdaq Official Opening Price (“NOOP”) 
of each of the component stocks of the Index. 
If the Index is not scheduled to be published on the third Friday of the contract delivery month, then 
such Final Settlement Price shall be scheduled for determination on the first preceding Business 
Day on which the Index is scheduled to be published. 
If the Nasdaq Stock Market does not open on the day scheduled for determination of such Final 
Settlement Price, then the Final Settlement Price shall be a special opening quotation of the Index 
on the next following day on which the Nasdaq Stock Market is open for trading. 
If a component stock of the Index does not trade on the day scheduled for determination of such 
Final Settlement  Price, and the Nasdaq Stock Market is open for trading, then for the purpose of 
calculating such Final Settlement Price the price of such stock shall be its closing price on the first 
preceding Nasdaq Stock Market trading day, provided that the Exchange, in its sole discretion, may 
instruct that the price of such stock shall be the NOOP of such stock on the next following Nasdaq 
Stock Market trading day.   
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of final settlement price determination, the 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 5 of 6 
Final Settlement Price shall be the Official Index Closing Value published by the index publisher on 
the Business Day immediately preceding the original day of Final Settlement Price determination. 
36004. 
[RESERVED] 
36005. 
[RESERVED] 
36006.  
BASIS TRADE AT INDEX CLOSE (“BTIC”) TRANSACTIONS 
 
All BTIC transactions must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 524.B. 
36006.A. 
BTIC Block Trade Requirements 
 
BTIC block trades must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 526. For a BTIC 
or BTIC block trade executed on a given Trading Day on or before the scheduled close of the 
Primary Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the Index 
closing value for the current Trading Day.  For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed on a given 
Trading Day after the scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures 
price shall be made by reference to the Index closing value for the next Trading Day. 
36006.B. 
BTIC Price Assignment Procedures 
 
The price assignment procedures for BTIC transactions shall follow Rule 524.B.3. 
 
36006.C. 
BTIC Minimum Price Increments 
 
The valid basis or price increment applied to the Index closing value to establish the BTIC futures 
price must be stated in full tick increments of 0.05 index points. 
36006.D. 
Market Disruption Events  
In the event of a market disruption in the Primary Listing Exchange, all pending and executed BTIC 
transactions in the corresponding futures contract shall be cancelled by the Exchange. Such 
disruption shall be declared by the Exchange in its sole discretion, and may include, without 
limitation, an unscheduled early close of the Primary Listing Exchange or a NYSE Rule 7.12 trading 
halt declared in response to a Level 3 (20%) decline in the S&P 500 Index that necessitates an 
early close of the Primary Listing Exchange.  
 
(End Chapter 360) 
 
INTERPRETATIONS AND SPECIAL NOTICES 
RELATING TO CHAPTER 360 
 
E–mini Nasdaq Biotechnology Index Futures and Options on E-mini Nasdaq Biotechnology Index Futures 
(Products) are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc. (including its 
affiliates) (Nasdaq, with its affiliates, are referred to as the Corporations).  The Corporations have not passed on 
the legality or suitability of, or the accuracy or adequacy of descriptions and disclosures relating to, the Products.  
The Corporations make no representation or warranty, express or implied, to the holder of any position in the 
Products or any member of the public regarding the advisability of investing in financial instruments generally or 
in the Products particularly, or the ability of the Nasdaq Biotechnology Index to track general stock market 
performance.  The Corporations' only relationship to Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. (Licensee) is in the 
licensing of certain trademarks, service marks, and trade names of the Corporations and the use of the Nasdaq 
Biotechnology Index, which is determined, composed and calculated by Nasdaq without regard to Licensee or 
the Products. Nasdaq has no obligation to take the needs of the Licensee or the holder of any position in the 
Products into consideration in determining, composing or calculating the Nasdaq Biotechnology Index.  The 
Corporations are not responsible for and have not participated in the determination or calculation of the equation 
by which the Products are to be converted into cash, in the case of Nasdaq Biotechnology Futures, or futures 
contracts, in the case of Options on Nasdaq Biotechnology Futures.  The Corporations have no liability in 
connection with the administration, marketing or trading of the Products.  
 
THE CORPORATIONS DO NOT GUARANTEE THE ACCURACY AND/OR UNINTERRUPTED CALCULATION 
OF THE NASDAQ BIOTECHNOLOGY INDEX OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN.  THE CORPORATIONS 
MAKE NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE RESULTS TO BE OBTAINED BY ANY PERSON 
OR ENTITY FROM THE USE OF THE NASDAQ BIOTECHNOLOGY INDEX, ANY OPENING, INTRA-DAY, OR 
CLOSING VALUE THEREOF, OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN, OR RELATING THERETO, IN 
CONNECTION WITH THE TRADING OF E–MINI NASDAQ BIOTECHNOLOGY FUTURES OR OPTIONS ON 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 6 of 6 
E–MINI NASDAQ BIOTECHNOLOGY FUTURES OR FOR ANY OTHER PURPOSE.  THE CORPORATIONS 
MAKE NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE WITH RESPECT TO THE 
NASDAQ BIOTECHNOLOGY INDEX, ANY OPENING, INTRA-DAY, OR CLOSING VALUE THEREOF, OR ANY 
DATA INCLUDED THEREIN OR RELATED THERETO, OR ANY E–MINI NASDAQ BIOTECHNOLOGY 
FUTURES CONTRACT OR OPTION ON A E–MINI NASDAQ BIOTECHNOLOGY FUTURES CONTRACT.  
WITHOUT LIMITING ANY OF THE FOREGOING, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE CORPORATIONS HAVE ANY 
LIABILITY FOR ANY SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOST 
PROFITS), EVEN IF NOTIFIED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  


 
 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 5 
 
Chapter 361 
Micro E-mini Nasdaq-100 Index® Futures 
 
36100. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Micro E-mini Nasdaq-100 Index futures (“futures”). In 
addition to this chapter, futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the 
Exchange as applicable. 
Unless otherwise specified, times referenced herein shall refer to and indicate Chicago time. 
36100.A. 
Market Decline 
For the purposes of this chapter a Market Decline shall be as defined in New York Stock Exchange 
Rule 7.12 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or in Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for 
Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
36100.B. 
Primary Listing Exchange 
For the purposes of this chapter a Primary Listing Exchange shall be as defined in the “Plan to 
Address Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission 
Pursuant to Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 
May 2012 by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), as amended from time to 
time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System Plans, File 4-631). 
36100.C. 
Regulatory Halt 
For the purposes of this chapter a Regulatory Halt shall be as defined in the “Plan to Address 
Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission Pursuant to 
Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 May 2012 
by the SEC, as amended from time to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System 
Plans, File 4-631) and as implemented under New York Stock Exchange Rule 7.12 for Trading 
Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or under Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for Trading Halts 
Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
36101. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each futures contract shall be valued at $2.00 times the Nasdaq-100 Index (“Nasdaq-100” or 
“Index”). The Index is a value-weighted composite index of prices of approximately 100 stocks. 
36101. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
36102.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange, provided that there shall be no trading in futures contracts 
when trading is halted in the Primary Futures Contract Month for E-mini Nasdaq-100 Index futures 
pursuant to Rule 35902.I.  
36102.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $2.00 times the Index. 
36102.C. 
Price Increments 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in Index points. The minimum price increment shall be 0.25 Index 
points, equal to $0.50 per contract, except for intermonth spreads executed pursuant to Rule 
542.A., for which the minimum price increment shall be 0.05 Index points, equal to $0.10 per 
intermonth spread. 
36102.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona file commercial purposes shall apply to 
the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 


 
 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 5 
 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
36102.E. 
[Reserved] 
36102.F. 
[Reserved] 
36102.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Subject to the Interpretations & Special Notices Relating to Chapter 361, there shall be no trading 
of expiring futures contracts after the open of the Primary Listing Exchange on the day of Final 
Settlement Price determination for such contracts (Rule 36103.A.). 
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of Final Settlement Price determination 
(Rule 36103.A), trading in the expiring futures shall terminate at the close of trading on the New 
York Stock Exchange on the immediately preceding Business Day.  
36102.H. 
[Reserved] 
36102.I. 
Price Limits and Trading Halts 
Futures trading shall be subject to Price Limits as set forth in this Rule.  
For the purpose of this Rule the Exchange shall determine, in its sole discretion, the futures 
delivery month that represents the Primary Futures Contract Month and when such Primary 
Futures Contract Month is limit bid or limit offered. 
1. Daily Determination of Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, Price Limits applicable to a futures contract for a given delivery month 
shall be calculated on the basis of the corresponding Reference Price (Rule 36102.I.1.a.) and the 
corresponding Offsets (Rule 36102.I.1.b.), as follows: 
7% Price Limits = Reference Price minus 7% Offset, and Reference Price plus 7% Offset 
13% Price Limit = Reference Price minus 13% Offset 
20% Price Limit = Reference Price minus 20% Offset 
1.a. Reference Prices for Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, for futures for a given delivery month, the Exchange shall set a contract 
Reference Price identical to the Reference Price determined pursuant to Rule 35902.I.1.a for E-
mini Nasdaq 100 Index Futures for the same Business Day. 
1.b. Offsets for Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, the Exchange shall set the 7%, 13% and 20% Offsets identical to the 
corresponding 7%, 13% and 20% Offsets for E-mini Nasdaq 100 Index futures determined 
pursuant to Rule 35902.I.1.b for the same Business Day.  
2. Application of Price Limits from Start of Trading Day to 8:30 a.m. 
From the start of any Trading Day until 8:30 a.m., there shall be no trading in futures for a given 
delivery month at any price that is either strictly lower than or strictly higher than the range defined 
by the 7% Price Limits (Rule 36102.I.1.) applicable to such futures on such Trading Day.  
Without limitation to the foregoing, the start of any Trading Day generally shall coincide with the 
start of the CME Globex trading session at 5:00 p.m. on the evening first preceding such Trading 
Day. 
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as 
set forth in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in 
the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
3. Application of Price Limits and Trading Halts from 8:30 a.m. to 2:25 p.m.  
Except as provided in Rules 36102.I.3.a. and 36102.I.3.b., from 8:30 a.m. until and including 2:25 
p.m., or from 8:30 a.m. until and including 11:25 a.m. in the case of an early scheduled close of the 
Primary Listing Exchange, futures for a given delivery month shall trade subject to the 
corresponding Price Limits (Rule 36102.I.1.), as follows:  
There shall be no futures trading at any price strictly lower than the corresponding 7% Price Limit, 
unless the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 7% Price Limit.  


 
 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 5 
 
At such time as the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, the 
Exchange shall initiate a 2-minute observation interval. At the conclusion of such observation 
interval:  
If the Primary Futures Contract Month is not limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, futures trading shall 
continue subject to the corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
If the Primary Futures Contract Month remains limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, futures trading 
shall halt for two (2) minutes, and shall then resume subject to the corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, 
the Exchange shall initiate a 2-minute observation interval. At the conclusion of such observation 
interval:  
If the Primary Futures Contract Month is not limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, futures trading shall 
continue subject to the corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
If the Primary Futures Contract Month remains limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, futures trading 
shall halt for two (2) minutes, and shall then resume subject to the corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
There shall be no futures trading at any price strictly lower than the corresponding 20% Price Limit.  
3.a. Regulatory Halts 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt (Rule 36100.C.) in 
response to a Level 1 (7%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt. Futures 
trading shall resume 10 minutes after the Regulatory Halt commences on the Primary Listing 
Exchange subject to the corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 
2 (13%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt. Futures trading shall 
resume 10 minutes after the Regulatory Halt commences on the Primary Listing Exchange subject 
to the corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 
3 (20%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt for the remainder of the 
trading session. 
3.b. Unscheduled Non-Regulatory Halts 
If an unscheduled trading halt that is not also a Regulatory Halt occurs on one or more Primary 
Listing Exchanges between 8:30 a.m. and 2.25 p.m., or between 8:30 a.m. and 11:25 a.m. in the 
case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange(s), then futures trading shall be 
subject to such trading halts or such price limits as the Exchange, in its sole discretion, may 
determine to be appropriate.  
4. Application of Price Limits from 2:25 p.m. to 3:00 p.m. 
From 2:25 p.m. to 3:00 p.m., or from 11:25 a.m. to noon in the case of an early scheduled close on 
the Primary Listing Exchange, trading in futures for a given delivery month shall be subject only to 
the corresponding 20% Price Limit (Rule 36102.I.1.).  
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 
3 (20%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt for the remainder of the 
trading session. 
5. Application of Price Limits from 3:00 p.m. to Close of Trading Day 
From the close of trading on the Primary Listing Exchange at 3:00 p.m., or at noon in the case of an 
early scheduled close on the Primary Listing Exchange, until the close of the current Trading Day, 
trading in futures for a given delivery month shall be subject to an upper Price Limit equal to the 
corresponding Reference Price determined on the current Business Day (Rule 36102.I.1.a.) plus 
the 7% Offset determined on the current Business Day (Rule 36102.I.1.b.). 
Trading in such futures also shall be subject to a lower Price Limit set as the corresponding 
Reference Price determined on the current Business Day minus the 7% Offset determined on the 
current Business Day, provided that such lower Price Limit shall be no lower than the 20% Price 
Limit (Rule 36102.I.1.) applicable to the current Trading Day. 


 
 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 4 of 5 
 
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as 
set forth in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in 
the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.  
Without limitation to the foregoing, the close of the current Trading Day generally shall coincide with 
the close of the CME Globex trading session on such Trading Day. 
36103. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement. 
36103.A. 
Final Settlement Price 
For a futures contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be a special 
opening quotation of the Index. Such special opening quotation shall be determined on the third 
Friday of such delivery month and shall be based on opening prices of the component stocks of the 
Index. 
If the Index is not scheduled to be published on the third Friday of the contract delivery month, then 
such Final Settlement Price shall be scheduled for determination on the first preceding Business 
Day on which the Index is scheduled to be published. 
If the Primary Listing Exchange for a component stock of the Index does not open on the day 
scheduled for determination of such Final Settlement Price, then for the purpose of calculating such 
Final Settlement Price the price of such component stock shall be its opening price on the next 
following day on which its Primary Listing Exchange is open for trading. 
If a component stock of the Index does not trade on the day scheduled for determination of such 
Final Settlement Price, and the Primary Listing Exchange for such stock is open for trading, then for 
the purpose of calculating such Final Settlement Price the price of such stock shall be its last sale 
price, provided that the Exchange in its sole discretion may instruct that the price of such stock 
shall be its opening price on the next following day that it is traded on its Primary Listing Exchange. 
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of final settlement price determination, the 
Final Settlement Price shall be the Official Index Closing Value published by the index publisher on 
the Business Day immediately preceding the original day of Final Settlement Price determination. 
36103.B. 
Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in an expiring futures contract at its termination of trading 
(Rule 36102.G.) shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in accordance 
with normal variation margin procedures based on such expiring contract’s Final Settlement Price 
(Rule 36103.A.). 
36104. 
[RESERVED]  
36105. 
[RESERVED] 
36106. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 361) 
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES  
RELATING TO CHAPTER 361 
 
Micro E–mini Nasdaq-100 Index Futures not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by Nasdaq, Inc. (including 
its affiliates) (Nasdaq, with its affiliates, are referred to as the Corporations). The Corporations have not passed 
on the legality or suitability of, or the accuracy or adequacy of descriptions and disclosures relating to, Micro E–
mini Nasdaq-100 Index Futures. The Corporations make no representation or warranty, express or implied to the 
owners of Micro E–mini Nasdaq-100 Index Futures or any member of the public regarding the advisability of 
investing in securities generally or in Micro E–mini Nasdaq-100 Index Futures particularly, or the ability of the 
Nasdaq-100® to track general stock market performance. Nasdaq has no obligation to take the needs of the 
CME or the owners of Micro E–mini Nasdaq-100 Index Futures into consideration in determining, composing or 
calculating the Nasdaq-100®. The Corporations are not responsible for and have not participated in the 
determination of the timing of, prices at, or quantities of Micro E–mini Nasdaq-100 Index Futures to be issued or 


 
 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 5 of 5 
 
in the determination or calculation of the equation by which Micro E–mini Nasdaq-100 Index Futures are to be 
converted into cash. The Corporations have no liability in connection with the administration, marketing or trading 
of Micro E–mini Nasdaq-100 Index Futures. 
 
THE CORPORATIONS DO NOT GUARANTEE THE ACCURACY AND/OR UNINTERRUPTED CALCULATION 
OF THE NASDAQ-100® OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN. THE CORPORATIONS MAKE NO 
WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO RESULTS TO BE OBTAINED BY CME, OWNERS OF MICRO E-
MINI NASDAQ-100 INDEX FUTURES, OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FROM THE USE OF THE 
NASDAQ-100® OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN. THE CORPORATIONS MAKE NO EXPRESS OR 
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR 
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE WITH RESPECT TO THE NASDAQ-100® OR ANY DATA 
INCLUDED THEREIN. WITHOUT LIMITING ANY OF THE FOREGOING, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE 
CORPORATIONS HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, 
INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, EVEN IF NOTIFIED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH 
DAMAGES. 
 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 8 
 
Chapter 361A 
Options on Micro E-mini Nasdaq-100 Index® Futures  
 
361A00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to options on Micro E-mini Nasdaq-100 Index® futures (“Micro 
E-mini Nasdaq-100 Index futures” or “futures”).  In addition to this chapter, options on futures shall 
be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange as applicable.  
 
Unless otherwise specified, times referenced herein shall refer to and indicate Chicago time.  
 
361A00.A. 
Primary Listing Exchange 
For the purposes of this chapter a Primary Listing Exchange shall be as defined in the “Plan to 
Address Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission 
Pursuant to Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 
May 2012 by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), as amended from time to 
time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System Plans, File 4-631). 
 
361A00.B. 
Regulatory Halt 
For the purposes of this chapter a Regulatory Halt shall be as defined in the “Plan to Address 
Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission Pursuant to 
Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 May 2012 
by the SEC, as amended from time to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System 
Plans, File 4-631) and as implemented under New York Stock Exchange Rule 80B for Trading 
Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or under Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for Trading Halts 
Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
361A01. 
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS 
361A01.A. 
Contract Months, Trading Hours, and Trading Halts 
Options shall be listed for expiration on such dates and shall be scheduled for trading during such 
hours as may be determined by the Exchange, provided that there shall be no trading in options 
when trading is halted in the Primary Futures Contract Month pursuant to Rule 35902.I.  
  
In accordance with Rule 35902.I. the Exchange shall determine, in its sole discretion, the futures 
delivery month that represents such Primary Futures Contract Month.  
 
361A01.B. 
Trading Unit 
 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy, in the case of a call, or to sell, in the case of a put, one 
(1) Micro E–mini Nasdaq-100 Index futures contract (Chapter 361). 
 
361A01.C. 
Minimum Fluctuations 
Option prices shall be quoted in Index points.  Each Index point shall represent $2.00 per option 
contract. 
 
Subject to Rule 361A01.C.1., the minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.25 Index points (equal to 
$0.50 per option contract), provided that trades at price levels equal to or less than 5.00 Index 
points may occur at price levels that are integer multiples of 0.05 Index points (equal to $0.10 per 
option contract), and provided that trade may occur at a price level of 0.05 Index points irrespective 
of whether such trade results in the liquidation of positions for both parties to such trade.  
 
1.  Option Spreads and Combinations 
Any option contract that trades as a component of a spread or combination shall be traded at a 
price that conforms to the applicable minimum price fluctuation as set forth in this Rule, provided 
that for any option spread or combination that trades at a net premium of 5.00 Index points or less, 
each option contract comprised within such spread or combination may trade in price increments of 
0.05 Index points. 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 8 
 
361A01.D. 
Underlying Futures Contract 
1.  American Style Options in the March Quarterly Cycle (“Quarterly options”)  
For any American style option for which the expiration month is in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., 
March, June, September, or December), the Underlying Futures Contract shall be for delivery in 
such option’s expiration month.   
 
Example:  For a given year, futures for delivery in March shall be the Underlying Futures 
Contract for a March Quarterly option. 
 
2. 
European Style Weekly Options 
For any European style Weekly option, the Underlying Futures Contract shall be for delivery on the 
third Friday of the March quarterly cycle month next following such option’s expiration, subject to 
Rule 36103.A. 
 
Examples:  For a given year, futures for delivery in June shall be the Underlying Futures 
Contract for third (3rd) March, fourth (4th) March, first (1st) April, second (2nd) April, third 
(3rd) April, fourth (4th) April, first (1st) May, second (2nd) May, third (3rd) May, fourth (4th) 
May, first (1st) June, and second (2nd) June European style Weekly options.  Futures for 
delivery in September shall be the Underlying Futures Contract for third (3rd) June and 
fourth (4th) June European style Weekly options. 
 
The Exchange shall not list a European style 4th Weekly option for trading in any instance where 
such option’s expiration would occur on the last Business Day of a month. 
 
3.  European Style Monday Weekly Options 
For any European style Monday Weekly option, the Underlying Futures Contract shall be for 
delivery on the third Friday of the March quarterly cycle month next following such option’s 
expiration, subject to Rule 36103.A. 
The Exchange shall not list a European style Monday Weekly option for trading in any instance 
where such option’s expiration would occur on the last Business Day of a month. 
 
4.  European Style Tuesday Weekly Options 
For any European style Tuesday Weekly option, the Underlying Futures Contract shall be for 
delivery on the third Friday of the March quarterly cycle month next following such option’s 
expiration, subject to Rule 36103.A. 
The Exchange shall not list a European style Tuesday Weekly option for trading in any instance 
where such option’s expiration would occur on the last Business Day of a month. 
 
5.  European Style Wednesday Weekly Options 
For any European style Wednesday Weekly option, the Underlying Futures Contract shall be for 
delivery on the third Friday of the March quarterly cycle month next following such option’s 
expiration, subject to Rule 36103.A. 
The Exchange shall not list a European style Wednesday Weekly option for trading in any instance 
where such option’s expiration would occur on the last Business Day of a month. 
 
6.  European Style Thursday Weekly Options 
For any European style Thursday Weekly option, the Underlying Futures Contract shall be for 
delivery on the third Friday of the March quarterly cycle month next following such option’s 
expiration, subject to Rule 36103.A. 
The Exchange shall not list a European style Thursday Weekly option for trading in any instance 
where such option’s expiration would occur on the last Business Day of a month. 
 
 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 8 
 
7.  European Style End of Month Options 
For any European style End of Month option, the Underlying Futures Contract shall be for delivery 
on the third Friday of the March quarterly cycle month next following such option’s expiration, 
subject to Rule 36103.A. 
 
 
Examples:  For a given year, futures for delivery in March shall be the Underlying Futures 
Contract for a January European style End of Month option and for a February European 
style End of Month option.  Futures for delivery in June shall be the Underlying Futures 
Contract for a March European style End of Month option.  
 
 
361A01.E. 
Exercise Prices 
 
Transactions and exercise of options shall be conducted for options contracts as set forth in the 
Strike Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table. 
 
The Exchange may modify the provisions governing the establishment of exercise prices as it 
deems appropriate. 
 
361A01.F. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits 
 
361A01.G. 
Nature of Options 
Upon exercise of a put option by the buyer of such option, the seller of such option shall incur the 
obligation to assume a long position in one Underlying Futures Contract (Rule 361A01.D.) at such 
option’s exercise price (Rule 361A01.E.).  Upon exercise of a call option by the buyer of such 
option, the seller of such option shall incur the obligation to assume a short position in one 
Underlying Futures Contract at such option’s exercise price. 
 
1. 
Quarterly Options 
The buyer of a Quarterly option (Rule 361A01.D.1.) may exercise such option at any time prior to 
its expiration. 
 
2. 
European Style Weekly Options, European Style Monday Weekly Options, European 
Style Tuesday Weekly Options, European Style Wednesday Weekly Options, European 
Style Thursday Weekly Options, and European Style End of Month Options  
The buyer of a European style Weekly option (Rule 361A01.D.2.), a European style Monday 
Weekly option (Rule 361A01.D.3.), a European style Tuesday Weekly option (Rule 361A01.D.4.), a 
European style Wednesday Weekly option (Rule 361A01.D.5.), a European style Thursday Weekly 
option (Rule 361A01.D.6.), or a European style End of Month option (Rule 361A01.D.7.) may 
exercise such option only at its expiration. 
 
361A01.H. 
[Reserved]  
 
361A01.I. 
Termination of Trading 
1. 
Quarterly Options  
Trading in any Quarterly option shall terminate on the same date and at the same time as the 
termination of trading in such option’s Underlying Futures Contract (Rule 361A01.D.1.).  
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 4 of 8 
 
2. 
European Style Weekly Options 
Trading in any European style Weekly option shall terminate at 3:00 p.m., or at noon in the case of 
an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 361A00.A.), on the Friday 
designated as such option’s expiration date.  For a given calendar month: 
 
Trading shall terminate in European style 1st Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the first Friday of such month. 
 
Trading shall terminate in European style 2nd Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the second Friday of such month 
 
Trading shall terminate in European style 3rd Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the third Friday of such month 
 
Trading shall terminate in European style 4th Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the fourth Friday of such month 
 
If the market in the Underlying Futures Contract for such option does not open on the day 
scheduled for termination of option trading and for option expiration, then trading in such option 
shall terminate, and such option shall expire, on the next day on which the market in such 
Underlying Futures Contract is open for trading. 
 
3. 
European Style Monday Weekly Options 
Trading in any European style Monday Weekly option shall terminate at 3:00 p.m., or at noon in the 
case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 361A00.A.), on the 
Monday designated as such option’s expiration date.  For a given calendar month: 
Trading shall terminate in European style 1st Monday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the first Monday of such month. 
Trading shall terminate in European style 2nd Monday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the second Monday of such month 
Trading shall terminate in European style 3rd Monday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the third Monday of such month 
Trading shall terminate in European style 4th Monday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the fourth Monday of such month 
Trading shall terminate in European style 5th Monday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the fifth Monday of such month 
If the market in the Underlying Futures Contract for such option does not open on the day 
scheduled for termination of option trading and for option expiration, then trading in such option 
shall terminate, and such option shall expire, on the next day on which the market in such 
Underlying Futures Contract is open for trading. 
 
4. 
European Style Tuesday Weekly Options 
Trading in any European style Tuesday Weekly option shall terminate at 3:00 p.m., or at noon in 
the case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 361A00.A.), on the 
Tuesday designated as such option’s expiration date.  For a given calendar month: 
Trading shall terminate in European style 1st Tuesday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the first Tuesday of such month. 
Trading shall terminate in European style 2nd Tuesday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the second Tuesday of such month 
Trading shall terminate in European style 3rd Tuesday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the third Tuesday of such month 
Trading shall terminate in European style 4th Tuesday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the fourth Tuesday of such month 
Trading shall terminate in European style 5th Tuesday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the fifth Tuesday of such month 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 5 of 8 
 
If the market in the Underlying Futures Contract for such option does not open on the day 
scheduled for termination of option trading and for option expiration, then trading in such option 
shall terminate, and such option shall expire, on the next day on which the market in such 
Underlying Futures Contract is open for trading. 
 
5. 
European Style Wednesday Weekly Options 
Trading in any European style Wednesday Weekly option shall terminate at 3:00 p.m., or at noon in 
the case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 361A00.A.), on the 
Wednesday designated as such option’s expiration date.  For a given calendar month: 
Trading shall terminate in European style 1st Wednesday Weekly options, and such options 
shall expire, on the first Wednesday of such month. 
Trading shall terminate in European style 2nd Wednesday Weekly options, and such options 
shall expire, on the second Wednesday of such month 
Trading shall terminate in European style 3rd Wednesday Weekly options, and such options 
shall expire, on the third Wednesday of such month 
Trading shall terminate in European style 4th Wednesday Weekly options, and such options 
shall expire, on the fourth Wednesday of such month 
Trading shall terminate in European style 5th Wednesday Weekly options, and such options 
shall expire, on the fifth Wednesday of such month 
If the market in the Underlying Futures Contract for such option does not open on the day 
scheduled for termination of option trading and for option expiration, then trading in such option 
shall terminate, and such option shall expire, on the next day on which the market in such 
Underlying Futures Contract is open for trading. 
 
6. 
European Style Thursday Weekly Options 
Trading in any European style Thursday Weekly option shall terminate at 3:00 p.m., or at noon in 
the case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 361A00.A.), on the 
Thursday designated as such option’s expiration date.  For a given calendar month: 
Trading shall terminate in European style 1st Thursday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the first Thursday of such month. 
Trading shall terminate in European style 2nd Thursday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the second Thursday of such month 
Trading shall terminate in European style 3rd Thursday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the third Thursday of such month 
Trading shall terminate in European style 4th Thursday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the fourth Thursday of such month 
Trading shall terminate in European style 5th Thursday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the fifth Thursday of such month 
If the market in the Underlying Futures Contract for such option does not open on the day 
scheduled for termination of option trading and for option expiration, then trading in such option 
shall terminate, and such option shall expire, on the next day on which the market in such 
Underlying Futures Contract is open for trading. 
 
7. 
European Style End Of Month Options 
Trading in any European style End of Month option shall terminate at 3:00 p.m., or at noon in the 
case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 361A00.A.), on the last 
Business Day of such option’s expiration month. 
 
If the market in the Underlying Futures Contract for such option does not open on the day 
scheduled for termination of option trading, then trading in such option shall terminate, and such 
option shall expire, on the next day on which the market in such Underlying Futures Contract is 
open for trading. 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 6 of 8 
 
 
8. 
Unscheduled Market Holiday 
Notwithstanding the aforementioned, if the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 361A00.A.) is closed in 
observance of an unscheduled market holiday on a day previously scheduled as a Business Day, 
then trading in option contracts that had been scheduled to expire on such day shall terminate, and 
such option contracts shall expire, on the Business Day immediately preceding such unscheduled 
market holiday.   
 
361A01.J. 
[Reserved] 
361A02. 
EXERCISE AND ASSIGNMENT 
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to 
the exercise of options. 
361A02.A. Exercise  
1. 
Quarterly Options 
Any Quarterly option (Rule 361A01.D.1.) may be exercised by the buyer on any Business Day on 
which such option may be traded.  To exercise such option, the clearing member representing the 
option buyer shall present an exercise notice to the Clearing House by 5:30 p.m., or by such other 
time as the Exchange may designate, on the day of exercise. 
  
Any unexercised option shall expire at 5:30 p.m. on the last day of trading in such option (Rule 
361A01.I.).  Any option that is in the money, and that has not been liquidated or exercised prior to 
its termination of trading, shall be exercised automatically upon expiration, in the absence of 
contrary instructions.  Such contrary instructions must be delivered to the Clearing House, by the 
clearing member representing the buyer of such option, no later than 5:30 p.m., or such other time 
as may be designated by the Exchange, on the last day of trading in such option. 
 
An expiring call option shall be in the money if the Final Settlement Price of such option’s 
Underlying Futures Contract (Rule 361A01.D.) on such option’s Expiration Date is strictly above 
such option’s exercise price and shall be out of the money if such settlement price is at or below 
such option’s exercise price. 
 
An expiring put option shall be in the money if the Final Settlement Price of such option’s 
Underlying Futures Contract on such option’s Expiration Date is strictly below such option’s 
exercise price and shall be out of the money if such Final Settlement Price is at or above such 
option’s exercise price. 
 
2. European Style Weekly Options, European Style Monday Weekly Options, European Style 
Tuesday Weekly Options, European Style Wednesday Weekly Options, European Style 
Thursday Weekly Options, and European Style End of Month Options 
Any European style Weekly option (Rule 361A01.D.2.), European style Monday Weekly option 
(Rule 361A01.D.3.), European style Tuesday Weekly option (Rule 361A01.D.4.), European style 
Wednesday Weekly option (Rule 361A01.D.5.), European style Thursday Weekly option (Rule 
361A01.D.6.), or  European style End of Month option (Rule 361A01.D.7.) may be exercised only 
at, and not before, expiration of such option. 
 
Following termination of trading in expiring options, any such option that is in the money shall be 
automatically exercised by the Clearing House, and any such option that is out of the money shall 
be abandoned by the Clearing House.  For the avoidance of doubt, no such option that expires in 
the money may be abandoned, and no such option that expires out of the money may be 
exercised. 
 
Whether an option expires in the money or out of the money shall be determined by the Exchange, 
in its sole discretion, by reference to the Fixing Price of such option’s Underlying Futures Contract 
(Rule 361A01.D.).  The Exchange, in its sole discretion, shall set such Fixing Price on the last day 
of trading in such option equal to the Fixing Price of the E-mini Nasdaq-100 Index futures pursuant 
to Rule 359A02.A as rounded to the nearest integer multiple of 0.01 Index points. 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 7 of 8 
 
An expiring call option shall be in the money if the corresponding Fixing Price is at or above such 
option’s exercise price and shall be out of the money if the corresponding Fixing Price is strictly 
below such option’s exercise price. 
 
An expiring put option shall be in the money if the corresponding Fixing Price is strictly below such 
option’s exercise price and shall be out of the money if the corresponding Fixing Price is at or 
above such option’s exercise price. 
 
361A02.B. 
Assignment 
For a given option contract, an exercise notice accepted by the Clearing House in accordance with 
Rule 361A02.A. shall be assigned by the Clearing House through a process of random selection to 
clearing members carrying open short positions in such option contract.  A clearing member to 
whom such exercise notice has been assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as practicable 
following such assignment. 
 
The clearing member to whom such exercise notice has been assigned shall be assigned a short 
position in such option’s Underlying Futures Contract (Rule 361A01.D.) if such option is a call, or a 
long position in such option’s Underlying Futures Contract if such option is a put.  The clearing 
member representing the option buyer making exercise shall be assigned a long position in such 
option’s Underlying Futures Contract if such option is a call, or a short position in such option’s 
Underlying Futures Contract if such option is a put. 
 
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of such option 
contract and shall be marked to market (in accordance with Rule 814) on the Business Day on 
which the Clearing House accepts such exercise notice. 
361A03. 
[RESERVED] 
361A04.  
[RESERVED] 
 
(End Chapter 361A) 
 
INTERPRETATIONS AND SPECIAL NOTICES 
RELATING TO CHAPTER 361 
 
Micro E–mini Nasdaq-100 Index Futures and Options on Nasdaq-100 Index Futures (Products) are not 
sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc. (including its affiliates) (Nasdaq, with 
its affiliates, are referred to as the Corporations).  The Corporations have not passed on the legality or suitability 
of, or the accuracy or adequacy of descriptions and disclosures relating to, the Products.  The Corporations 
make no representation or warranty, express or implied, to the holder of any position in the Products or any 
member of the public regarding the advisability of investing in financial instruments generally or in the Products 
particularly, or the ability of the Nasdaq-100 Index to track general stock market performance.  The Corporations' 
only relationship to Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. (Licensee) is in the licensing of certain trademarks, 
service marks, and trade names of the Corporations and the use of the Nasdaq 100 Index, which is determined, 
composed and calculated by Nasdaq without regard to Licensee or the Products.  Nasdaq has no obligation to 
take the needs of the Licensee or the holder of any position in the Products into consideration in determining, 
composing or calculating the Nasdaq-100 Index.  The Corporations are not responsible for and have not 
participated in the determination or calculation of the equation by which the Products are to be converted into 
cash, in the case of Nasdaq-100 Futures, or futures contracts, in the case of Options on Nasdaq-100 Futures.  
The Corporations have no liability in connection with the administration, marketing or trading of the Products. 
 
THE 
CORPORATIONS 
DO 
NOT 
GUARANTEE 
THE 
ACCURACY 
AND/OR 
UNINTERRUPTED 
CALCULATION OF THE NASDAQ 100 INDEX OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN.  THE CORPORATIONS 
MAKE NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE RESULTS TO BE OBTAINED BY ANY 
PERSON OR ENTITY FROM THE USE OF THE NASDAQ 100 INDEX, ANY OPENING, INTRA-DAY, OR 
CLOSING VALUE THEREOF, OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN, OR RELATING THERETO, IN 
CONNECTION WITH THE TRADING OF MICRO E–MINI NASDAQ 100 FUTURES OR OPTIONS ON MICRO 
E–MINI NASDAQ 100 FUTURES OR FOR ANY OTHER PURPOSE.  THE CORPORATIONS MAKE NO 
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 8 of 8 
 
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE WITH RESPECT TO THE 
NASDAQ 100 INDEX, ANY OPENING, INTRA-DAY, OR CLOSING VALUE THEREOF, OR ANY DATA 
INCLUDED THEREIN OR RELATED THERETO, OR ANY MICRO E–MINI NASDAQ 100 FUTURES 
CONTRACT OR OPTION ON A MICRO E–MINI NASDAQ 100 FUTURES CONTRACT.  WITHOUT LIMITING 
ANY OF THE FOREGOING, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE CORPORATIONS HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY 
SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS), EVEN IF 
NOTIFIED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                           Page 1 of 5 
Chapter 362 
E-mini Standard and Poor's Midcap 400® 
Stock Price Index Futures 
 
36200. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to E-mini S&P Midcap 400 Stock Price Index futures 
(“futures”). In addition to this chapter, futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of 
the Exchange as applicable. 
Unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate Chicago time. 
36200.A. 
Market Decline 
For the purposes of this chapter a Market Decline shall be as defined in New York Stock Exchange 
Rule 7.12 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or in Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for 
Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
36200.B. 
Primary Listing Exchange 
For the purposes of this chapter a Primary Listing Exchange shall be as defined in the “Plan to 
Address Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission 
Pursuant to Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 
May 2012 by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), as amended from time to 
time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System Plans, File 4-631). 
36200.C. 
Regulatory Halt 
For the purposes of this chapter a Regulatory Halt shall be as defined in the “Plan to Address 
Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission Pursuant to 
Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 May 2012 
by the SEC, as amended from time to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System 
Plans, File 4-631) and as implemented under New York Stock Exchange Rule 7.12 for Trading 
Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or under Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for Trading Halts 
Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
36201. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each futures contract shall be valued at $100.00 times the S&P Midcap 400 Stock Price Index 
(“Index”). 
36202. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
36202.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
36202.B. 
Trading Unit 
 
The unit of trading shall be $100.00 times the S&P Midcap 400 Stock Price Index. 
36202.C. 
Price Increments1 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in terms of the S&P Midcap 400 Stock Price Index points. The 
minimum price increment shall be 0.10 Index points, equal to $10.00 per contract, except for 
intermonth spreads executed pursuant to Rule 542.A., for which the minimum price increment shall 
be 0.05 Index points, equal to $5.00 per intermonth spread. 
36202.D. 
Position Limits 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
 
1 See Rule 36206.C. (BTIC Orders Minimum Price Increment) for information on the minimum price increment or 
Tick Size for BTIC Transactions. BTIC trades that are completed are based on the closing stock index value, and 
will be cleared in price increments of 0.01 index points, because the underlying stock index is reported to a two 
decimal place level precision. 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                           Page 2 of 5 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
36202.E. 
Reserved  
36202.F. 
Reserved 
36202.G. 
Termination of Trading  
Trading in expiring futures shall terminate at the regularly scheduled start of trading on the New 
York Stock Exchange on the Business Day scheduled for determination of the Final Settlement 
Price (Rule 36203.A.) for such futures. 
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of Final Settlement Price determination 
(Rule 36203.A), trading in the expiring futures shall terminate at the close of trading on the New 
York Stock Exchange on the immediately preceding Business Day.  
36202.H. 
Reserved 
36202.I. 
Price Limits and Trading Halts 
Futures trading shall be subject to Price Limits as set forth in this Rule. For the purpose of this Rule 
the Exchange shall determine, in its sole discretion, the futures delivery month that represents the 
Primary Futures Contract Month and when such Primary Futures Contract Month is limit bid or limit 
offered. 
1. Daily Determination of Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, Price Limits applicable to a futures contract for a given delivery month 
shall be calculated on the basis of the corresponding Reference Price (Rule 36202.I.1.a.) and the 
corresponding Offsets (Rule 36202.I.1.b.), as follows: 
7% Price Limits = Reference Price minus 7% Offset, and Reference Price plus 7% Offset 
13% Price Limit = Reference Price minus 13% Offset 
20% Price Limit = Reference Price minus 20% Offset 
1.a. Reference Prices for Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, for futures for a given delivery month, the Exchange shall set a contract 
Reference Price on the first preceding Business Day, as follows: 
Tier 1 
Such Reference Price shall be based on the volume-weighted average price of transactions in such 
futures on the CME Globex electronic trading platform during the interval (i) between 2:59:30 p.m. 
and 3:00:00 p.m., or (ii) in the case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange, 
between 11:59:30 a.m. and noon, or (iii) in the event of an unscheduled early close of the Primary 
Listing Exchange, the final thirty (30) seconds of the Primary Listing Exchange trading day 
(“Reference Interval”). 
Tier 2 
If no such transaction occurs during the Reference Interval, then such Reference Price shall be 
based on the average of midpoints of bid/ask spreads for such futures quoted on CME Globex 
during the Reference Interval, provided that the Reference Price calculation shall exclude the 
midpoint value for any such bid/ask spread that is wider than 0.20 Index points (equal to two (2) 
minimum price increments). 
Tier 3 
If such Reference Price cannot be determined pursuant to Tier 1 or Tier 2, then the Exchange, in its 
sole discretion, shall set such Reference Price by alternative means which may include, but are not 
limited to, derivation by reference to the basis relationship between such futures contract’s price 
and the Index, or application of Tier 1 and Tier 2 calculations to successive time intervals of 
increasing length, in integer multiples of thirty (30) seconds, until suitable price data are obtained. 
The resultant Reference Price value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of 0.1 
Index point. Such Reference Price, so rounded, shall be used for determination of the 
corresponding Price Limits. 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                           Page 3 of 5 
For newly listed futures for a given delivery month, the Exchange shall set, in its sole discretion, a 
Reference Price value for the purpose of determining Price Limits for the first day of trading in such 
futures. 
1.b. Offsets for Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, the Exchange shall determine Offsets on the basis of the Index value 
(“I”) at the close of trading on the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 36200.B.) on the first preceding 
Business Day, as follows: 
7% Offset = 
7% of I  (0.07 x I)  
13% Offset = 
13% of I  
(0.13 x I)  
20% Offset = 
20% of I  
(0.20 x I)  
Each resultant Offset value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of 0.1 Index 
point. Each such Offset, so rounded, shall be used in determination of the corresponding Price 
Limits. 
2. Application of Price Limits from Start of Trading Day to 8:30 a.m. 
From the start of any Trading Day until 8:30 a.m., there shall be no trading in futures for a given 
delivery month at any price that is either strictly lower than or strictly higher than the range defined 
by the 7% Price Limits (Rule 36202.I.1.) applicable to such futures on such Trading Day.  
Without limitation to the foregoing, the start of any Trading Day generally shall coincide with the 
start of the CME Globex trading session at 5:00 p.m. on the evening first preceding such Trading 
Day. 
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as 
set forth in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in 
the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.  
3. Application of Price Limits and Trading Halts from 8:30 a.m. to 2:25 p.m.  
Except as provided in Rules 36202.I.3.a. and 36202.I.3.b., from 8:30 a.m. until and including 2:25 
p.m., or from 8:30 a.m. until and including 11:25 a.m. in the case of an early scheduled close of the 
Primary Listing Exchange, futures for a given delivery month shall trade subject to the 
corresponding Price Limits (Rule 36202.I.1.), as follows:  
There shall be no futures trading at any price strictly lower than the corresponding 7% Price Limit, 
unless the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 7% Price Limit.  
At such time as the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, the 
Exchange shall initiate a 2-minute observation interval. At the conclusion of such observation 
interval:  
If the Primary Futures Contract Month is not limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, futures trading shall 
continue subject to the corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
If the Primary Futures Contract Month remains limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, futures trading 
shall halt for two (2) minutes, and shall then resume subject to the corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, 
the Exchange shall initiate a 2-minute observation interval. At the conclusion of such observation 
interval:  
If the Primary Futures Contract Month is not limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, futures trading shall 
continue subject to the corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
If the Primary Futures Contract Month remains limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, futures trading 
shall halt for two (2) minutes, and shall then resume subject to the corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
There shall be no futures trading at any price strictly lower than the corresponding 20% Price Limit.  
3.a. Regulatory Halts 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt (Rule 36200.C.) in 
response to a Level 1 (7%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt. When 
trading resumes on the Primary Listing Exchange, futures trading shall resume subject to the 
corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 
2 (13%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt. When trading resumes on 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                           Page 4 of 5 
the Primary Listing Exchange, futures trading shall resume subject to the corresponding 20% Price 
Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 
3 (20%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt for the remainder of the 
trading session. 
3.b. Unscheduled Non-Regulatory Halts 
If an unscheduled trading halt that is not also a Regulatory Halt occurs on one or more Primary 
Listing Exchanges between 8:30 a.m. and 2.25 p.m., or between 8:30 a.m. and 11:25 a.m. in the 
case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange(s), then futures trading shall be 
subject to such trading halts or such price limits as the Exchange, in its sole discretion, may 
determine to be appropriate.  
4. Application of Price Limits from 2:25 p.m. to 3:00 p.m. 
From 2:25 p.m. to 3:00 p.m., or from 11:25 a.m. to noon in the case of an early scheduled close on 
the Primary Listing Exchange, trading in futures for a given delivery month shall be subject only to 
the corresponding 20% Price Limit (Rule 36202.I.1.).  
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 
3 (20%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt for the remainder of the 
trading session. 
5. Application of Price Limits from 3:00 p.m. to Close of Trading Day 
From the close of trading on the Primary Listing Exchange at 3:00 p.m., or at noon in the case of an 
early scheduled close on the Primary Listing Exchange, until the close of the current Trading Day, 
trading in futures for a given delivery month shall be subject to an upper Price Limit equal to the 
corresponding Reference Price determined on the current Business Day (Rule 36202.I.1.a.) plus 
the 7% Offset determined on the current Business Day (Rule 36202.I.1.b.). 
Trading in such futures also shall be subject to a lower Price Limit set as the corresponding 
Reference Price determined on the current Business Day minus the 7% Offset determined on the 
current Business Day, provided that such lower Price Limit shall be no lower than the 20% Price 
Limit (Rule 36202.I.1.) applicable to the current Trading Day. 
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as 
set forth in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in 
the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.  
Without limitation to the foregoing, the close of the current Trading Day generally shall coincide with 
the close of the CME Globex trading session on such Trading Day. 
36203. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement. 
36203.A. 
Final Settlement Price 
For a futures contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be a special 
opening quotation of the Index. Such special opening quotation shall be determined on the third 
Friday of such delivery month and shall be based on opening prices of the component stocks of the 
Index. 
If the Index is not scheduled to be published on the third Friday of the contract delivery month, then 
such Final Settlement Price shall be scheduled for determination on the first preceding Business 
Day on which the Index is scheduled to be published. 
If the Primary Listing Exchange does not open on the day scheduled for determination of such Final 
Settlement Price, then the Final Settlement Price shall be a special opening quotation of the Index 
on the next following day on which the Primary Listing Exchange is open for trading. 
If a component stock of the Index does not trade on the day scheduled for determination of such 
Final Settlement Price, and the Primary Listing Exchange is open for trading, then for the purpose 
of calculating such Final Settlement Price the price of such stock shall be its closing price on the 
first preceding Primary Listing Exchange trading day, provided that the Exchange, in its sole 
discretion, may instruct that the price of such stock shall be the Primary Listing Exchange’s Official 
Opening Price of such stock on the next following Primary Listing Exchange trading day. 
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of final settlement price determination, the 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                           Page 5 of 5 
Final Settlement Price shall be the Official Index Closing Value published by the index publisher on 
the Business Day immediately preceding the original day of Final Settlement Price determination. 
36204. 
[RESERVED] 
36205.  
[RESERVED] 
36206.  
BASIS TRADE AT INDEX CLOSE (“BTIC”) TRANSACTIONS 
 
All BTIC transactions must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 524.B. 
 
36206.A. 
BTIC Block Trade Requirements 
 
BTIC block trades must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 526.  
 
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed on a given Trading Day on or before the scheduled close 
of the Primary Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the 
Index closing value for the current Trading Day.  
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed on a given Trading Day after the scheduled close of the 
Primary Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the Index 
closing value for the next Trading Day. 
 
36206.B. 
BTIC Price Assignment Procedures  
 
 The price assignment procedures for BTIC transactions shall follow Rule 524.B.3.  
 
36206.C. 
BTIC Minimum Price Increments 
 
 The valid basis or price increment applied to the Index closing value to establish the BTIC futures 
price must be stated in full tick increments of 0.05 index points. 
36206.D. 
Market Disruption Events  
In the event of a market disruption in the Primary Listing Exchange, all pending and executed BTIC 
transactions in the corresponding futures contract shall be cancelled by the Exchange. Such 
disruption shall be declared by the Exchange in its sole discretion, and may include, without 
limitation, an unscheduled early close of the Primary Listing Exchange or a NYSE Rule 7.12 trading 
halt declared in response to a Level 3 (20%) decline in the S&P 500 Index that necessitates an 
early close of the Primary Listing Exchange.  
 
(End Chapter 362) 
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES  
RELATING TO CHAPTER 362 
Standard & Poor's, a division of the McGraw–Hill Companies, Inc. ("S&P"), licenses the Exchange to use various 
S&P stock indices ("S&P Stock Indices") in connection with the trading of futures contracts and options on 
futures contracts based upon such indices. S&P shall have no liability for damages, claims, losses or expenses 
caused by any errors or delays in calculating or disseminating the S&P Stock Indices. 
Standard & Poor's, a division of the McGraw–Hill Companies, Inc. ("S&P"), does not guarantee the accuracy 
and/or completeness of the S&P Stock Indices or any data included therein. S&P makes no warranty, express or 
implied, as to the results to be obtained by any person or any entity from the use of the S&P Stock Indices or any 
data included therein in connection with the trading of futures contracts, options on futures contracts and any 
other use. S&P makes no express or implied warranties, and expressly disclaims all warranties of 
merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use with respect to the S&P Stock Indices or any data 
included therein. Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall S&P have any liability for any special, 
punitive, indirect or consequential damages (including lost profits), even if notified of the possibility of such 
damages. 
 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 1 of 5 
 
 
 
 
Chapter 362A 
Options on E-mini Standard & Poor’s MidCap 400® 
Stock Price Index Futures 
362A00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to options on E-mini S&P MidCap 400 Stock Price Index futures 
(“futures”).  In addition to this chapter, options on futures shall be subject to the general rules and 
regulations of the Exchange as applicable.  
Unless otherwise specified, times referenced herein shall refer to and indicate Chicago time.  
362A00.A. 
Primary Listing Exchange 
For the purposes of this chapter a Primary Listing Exchange shall be as defined in the “Plan to Address 
Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission Pursuant to Rule 
608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 May 2012 by the U.S. 
Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), as amended from time to tie (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, 
National Market System Plans, File 4-631). 
362A00.B. 
Regulatory Halt 
For the purposes of this chapter a Regulatory Halt shall be as defined in the “Plan to Address 
Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission Pursuant to Rule 
608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 May 2012 by the 
SEC, as amended from time to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System Plans, File 4-
631) and as implemented under New York Stock Exchange Rule 7.12 for Trading Halts Due to 
Extraordinary Volatility or under Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary 
Volatility. 
362A01. 
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS 
362A01.A. 
Contract Months, Trading Hours, and Trading Halts 
Options shall be listed for expiration on such dates and shall be scheduled for trading during such hours 
as may be determined by the Exchange, provided that there shall be no trading in options when trading 
is halted in the Primary Futures Contract Month pursuant to Rule 36202.I.  
 In accordance with Rule 36202.I. the Exchange shall determine, in its sole discretion, the futures 
delivery month that represents such Primary Futures Contract Month. 
362A01.B. 
Trading Unit 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy, in the case of the call, or to sell, in the case of the put, one E-
Mini S&P MidCap 400 Stock Price Index futures contract (Chapter 362). 
362A01.C. 
Minimum Fluctuations 
Option prices shall be quoted in Index points.  Each Index point shall represent $100.00 per option 
contract. 
The minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.050 Index points (equal to $5.00 per option contract), provided 
that trade may occur at a price of 0.025 Index points (equal to $2.50 per option contract), irrespective of 
whether such trade results in the liquidation of positions for both parties to such trade. 
362A01.D. 
Underlying Futures Contract 
1. American Style Options in the March Quarterly Cycle (“Quarterly Options”)  
For any American style option for which the expiration month is in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., March, 
June, September, or December), the Underlying Futures Contract shall be for delivery in such option’s 
expiration month.  Example:  For a given year, futures for delivery in March shall be the Underlying 
Futures Contract for a March Quarterly option. 
2. European Style Weekly Options  
For any European Style Weekly option the Underlying Futures Contract shall be for delivery in the 
March quarterly cycle month next following such option’s expiration month. Example: For a given year, 
futures for delivery in March shall be the Underlying Futures Contract for a January European Style 
Weekly option and for a February European Style Weekly option. 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 2 of 5 
 
 
 
362A01.E. 
Exercise Prices 
Transactions and exercise of options shall be conducted for options contracts as set forth in the Strike 
Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table. 
The Exchange may modify the provisions governing the establishment of exercise prices as it deems 
appropriate. 
362A01.F. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set 
forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & 
Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to 
the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions 
from the specified position limits. 
362A01.G. Nature of Options 
Upon exercise of a put option by the buyer of such option, the seller of such option shall incur the 
obligation to assume a long position in one Underlying Futures Contract (Rule 362A01.D.) at such 
option’s exercise price (Rule 362A01.E.).  Upon exercise of a call option by the buyer of such option, 
the seller of such option shall incur the obligation to assume a short position in one Underlying Futures 
Contract at such option’s exercise price. 
1. Quarterly Options  
The buyer of a Quarterly option (Rule 362A01.D.1.) may exercise such option at any time prior to its 
expiration. 
 
2. European Style Weekly Options  
The buyer of a European Style Weekly option (Rule 362A01.D.2.) may exercise such option only at its 
expiration. 
362A01.H. 
[Reserved]  
362A01.I. 
Termination of Trading 
1. Quarterly Options  
Trading in any Quarterly option shall terminate on the same date and at the same time as the 
termination of trading in such option’s Underlying Futures Contract (Rule 362A01.D.1.).  
2. European Style Weekly Options  
Trading in any European Style Weekly option shall terminate at the close of trading in such option’s 
Underlying Futures Contract (Rule 362A01.D.2.) on the third Friday of such option’s expiration month. If 
such third Friday is not a scheduled Business Day, then trading in expiring options shall terminate on 
the first preceding Business Day.  
If the market in the Underlying Futures Contract for such option does not open on the day scheduled for 
termination of option trading, trading in such option shall terminate on the next day on which the market 
in such Underlying Futures Contract is open for trading. 
3. Unscheduled Market Holiday 
Notwithstanding the aforementioned, if the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 362A00.A.) is closed in 
observance of an unscheduled market holiday on a day previously scheduled as a Business Day, then 
trading in option contracts that had been scheduled to expire on such day shall terminate, and such 
option contracts shall expire, on the Business Day immediately preceding such unscheduled market 
holiday.   
362A01.J. 
[Reserved]  
362A02.  
EXERCISE AND ASSIGNMENT 
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to the 
exercise of options. 
362A02.A. 
Exercise  


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 3 of 5 
 
 
 
1. Quarterly Options  
Any Quarterly option (Rule 362A01.D.1.) may be exercised by the buyer on any Business Day on which 
such option may be traded.  To exercise such option, the clearing member representing the option 
buyer shall present an exercise notice to the Clearing House by 5:30 p.m., or by such other time as the 
Exchange may designate, on the day of exercise. 
 Any unexercised option shall expire at 5:30 p.m. on the last day of trading in such option (Rule 
362A01.I.).  Any option that is in the money, and that has not been liquidated or exercised prior to its 
termination of trading, shall be exercised automatically upon expiration, in the absence of contrary 
instructions.  Such contrary instructions must be delivered to the Clearing House, by the clearing 
member representing the buyer of such option, no later than 5:30 p.m., or such other time as may be 
designated by the Exchange, on the last day of trading in such option. 
A call option shall be in the money if the settlement price of such option’s Underlying Futures Contract 
(Rule 362A01.D.) on the last day of trading in such option (Rule 362A01.I.) is strictly above such 
option’s exercise price, and shall be out of the money if such settlement price is at or below such 
option’s exercise price.  
A put option shall be in the money if the settlement price of such option’s Underlying Futures Contract 
on the last day of trading in such option is strictly below such option’s exercise price, and shall be out of 
the money if such settlement price is at or above such option’s exercise price. 
2. European Style Weekly Options 
Any European Style Weekly option (Rule 362A01.D.2.) may be exercised only at, and not before, 
expiration of such option.  
Following termination of trading in expiring options, any such option that is in the money shall be 
automatically exercised by the Clearing House, and any such option that is out of the money shall be 
abandoned by the Clearing House. For the avoidance of doubt, no such option that expires in the 
money may be abandoned, and no such option that expires out of the money may be exercised.  
Whether an option expires in the money or out of the money shall be determined by the Exchange, in its 
sole discretion, by reference to the Fixing Price of such option’s Underlying Futures Contract (Rule 
362A01.D.). The Exchange, in its sole discretion, shall set such Fixing Price on the last day of trading in 
such option, as follows:  
Tier 1  
Such Fixing Price shall be based on the volume-weighted average price of transactions in such 
futures on the CME Globex electronic trading platform during the interval (i) between 2:59:30 p.m. 
and 3:00:00 p.m., or (ii) in the case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange, 
between 11:59:30 a.m. and noon, or (iii) in the event of an unscheduled early close of the Primary 
Listing Exchange, the final thirty (30) seconds of the Primary Listing Exchange trading day 
(“Reference Interval”). 
Tier 2  
If no such transaction occurs during the Reference Interval, then such Fixing Price shall be based 
on the average of midpoints of bid/ask spreads for such futures quoted on CME Globex during the 
Reference Interval, provided that the Fixing Price calculation shall exclude the midpoint value for 
any such bid/ask spread that is wider than 0.20 Index points (equal to two (2) minimum price 
increments).  
Tier 3  
If such Fixing Price cannot be determined pursuant to Tier 1 or Tier 2, or if an unscheduled non-
regulatory halt in CME Globex trading in such Underlying Futures Contract occurs between 2:58:00 
p.m. and 3:00:00 p.m., then such Fixing Price shall be based on the average transaction price 
during such Reference Interval of the CME Standard and Poor’s 400 Stock Price Index (“S&P 400”) 
futures contract (Chapter 362) for the same delivery month as such option’s Underlying Futures 
Contract (Rule 362A01.D.).  
Tier 4  
If such Fixing Price cannot be determined pursuant to Tier 1, Tier 2, or Tier 3, then the Exchange, 
in its sole discretion, shall set such Fixing Price by alternative means which may include, but are 
not limited to, derivation by reference to the basis relationship between such futures contract’s price 
and the Index, or application of Tier 1, Tier 2, or Tier 3 calculations to successive time intervals of 
increasing length, in integer multiples of thirty (30) seconds, until suitable price data are obtained.  


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 4 of 5 
 
 
 
The resultant Fixing Price value shall be rounded to the nearest integer multiple of 0.01 Index points. 
Such Fixing Price, so rounded, shall be used to determine whether an option expires in the money or 
out of the money.  
If, at the time such Fixing Price is scheduled to be calculated in respect of expiring options, the Primary 
Listing Exchange (Rule 362A00.A.) is subject to a Regulatory Halt (Rule 362A00.B.), and the Primary 
Futures Contract Month is limit offered at the maximum price limit permissible during such Regulatory 
Halt pursuant to Rule 36202.I., then (a) such option shall expire at 8:31 a.m. on the next following 
Business Day on which a Regulatory Halt is not in effect, and (b) the Fixing Price in respect of such 
option shall be calculated in accordance with the corresponding provisions of this Rule, on the basis of 
a reference interval beginning at 8:30:30 a.m. and concluding at 8:31:00 a.m. If, during any portion of 
the 30-second period from 8:30:30 a.m. – 8:31:00 a.m. CT, there is a Level 1 or Level 2 Regulatory Halt 
in effect, the Fixing Price shall be calculated using trades consummated during the 30-second period 
commencing with the lifting of such Regulatory Halt.  If a subsequent Regulatory Halt is declared during 
this 30-second period, the calculation of the Fixing Price shall be based strictly on those trades 
consummated prior to such subsequent Regulatory Halt. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in the event there is a Level 1 or Level 2 Regulatory Halt during the time 
period of 8:30:30 – 8:31:00 am CT, no trades during that time period (8:30:30 – 8:31:00 am CT) will be 
used in the calculation of the Fixing Price. 
An expiring call option shall be in the money if the corresponding Fixing Price is at or above such 
option’s exercise price, and shall be out of the money if the corresponding Fixing Price is strictly below 
such option’s exercise price.  
An expiring put option shall be in the money if the corresponding Fixing Price is strictly below such 
option’s exercise price, and shall be out of the money if the corresponding Fixing Price is at or above 
such option’s exercise price.  
362A02.B. 
Assignment 
For a given option contract, an exercise notice accepted by the Clearing House in accordance with 
Rules 362A02.A. shall be assigned by the Clearing House through a process of random selection to 
clearing members carrying open short positions in such option contract.  A clearing member to whom 
such exercise notice has been assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as practicable following such 
assignment. 
The clearing member to whom such exercise notice has been assigned shall be assigned a short 
position in such option’s Underlying Futures Contract (Rules 362A01.D.) if such option is a call, or a 
long position in such option’s Underlying Futures Contract if such option is a put.  The clearing member 
representing the option buyer making exercise shall be assigned a long position in such option’s 
Underlying Futures Contract if such option is a call, or a short position in such option’s Underlying 
Futures Contract if such option is a put. 
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of such option 
contract, and shall be marked to market (in accordance with Rule 814) on the Business Day on which 
the Clearing House accepts such exercise notice. 
362A03. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 362A) 
 
INTERPRETATIONS AND SPECIAL NOTICES 
RELATING TO CHAPTER 362A 
Standard & Poor's, a division of the McGraw–Hill Companies, Inc. ("S&P"), licenses the Exchange to use 
various S&P stock indices ("S&P Stock Indices") in connection with the trading of futures contracts and options 
on futures contracts based upon such indices. S&P shall have no liability for damages, claims, losses or 
expenses caused by any errors or delays in calculating or disseminating the S&P Stock Indices. 
 
Standard & Poor's, a division of the McGraw–Hill Companies, Inc. ("S&P"), does not guarantee the accuracy 
and/or completeness of the S&P Stock Indices or any data included therein. S&P makes no warranty, express 
or implied, as to the results to be obtained by any person or any entity from the use of the S&P Stock Indices 
or any data included therein in connection with the trading of futures contracts, options on futures contracts 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 5 of 5 
 
 
 
and any other use. S&P makes no express or implied warranties, and expressly disclaims all warranties of 
merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use with respect to the S&P Stock Indices or any data 
included therein. Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall S&P have any liability for any special, 
punitive, indirect or consequential damages (including lost profits), even if notified of the possibility of such 
damages. 
 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 4 
Chapter 363 
Micro E-mini Russell 2000® Index Futures 
 
36300. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Micro E-mini Russell 2000 Index futures (“futures”). In 
addition to this chapter, futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the 
Exchange as applicable. 
Unless otherwise specified, times referenced herein shall refer to and indicate Chicago time. 
36300.A. 
Market Decline 
For the purposes of this chapter a Market Decline shall be as defined in New York Stock Exchange 
Rule 7.12 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or in Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for 
Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
36300.B. 
Primary Listing Exchange 
For the purposes of this chapter a Primary Listing Exchange shall be as defined in the “Plan to 
Address Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission 
Pursuant to Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 
May 2012 by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), as amended from time to 
time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System Plans, File 4-631). 
36300.C. 
Regulatory Halt 
For the purposes of this chapter a Regulatory Halt shall be as defined in the “Plan to Address 
Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission Pursuant to 
Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 May 2012 
by the SEC, as amended from time to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System 
Plans, File 4-631) and as implemented under New York Stock Exchange Rule 7.12 for Trading 
Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or under Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for Trading Halts 
Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
36301. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each futures contract shall be valued at $5.00 times the Russell 2000 Index (“Index”). 
36302. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
36302.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange, provided that there shall be no trading in futures contracts 
when trading is halted in the Primary Futures Contract Month for E-mini Russell 2000 Stock Price 
Index futures pursuant to Rule 39302.I.  
36302.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $5.00 times the Index. 
36302.C. 
Price Increments 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in Index points. The minimum price increment shall be 0.10 Index 
points, equal to $0.50 per contract, except for intermonth spreads executed pursuant to Rule 
542.A., for which the minimum price increment shall be 0.05 Index points, equal to $0.25 per 
intermonth spread. 
36302.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona file commercial purposes shall apply to 
the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 4 
36302.E. 
[Reserved] 
36302.F. 
[Reserved] 
36302.G. 
Termination of Trading 
 Trading in expiring futures shall terminate at the regularly scheduled start of trading on the New 
York Stock Exchange on the Business Day scheduled for determination of the Final Settlement 
Price (Rule 36303.A.) for such futures. 
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of Final Settlement Price determination 
(Rule 36303.A), trading in the expiring futures shall terminate at the close of trading on the New 
York Stock Exchange on the immediately preceding Business Day.  
36302.H. 
[Reserved] 
36302.I. 
Price Limits and Trading Halts 
Futures trading shall be subject to Price Limits as set forth in this Rule. 
For the purpose of this Rule the Exchange shall determine, in its sole discretion, the futures 
delivery month that represents the Primary Futures Contract Month and when such Primary 
Futures Contract Month is limit bid or limit offered. 
1. Daily Determination of Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, Price Limits applicable to a futures contract for a given delivery month 
shall be calculated on the basis of the corresponding Reference Price (Rule 36302.I.1.a.) and the 
corresponding Offsets (Rule 36302.I.1.b.), as follows: 
 
7% Price Limits = Reference Price minus 7% Offset, and Reference Price plus 7% Offset 
 
13% Price Limit = Reference Price minus 13% Offset 
 
20% Price Limit = Reference Price minus 20% Offset 
1.a. Reference Prices for Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, for futures for a given delivery month, the Exchange shall set a contract 
Reference Price identical to the Reference Price determined pursuant to Rule 39302.I.1.a. for E-
mini Russell 2000 Index Futures for the same Business Day. 
1.b. Offsets for Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, the Exchange shall set the 7%, 13% and 20% Offsets identical to the 
corresponding 7%, 13% and 20% Offsets for E-mini Russell 2000 Index futures determined 
pursuant to Rule 39302.I.1.b. for the same Business Day. 
2. Application of Price Limits from Start of Trading Day to 8:30 a.m. 
From the start of any Trading Day until 8:30 a.m., there shall be no trading in futures for a given 
delivery month at any price that is either strictly lower than or strictly higher than the range defined 
by the 7% Price Limits (Rule 36302.I.1.) applicable to such futures on such Trading Day. 
Without limitation to the foregoing, the start of any Trading Day generally shall coincide with the 
start of the CME Globex trading session at 5:00 p.m. on the evening first preceding such Trading 
Day. 
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as 
set forth in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in 
the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
3. Application of Price Limits and Trading Halts from 8:30 a.m. to 2:25 p.m. 
Except as provided in Rules 36302.I.3.a. and 36302.I.3.b., from 8:30 a.m. until and including 2:25 
p.m., or from 8:30 a.m. until and including 11:25 a.m. in the case of an early scheduled close of the 
Primary Listing Exchange, futures for a given delivery month shall trade subject to the 
corresponding Price Limits (Rule 36302.I.1.), as follows: 
There shall be no futures trading at any price strictly lower than the corresponding 7% Price Limit, 
unless the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 7% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, the 
Exchange shall initiate a 2-minute observation interval. At the conclusion of such observation 
interval: 
If the Primary Futures Contract Month is not limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, futures trading shall 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 4 
continue subject to the corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
If the Primary Futures Contract Month remains limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, futures trading 
shall halt for two (2) minutes, and shall then resume subject to the corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, 
the Exchange shall initiate a 2-minute observation interval. At the conclusion of such observation 
interval: 
If the Primary Futures Contract Month is not limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, futures trading shall 
continue subject to the corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
If the Primary Futures Contract Month remains limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, futures trading 
shall halt for two (2) minutes, and shall then resume subject to the corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
 
 
 
There shall be no futures trading at any price strictly lower than the corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
3.a. Regulatory Halts 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt (Rule 36300.C.) in 
response to a Level 1 (7%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt. Futures 
trading shall resume 10 minutes after the Regulatory Halt commences on the Primary Listing 
Exchange subject to the corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 
2 (13%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt. Futures trading shall 
resume 10 minutes after the Regulatory Halt commences on the Primary Listing Exchange subject 
to the corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 
3 (20%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt for the remainder of the 
trading session. 
3.b. Unscheduled Non-Regulatory Halts  
If an unscheduled trading halt that is not also a Regulatory Halt occurs on one or more Primary 
Listing Exchanges between 8:30 a.m. and 2.25 p.m., or between 8:30 a.m. and 11:25 a.m. in the 
case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange(s), then futures trading shall be 
subject to such trading halts or such price limits as the Exchange, in its sole discretion, may 
determine to be appropriate.  
4. Application of Price Limits from 2:25 p.m. to 3:00 p.m.  
From 2:25 p.m. to 3:00 p.m., or from 11:25 a.m. to noon in the case of an early scheduled close on 
the Primary Listing Exchange, trading in futures for a given delivery month shall be subject only to 
the corresponding 20% Price Limit (Rule 36302.I.1.).  
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 
3 (20%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt for the remainder of the 
trading session.  
5. Application of Price Limits from 3:00 p.m. to Close of Trading Day  
From the close of trading on the Primary Listing Exchange at 3:00 p.m., or at noon in the case of an 
early scheduled close on the Primary Listing Exchange, until the close of the current Trading Day, 
trading in futures for a given delivery month shall be subject to an upper Price Limit equal to the 
corresponding Reference Price determined on the current Business Day (Rule 36302.I.1.a.) plus 
the 7%Offset determined on the current Business Day (Rule 36302.I.1.b.).  
Trading in such futures also shall be subject to a lower Price Limit set as the corresponding 
Reference Price determined on the current Business Day minus the 7%Offset determined on the 
current Business Day, provided that such lower Price Limit shall be no lower than the 20% Price 
Limit (Rule 36302.I.1.) applicable to the current Trading Day.  
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as 
set forth in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in 
the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.  
Without limitation to the foregoing, the close of the current Trading Day generally shall coincide with 
the close of the CME Globex trading session on such Trading Day.  
36303. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 4 of 4 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement. 
36303.A. 
Final Settlement Price 
For a futures contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be a special 
opening quotation of the Index. Such special opening quotation shall be determined on the third 
Friday of such delivery month and shall be based on opening prices of the component stocks of the 
Index. 
If the Index is not scheduled to be published on the third Friday of the contract delivery month, then 
such Final Settlement Price shall be scheduled for determination on the first preceding Business 
Day on which the Index is scheduled to be published. 
If the Primary Listing Exchange for a component stock of the Index does not open on the day 
scheduled for determination of such Final Settlement Price, then for the purpose of calculating such 
Final Settlement Price the price of such component stock shall be its opening price on the next 
following day on which its Primary Listing Exchange is open for trading. 
If a component stock of the Index does not trade on the day scheduled for determination of such 
Final Settlement Price, and the Primary Listing Exchange for such stock is open for trading, then for 
the purpose of calculating such Final Settlement Price the price of such stock shall be its last sale 
price, provided that the Exchange in its sole discretion may instruct that the price of such stock 
shall be its opening price on the next following day that it is traded on its Primary Listing Exchange. 
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of final settlement price determination, the 
Final Settlement Price shall be the Official Index Closing Value published by the index publisher on 
the Business Day immediately preceding the original day of Final Settlement Price determination. 
36303.B. 
Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in an expiring futures contract at its termination of trading 
(Rule 36302.G.) shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in accordance 
with normal variation margin procedures based on such expiring contract’s Final Settlement Price 
(Rule 36303.A.). 
36304. 
[RESERVED]  
36305. 
[RESERVED] 
36306. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 363) 
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTES 
RELATING TO CHAPTER 363 
 
Neither Frank Russell Company’s publication of the Russell Indexes nor its licensing of its trademarks for use in 
connection with securities or other financial products derived from a Russell Index in any way suggests or implies 
a representation or opinion by Frank Russell Company as to the attractiveness of investment in any securities or 
other financial products based upon or derived from any Russell Index.  Frank Russell Company is not the issuer 
of any such securities or other financial products and makes no express or implied warranties of merchantability 
or fitness for any particular purpose with respect to any Russell Index or any data included or reflected therein, 
nor as to results to be obtained by any person or any entity from the use of the Russell Index or any data 
included or reflected therein. 
 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 1 of 5 
 
Chapter 364 
E-mini S&P 500 ESG Index Futures 
 
36400. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to E-mini S&P 500 ESG Index futures (“futures”). In addition to this 
chapter, futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange as applicable. 
Unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate Chicago time. 
36400.A. Market Decline  
For the purposes of this chapter a Market Decline shall be as defined in New York Stock Exchange Rule 
7.12 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or in Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for Trading 
Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility.  
36400.B. Primary Listing Exchange  
For the purposes of this chapter a Primary Listing Exchange shall be as defined in the “Plan to Address 
Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission Pursuant to Rule 
608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 May 2012 by the U.S. 
Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), as amended from time to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, 
National Market System Plans, File 4-631).  
36400.C. Regulatory Halt  
For the purposes of this chapter a Regulatory Halt shall be as defined in the “Plan to Address 
Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission Pursuant to Rule 
608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 May 2012 by the SEC, 
as amended from time to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System Plans, File 4-631) and 
as implemented under New York Stock Exchange Rule 7.12 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary 
Volatility or under Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
36401. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each futures contract shall be valued at $500.00 times the S&P 500 ESG Index (“Index”). 
36402. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
36402.A. Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months as 
may be determined by the Exchange. 
36402.B. Trading Unit 
The unit of trade shall be $500.00 times the Index. 
36402.C. Price Increments 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in Index points. Subject to Rule 36406.C., the minimum price increment 
shall be 0.02 Index points, equal to $10.00 per contract, except for intermonth spreads executed pursuant 
to Rule 542.A., for which the minimum price increment shall be 0.01 Index points, equal to $5.00 per 
intermonth spread. 
36402.D. Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set forth 
in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to the 
Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions 
from the specified position limits. 
36402.E. [Reserved] 
36402.F. [Reserved] 
36402.G. Termination of Trading 
Trading in expiring futures shall terminate at the regularly scheduled start of trading on the New York 
Stock Exchange on the Business Day scheduled for determination of the Final Settlement Price (Rule 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 2 of 5 
 
36403.A.) for such futures. 
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of Final Settlement Price determination (Rule 
36403.A), trading in the expiring futures shall terminate at the close of trading on the New York Stock 
Exchange on the immediately preceding Business Day.  
36402.H. [Reserved] 
36402.I. Price Limits and Trading Halts 
Futures trading shall be subject to Price Limits as set forth in this Rule. For the purpose of this Rule the 
Exchange shall determine, in its sole discretion, the futures delivery month that represents the Primary 
Futures Contract Month and when such Primary Futures Contract Month is limit bid or limit offered. 
1. Daily Determination of Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, Price Limits applicable to a futures contract for a given delivery month shall be 
calculated on the basis of the corresponding Reference Price (Rule 36402.I.1.a.) and the corresponding 
Offsets (Rule 36402.I.1.b.), as follows: 
 
 
7% Price Limits = Reference Price minus 7% Offset, and Reference Price plus 7% Offset 
 
 
13% Price Limit = Reference Price minus 13% Offset 
 
 
20% Price Limit = Reference Price minus 20% Offset 
1.a. Reference Prices for Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, for futures for a given delivery month, the Exchange shall set a contract 
Reference Price on the first preceding Business Day, as follows: 
 
 
Tier 1 
Such Reference Price shall be based on the volume-weighted average price of transactions in such 
futures on the CME Globex electronic trading platform (“CME Globex”) during the interval (i) between 
2:59:30 p.m. and 3:00:00 p.m., or (ii) in the case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing 
Exchange, between 11:59:30 a.m. and noon, or (iii) in the event of an unscheduled early close of the 
Primary Listing Exchange, the final thirty (30) seconds of the Primary Listing Exchange trading day 
(“Reference Interval”). 
 
 
Tier 2 
If no such transaction occurs during the Reference Interval, then such Reference Price shall be based on 
the average of midpoints of bid/ask spreads for such futures quoted on CME Globex during the Reference 
Interval, provided that the Reference Price calculation shall exclude the midpoint value for any such 
bid/ask spread that is wider than 0.04 Index points (equal to two (2) minimum price increments). 
 
 
Tier 3 
If such Reference Price cannot be determined pursuant to Tier 1 or Tier 2, then the Exchange, in its sole 
discretion, shall set such Reference Price by alternative means which may include, but are not limited to, 
derivation by reference to the basis relationship between such futures contract’s price and the Index, or 
application of Tier 1 and Tier 2 calculations to successive time intervals of increasing length, in integer 
multiples of thirty (30) seconds, until suitable price data are obtained. 
The resultant Reference Price value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of 0.01 Index 
point. Such Reference Price, so rounded, shall be used for determination of the corresponding Price 
Limits. 
For newly listed futures for a given delivery month, the Exchange shall set, in its sole discretion, a 
Reference Price value for the purpose of determining Price Limits for the first day of trading in such 
futures. 
1.b. Offsets for Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, the Exchange shall determine Offsets on the basis of the Index value (“I”) at 
the close of trading on the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 36400.B.) on the first preceding Business Day, 
as follows: 
 
 
7% Offset = 7% of I (0.07 x I) 
 
 
13% Offset = 13% of I (0.13 x I) 
 
 
20% Offset = 20% of I (0.20 x I) 
Each resultant Offset value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of 0.01 Index points. 
Each such Offset, so rounded, shall be used in determination of the corresponding Price Limits. 
2. Application of Price Limits from Start of Trading Day to 8:30 a.m. 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 3 of 5 
 
From the start of any Trading Day until 8:30 a.m., there shall be no trading in futures for a given delivery 
month at any price that is either strictly lower than or strictly higher than the range defined by the 7% Price 
Limits (Rule 36402.I.1.) applicable to such futures on such Trading Day. 
Without limitation to the foregoing, the start of any Trading Day generally shall coincide with the start of 
the CME Globex trading session at 5:00 p.m. on the evening first preceding such Trading Day. 
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as set forth 
in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.  
3. Application of Price Limits and Trading Halts from 8:30 a.m. to 2:25 p.m. 
Except as provided in Rules 36402.I.3.a. and 36402.I.3.b., from 8:30 a.m. until and including 2:25 p.m., 
or from 8:30 a.m. until and including 11:25 a.m. in the case of an early scheduled close of the Primary 
Listing Exchange, futures for a given delivery month shall trade subject to the corresponding Price Limits 
(Rule 36402.I.1.), as follows: 
There shall be no futures trading at any price strictly lower than the corresponding 7% Price Limit, unless 
the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 7% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, the 
Exchange shall initiate a 2-minute observation interval. At the conclusion of such observation interval: 
If the Primary Futures Contract Month is not limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, futures trading shall continue 
subject to the corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
If the Primary Futures Contract Month remains limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, futures trading shall halt 
for two (2) minutes, and shall then resume subject to the corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, the 
Exchange shall initiate a 2-minute observation interval. At the conclusion of such observation interval: 
If the Primary Futures Contract Month is not limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, futures trading shall 
continue subject to the corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
If the Primary Futures Contract Month remains limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, futures trading shall 
halt for two (2) minutes, and shall then resume subject to the corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
There shall be no futures trading at any price strictly lower than the corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
3.a. Regulatory Halts 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt (Rule 36400.C.) in response 
to a Level 1 (7%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt. When trading resumes 
on the Primary Listing Exchange, futures trading shall resume subject to the corresponding 13% Price 
Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 2 
(13%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt. When trading resumes on the 
Primary Listing Exchange, futures trading shall resume subject to the corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 3 
(20%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt for the remainder of the trading 
session. 
3.b. Unscheduled Non-Regulatory Halts  
If an unscheduled trading halt that is not also a Regulatory Halt occurs on one or more Primary Listing 
Exchanges between 8:30 a.m. and 2.25 p.m., or between 8:30 a.m. and 11:25 a.m. in the case of an early 
scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange(s), then futures trading shall be subject to such trading 
halts or such price limits as the Exchange, in its sole discretion, may determine to be appropriate.  
4. Application of Price Limits from 2:25 p.m. to 3:00 p.m.  
From 2:25 p.m. to 3:00 p.m., or from 11:25 a.m. to noon in the case of an early scheduled close on the 
Primary Listing Exchange, trading in futures for a given delivery month shall be subject only to the 
corresponding 20% Price Limit (Rule 36402.I.1.).  
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 3 
(20%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt for the remainder of the trading 
session.  
5. Application of Price Limits from 3:00 p.m. to Close of Trading Day  


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 4 of 5 
 
From the close of trading on the Primary Listing Exchange at 3:00 p.m., or at noon in the case of an early 
scheduled close on the Primary Listing Exchange, until the close of the current Trading Day, trading in 
futures for a given delivery month shall be subject to an upper Price Limit equal to the corresponding 
Reference Price determined on the current Business Day (Rule 36402.I.1.a.) plus the 7% Offset 
determined on the current Business Day (Rule 36402.I.1.b.).  
Trading in such futures also shall be subject to a lower Price Limit set as the corresponding Reference 
Price determined on the current Business Day minus the 7% Offset determined on the current Business 
Day, provided that such lower Price Limit shall be no lower than the 20% Price Limit (Rule 36402.I.1.) 
applicable to the current Trading Day.  
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as set forth 
in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
Without limitation to the foregoing, the close of the current Trading Day generally shall coincide with the 
close of the CME Globex trading session on such Trading Day. 
36403. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement. 
36403.A. Final Settlement Price  
For a futures contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be a special opening 
quotation of the Index. Such special opening quotation shall be determined on the third Friday of such 
delivery month and shall be based on opening prices of the component stocks of the Index. 
If the Index is not scheduled to be published on the third Friday of the contract delivery month, then such 
Final Settlement Price shall be scheduled for determination on the first preceding Business Day on which 
the Index is scheduled to be published. 
If the Primary Listing Exchange for a component stock in the Index does not open on the day scheduled 
for determination of the Final Settlement Price, then the price of that stock shall be determined, for the 
purposes of calculating the Final Settlement Price, based on the opening price of that stock on the next 
day that its Primary Listing Exchange is open for trading.  
If a component stock of the Index does not trade on the day scheduled for determination of such Final 
Settlement Price, and the Primary Listing Exchange for such stock is open for trading, then for the purpose 
of calculating such Final Settlement Price the price of such stock shall be its last sale price, provided that 
the Exchange in its sole discretion may instruct that the price of such stock shall be its opening price on 
the next following day that it is traded on its Primary Listing Exchange. 
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of final settlement price determination, the Final 
Settlement Price shall be the Official Index Closing Value published by the index publisher on the 
Business Day immediately preceding the original day of Final Settlement Price determination. 
36403.B. Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in an expiring futures contract at its termination of trading (Rule 
36402.G.) shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in accordance with normal 
variation margin procedures based on such expiring contract’s Final Settlement Price (Rule 36403.A.). 
36404.  
[RESERVED]  
36405. 
[RESERVED] 
36406. 
BASIS TRADE AT INDEX CLOSE (“BTIC”) TRANSACTIONS 
All BTIC transactions must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 524.B. 
36406.A. BTIC Block Trade Requirements 
BTIC block trades must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 526. 
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed on a given Trading Day on or before the scheduled close of the 
Primary Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the Index closing 
value for the current Trading Day.  
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed on a given Trading Day after the scheduled close of the Primary 
Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the Index closing value 
for the next Trading Day. 
36406.B. BTIC Price Assignment Procedures 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 5 of 5 
 
 
 The price assignment procedures for BTIC transactions shall follow Rule 524.B.3. 
364 06.C. BTIC Minimum Price Increments 
The valid basis or price increment applied to the Index closing value to establish the BTIC futures price 
must be stated in increments of 0.01 index points. 
 
36406.D. 
Market Disruption Events  
In the event of a market disruption in the Primary Listing Exchange, all pending and executed BTIC 
transactions in the corresponding futures contract shall be cancelled by the Exchange. Such disruption 
shall be declared by the Exchange in its sole discretion, and may include, without limitation, an 
unscheduled early close of the Primary Listing Exchange or a NYSE Rule 7.12 trading halt declared in 
response to a Level 3 (20%) decline in the S&P 500 Index that necessitates an early close of the Primary 
Listing Exchange.  
 
(End Chapter 364) 
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES RELATING TO CHAPTER 364 
S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC directly or through one or more affiliates (collectively, "S&P") licenses the Exchange 
to use various S&P stock indices ("S&P Stock Indices") in connection with the trading of futures contracts and options 
on futures contracts based upon such indices. S&P shall have no liability for any damages, claims, losses or 
expenses caused by any errors or delays in calculating or disseminating the S&P Stock Indices. 
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and its affiliates (collectively, "S&P") do not guarantee the accuracy and/or 
completeness of the S&P Stock Indices or any data included therein. S&P makes no warranty, express or implied, as 
to the results to be obtained by any person or any entity from the use of the S&P Stock Indices or any data included 
therein in connection with the trading of futures contracts, options on futures contracts or any other use. S&P makes 
no express or implied warranties, and expressly disclaims all warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular 
purpose or use with respect to the S&P Stock Indices or any data included therein. Without limiting any of the 
foregoing, in no event shall S&P have any liability for any special, punitive, indirect, or consequential damages 
(including lost profits), even if notified of the possibility of such damages. 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 3 
Chapter 365 
S&P 500® Annual Dividend Index Futures 
 
36500.  
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Standard & Poor's 500® Annual Dividend Index futures 
(“S&P 500® Annual Dividend futures” or “futures”). In addition to this chapter, futures shall be 
subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange as applicable. 
Unless otherwise specified, times referenced herein shall refer to and indicate Chicago time. 
36500.A. 
Market Decline 
For the purposes of this chapter a Market Decline shall be as defined in New York Stock Exchange 
Rule 7.12 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or in Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for 
Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
36500.B. 
Primary Listing Exchange 
For the purposes of this chapter a Primary Listing Exchange shall be as defined in the “Plan to 
Address Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission 
Pursuant to Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 
May 2012 by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), as amended from time to 
time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System Plans, File 4-631). 
36500.C. 
Regulatory Halt 
For the purposes of this chapter a Regulatory Halt shall be as defined in the “Plan to Address 
Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission Pursuant to 
Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 May 2012 
by the SEC, as amended from time to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System 
Plans, File 4-631) and as implemented under New York Stock Exchange Rule 7.12 for Trading 
Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or under Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for Trading Halts 
Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
36501. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each futures contract shall be valued at $250.00 times the Standard & Poor's 500® Annual 
Dividends Index (“Index”). 
The Index tracks the total dividends from the constituents of the S&P 500® index. The Index resets 
to zero annually, at the end of the third Friday of each December. On a given day, the Index level is 
based on the running total accumulation of all ordinary gross dividends paid on S&P 500® index 
constituent stocks that have gone ex-dividend since the previous zero-reset date. The Index is 
expressed in S&P 500® index points. 
36502.  
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
36502.A.  
Trading Schedule 
Futures shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months as may be 
determined by the Exchange. 
36502.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trade shall be $250.00 times the Index. 
36502.C. 
Price Increments 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in Index points. The minimum price increment shall be 0.05 Index 
points, equal to $12.50 per contract, except for intermonth spreads executed pursuant to Rule 
542.A., for which the minimum price increment shall be 0.025 Index points, equal to $6.25 per 
intermonth spread. 
36502.D.  
Position Limits 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 3 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
36502.E.  
[Reserved] 
36502.F.  
[Reserved] 
36502.G.  
Termination of Trading 
Trading in expiring futures shall terminate at the regularly scheduled start of trading on the primary 
listing exchange on the Business Day scheduled for determination of the Final Settlement Price 
(Rule 36503.A.) for such futures. 
36502.H.  
[Reserved] 
36502.I.  
Price Limits and Trading Halts 
There shall be no futures trading when the primary S&P 500 Stock Price Index futures contract is 
limit bid or offered at any price limit, pursuant to CME Rule 35102.I. 
1. 
Regulatory Halts 
From 8:30 a.m. until and including 3:00 p.m., or from 8:30 a.m. until and including noon in 
the case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 36500.B.), 
futures trading shall halt at such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a 
Regulatory Halt (Rule 36500.C.) in response to either a Level 1 (7%) Market Decline or a 
Level 2 (13%) Market Decline in the S&P 500® index (Rule 36500.A.). Futures trading 
shall resume 10 minutes after the Regulatory Halt commences on the Primary Listing 
Exchange, subject to the corresponding Price Limit.  
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response 
to a Level 3 (20%) Market Decline in the S&P 500® index, futures trading shall halt for the 
remainder of the trading session. 
2. 
Unscheduled Non-Regulatory Halts 
If an unscheduled trading halt that is not also a Regulatory Halt occurs on one or more 
Primary Listing Exchanges between 8:30 a.m. and 2.25 p.m., or between 8:30 a.m. and 
11:25 a.m. in the case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange(s), 
then futures trading shall be subject to such trading halts as the Exchange, in its sole 
discretion, may determine to be appropriate. 
36502.J.  
Trading Prohibition 
The following persons are prohibited from trading in futures (each, a “Prohibited Person”): 
1. 
Any person who is a director or officer, subject to Section 16 of the Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934 as amended from time to time, of a corporation that is a constituent of the 
S&P 500® index. 
2. 
Any person who is in possession of material non-public information relating to ordinary 
cash dividends of a constituent corporation of the S&P 500® index, including (but not 
limited to) information concerning the timing or amount of any ordinary cash dividend. 
36502.K.  
Acceptance for Clearing 
A clearing member shall not accept an order for futures contracts from any person, whether such 
person is trading for its own account or for the account of another person, unless such person 
provides to the clearing member at or before the time of the order a representation and covenant 
that, at the time such order is accepted or executed, or the position is held, such person and, as 
applicable, the other person for whose account such person is trading, is not a Prohibited Person 
(Rule 36502.J.). 
36503.  
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement. 
 
36503.A.  
Final Settlement Price 
For a futures contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be the Index 
value determined on the third Friday of such delivery month, based on the accumulation of all 
ordinary gross dividends paid on S&P 500® index constituent stocks that have gone ex-dividend 
since the Index’s previous zero-reset date. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 3 
 If the Index is not scheduled to be published on the third Friday of the contract delivery month, 
then such Final Settlement Price shall be scheduled for determination on the first preceding 
Business Day on which the Index is scheduled to be published. 
36503.B.  
Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in an expiring futures contract at its termination of trading 
(Rule 36502.G.) shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in accordance 
with normal variation margin procedures based on such expiring contract’s Final Settlement Price 
(Rule 36503.A.). 
36504. 
[RESERVED] 
36505. 
[RESERVED]  
36506. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 365) 
 
 
INTERPRETATIONS AND SPECIAL NOTICES RELATING TO CHAPTER 365 
S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC directly or through one or more affiliates (collectively, "S&P") licenses the 
Exchange to use various S&P stock indices ("S&P Stock Indices") in connection with the trading of futures 
contracts and options on futures contracts based upon such indices. S&P shall have no liability for any 
damages, claims, losses or expenses caused by any errors or delays in calculating or disseminating the S&P 
Stock Indices. 
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and its affiliates (collectively, "S&P") do not guarantee the accuracy and/or 
completeness of the S&P Stock Indices or any data included therein. S&P makes no warranty, express or 
implied, as to the results to be obtained by any person or any entity from the use of the S&P Stock Indices or 
any data included therein in connection with the trading of futures contracts, options on futures contracts or 
any other use. S&P makes no express or implied warranties, and expressly disclaims all warranties of 
merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use with respect to the S&P Stock Indices or any data 
included therein. Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall S&P have any liability for any special, 
punitive, indirect, or consequential damages (including lost profits), even if notified of the possibility of such 
damages. 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 3 
Chapter 365A 
Options on S&P 500® Annual Dividend Index Futures 
 
365A00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to options on S&P 500® Annual Dividend Index futures (“S&P 
500® Annual Dividend Index futures” or “futures”). In addition to this chapter, options on futures 
shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange as applicable. 
Unless otherwise specified, times referenced herein shall refer to and indicate Chicago time. 
365A00.A. Primary Listing Exchange 
For the purposes of this chapter a Primary Listing Exchange shall be as defined in the “Plan to 
Address Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission 
Pursuant to Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 
31 May 2012 by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), as amended from time 
to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System Plans, File 4-631). 
365A00.B. Regulatory Halt 
For the purposes of this chapter a Regulatory Halt shall be as defined in the “Plan to Address 
Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission Pursuant 
to Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 May 
2012 by the SEC, as amended from time to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System 
Plans, File 4- 631) and as implemented under New York Stock Exchange Rule 7.12 for Trading 
Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or under Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for Trading Halts 
Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
365A01. 
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS 
365A01.A. Contract Months, Trading Hours, and Trading Halts 
Options shall be listed for expiration on such dates and shall be scheduled for trading during such 
hours as may be determined by the Exchange, provided that there shall be no trading in options 
when trading is halted in the Primary Futures Contract Month for S&P 500® Annual Dividend Index 
futures pursuant to Rule 36502.I. 
In accordance with Rule 36502.I. the Exchange shall determine, in its sole discretion, the futures 
delivery month that represents such Primary Futures Contract. 
365A01.B. Trading Unit 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy in the case of a call, or to sell in the case of a put, one 
S&P 500® Annual Dividend Index futures contract (Chapter 365). 
365A01.C. Minimum Fluctuations 
Option prices shall be quoted in Index points. Each Index point shall represent $250.00 per option 
contract. 
The minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.05 Index points (equal to $12.50 per option contract). 
Premium > 5.00 index points, trading in increments of 0.05 index points ($12.50) 
Premium <= 5.00 index points, trading in increments of 0.025 index points ($6.25) 
365A01.D. Underlying Futures Contract 
The Underlying Futures Contract shall be for delivery on the December S&P 500® Annual 
Dividend Index Futures contract of the same year. 
365A01.E. Exercise Prices 
Transactions and exercise of options shall be conducted for options contracts as set forth in the 
Strike Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table. 
The Exchange may modify the provisions governing the establishment of exercise prices as it 
deems appropriate. 
365A01.F. Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 3 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
365A01.G.    Nature of Options 
Upon exercise of a put option by the buyer of such option, the seller of such option shall incur the 
obligation to assume a long position in one Underlying Futures Contract (Rule 365A01.D.) at such 
option’s exercise price (Rule 365A01.E.).   Upon exercise of a call option by the buyer of such 
option, the seller of such option shall incur the obligation to assume a short position in one 
Underlying Futures Contract at such option’s exercise price. The options may only be exercised 
at their expiration. 
365A01.H. [Reserved] 
365A01.I. Termination of Trading 
Trading shall terminate at the same time of the termination of trading in the underlying futures. 
365A01.J. Trading Prohibition 
The following persons are prohibited from trading in futures (each, a “Prohibited Person”):  
1. Any person who is a director or officer, subject to Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934 as amended from time to time, of a corporation that is a constituent of the S&P 500® index.  
2. Any person who is in possession of material non-public information relating to ordinary cash 
dividends of a constituent corporation of the S&P 500® index, including (but not limited to) 
information concerning the timing or amount of any ordinary cash dividend. 
 
365A02. 
EXERCISE AND ASSIGNMENT 
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply 
to the exercise of options. 
365A02.A. Exercise 
Any European Style (Rule 365A01.D.1.) option may be exercised only at, and not before, the 
expiration of such option. Following termination of trading in expiring options, any such option that 
is in the money shall be automatically exercised by the Clearing House, and any such option that 
is out of the money shall be abandoned by the Clearing House. For the avoidance of doubt, no 
such option that expires in the money may be abandoned, and no such option that expires out of 
the money may be exercised. 
Whether an option expires in the money or out of the money shall be determined by the Exchange, 
in its sole discretion, by reference to the Final Settlement Price of such option’s Underlying Futures 
Contract (Rule 365A01.D.).  
An expiring call option shall be in the money if the corresponding Final Settlement Price is at or 
above such option’s exercise price and shall be out of the money if the corresponding Final 
Settlement Price is strictly below such option’s exercise price. 
An expiring put option shall be in the money if the corresponding Final Settlement Price is strictly 
below such option’s exercise price and shall be out of the money if the corresponding Final 
Settlement Price is at or above such option’s exercise price. 
365A02.B. Assignment 
For a given option contract, an exercise notice accepted by the Clearing House in accordance 
with Rules 365A02.A. shall be assigned by the Clearing House through a process of random 
selection to clearing members carrying open short positions in such option contract. A clearing 
member to whom such exercise notice has been assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as 
practicable following such assignment. 
The clearing member to whom such exercise notice has been assigned shall be assigned a short 
position in such option’s Underlying Futures Contract (Rules 365A01.D.) if such option is a call, or 
a long position in such option’s Underlying Futures Contract if such option is a put. The clearing 
member representing the option buyer making exercise shall be assigned a long position in such 
option’s Underlying Futures Contract if such option is a call, or a short position in such option’s 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 3 
Underlying Futures Contract if such option is a put. 
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of such option 
contract and shall be marked to market (in accordance with Rule 814) on the Business Day on 
which the Clearing House accepts such exercise notice. 
365A03. 
[RESERVED] 
365A04. 
[RESERVED] 
365A05.-29. [RESERVED] 
 
(End Chapter 365A) 
 
INTERPRETATIONS AND SPECIAL 
NOTICES RELATING TO 
CHAPTER 365A 
S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC directly or through one or more affiliates (collectively, "S&P") 
licenses the Exchange to use various S&P stock indices ("S&P Stock Indices") in connection 
with the trading of futures contracts and options on futures contracts based upon such indices. 
S&P shall have no liability for any damages, claims, losses or expenses caused by any errors 
or delays in calculating or disseminating the S&P Stock Indices. 
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and its affiliates (collectively, "S&P") do not guarantee the 
accuracy and/or completeness of the S&P Stock Indices or any data included therein. S&P 
makes no warranty, express or implied, as to the results to be obtained by any person or any 
entity from the use of the S&P Stock Indices or any data included therein in connection with the 
trading of futures contracts, options on futures contracts or any other use. S&P makes no 
express or implied warranties, and expressly disclaims all warranties of merchantability or 
fitness for a particular purpose or use with respect to the S&P Stock Indices or any data included 
therein. Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall S&P have any liability for any 
special, punitive, indirect, or consequential damages (including lost profits), even if notified of 
the possibility of such damages. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 3 
Chapter 366 
S&P 500® Quarterly Dividend Index Futures 
 
36600.  
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Standard & Poor's 500® Quarterly Dividend Index futures 
(“S&P 500® Quarterly Dividend futures” or “futures”). In addition to this chapter, futures shall be 
subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange as applicable. 
Unless otherwise specified, times referenced herein shall refer to and indicate Chicago time. 
36600.A. 
Market Decline 
For the purposes of this chapter a Market Decline shall be as defined in New York Stock Exchange 
Rule 7.12 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or in Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for 
Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
36600.B. 
Primary Listing Exchange 
For the purposes of this chapter a Primary Listing Exchange shall be as defined in the “Plan to 
Address Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission 
Pursuant to Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 
May 2012 by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), as amended from time to 
time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System Plans, File 4-631). 
36600.C. 
Regulatory Halt 
For the purposes of this chapter a Regulatory Halt shall be as defined in the “Plan to Address 
Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission Pursuant to 
Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 May 2012 
by the SEC, as amended from time to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System 
Plans, File 4-631) and as implemented under New York Stock Exchange Rule 7.12 for Trading 
Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or under Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for Trading Halts 
Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
36601.  
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each futures contract shall be valued at $1,000.00 times the Standard & Poor's 500® Dividend 
Points Index (“Index”). 
The Index tracks the total dividends from the constituents of the S&P 500® index. The Index resets 
to zero quarterly, at the end of the third Friday of each March, June, September, and December.  
On a given day, the Index level is based on the running total accumulation of all ordinary gross 
dividends paid on S&P 500® index constituent stocks that have gone ex-dividend since the 
previous zero-reset date. The Index is expressed in S&P 500® index points. 
36602.  
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
36602.A.  
Trading Schedule 
Futures shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months as may be 
determined by the Exchange. 
36602.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trade shall be $1,000.00 times the Index. 
36602.C. 
Price Increments 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in Index points. The minimum price increment shall be 0.01 Index 
points, equal to $10.00 per contract, except for intermonth spreads executed pursuant to Rule 
542.A., for which the minimum price increment shall be 0.005 Index points, equal to $5.00 per 
intermonth spread. 
36602.D.  
Position Limits 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 3 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
36602.E.  
[Reserved] 
36602.F.  
[Reserved] 
36602.G.  
Termination of Trading 
Trading in expiring futures shall terminate at the regularly scheduled start of trading on the Primary 
Listing Exchanges on the Business Day scheduled for determination of the Final Settlement Price 
(Rule 36603.A.) for such futures. 
36602.H.  
[Reserved] 
36602.I.  
Price Limits and Trading Halts 
There shall be no futures trading when the primary S&P 500 Stock Price Index futures contract is 
limit bid or offered at any price limit, pursuant to CME Rule 35102.I. 
1. 
Regulatory Halts 
From 8:30 a.m. until and including 3:00 p.m., or from 8:30 a.m. until and including noon in 
the case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 36600.B.), 
futures trading shall halt at such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a 
Regulatory Halt (Rule 36600.C.) in response to either a Level 1 (7%) Market Decline or a 
Level 2 (13%) Market Decline in the S&P 500® index (Rule 36600.A.). Futures trading 
shall resume 10 minutes after the Regulatory Halt commences on the Primary Listing 
Exchange, subject to the corresponding Price Limit.  
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response 
to a Level 3 (20%) Market Decline in the S&P 500® index, futures trading shall halt for the 
remainder of the trading session. 
2. 
Unscheduled Non-Regulatory Halts 
If an unscheduled trading halt that is not also a Regulatory Halt occurs on one or more 
Primary Listing Exchanges between 8:30 a.m. and 2.25 p.m., or between 8:30 a.m. and 
11:25 a.m. in the case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange(s), 
then futures trading shall be subject to such trading halts as the Exchange, in its sole 
discretion, may determine to be appropriate. 
36602.J.  
Trading Prohibition 
The following persons are prohibited from trading in futures (each, a “Prohibited Person”): 
1. 
Any person who is a director or officer, subject to Section 16 of the Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934 as amended from time to time, of a corporation that is a constituent of the 
S&P 500® index. 
2. 
Any person who is in possession of material non-public information relating to ordinary 
cash dividends of a constituent corporation of the S&P 500® index, including (but not 
limited to) information concerning the timing or amount of any ordinary cash dividend. 
36602.K. 
Acceptance for Clearing 
A clearing member shall not accept an order for futures contracts from any person, whether such 
person is trading for its own account or for the account of another person, unless such person 
provides to the clearing member at or before the time of the order a representation and covenant 
that, at the time such order is accepted or executed, or the position is held, such person and, as 
applicable, the other person for whose account such person is trading, is not a Prohibited Person 
(Rule 36602.J.). 
36603.  
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement. 
36603.A.  
Final Settlement Price 
For a futures contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be the Index 
value determined on the third Friday of such delivery month, based on the accumulation of all 
ordinary gross dividends paid on S&P 500® index constituent stocks that have gone ex-dividend 
since the Index’s previous zero-reset date. 
If the Index is not scheduled to be published on the third Friday of the contract delivery month, then 
such Final Settlement Price shall be scheduled for determination on the first preceding Business 
Day on which the Index is scheduled to be published. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 3 
36603.B.  
Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in an expiring futures contract at its termination of trading 
(Rule 36602.G.) shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in accordance 
with normal variation margin procedures based on such expiring contract’s Final Settlement Price 
(Rule 36603.A.). 
36604. 
[RESERVED] 
36605. 
[RESERVED]  
36606. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 366) 
 
 
INTERPRETATIONS AND SPECIAL NOTICES RELATING TO CHAPTER 366 
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC directly or through one or more affiliates (collectively, "S&P") licenses the 
Exchange to use various S&P stock indices ("S&P Stock Indices") in connection with the trading of futures 
contracts and options on futures contracts based upon such indices. S&P shall have no liability for any 
damages, claims, losses or expenses caused by any errors or delays in calculating or disseminating the S&P 
Stock Indices. 
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and its affiliates (collectively, "S&P") do not guarantee the accuracy and/or 
completeness of the S&P Stock Indices or any data included therein. S&P makes no warranty, express or 
implied, as to the results to be obtained by any person or any entity from the use of the S&P Stock Indices or 
any data included therein in connection with the trading of futures contracts, options on futures contracts or 
any other use. S&P makes no express or implied warranties, and expressly disclaims all warranties of 
merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use with respect to the S&P Stock Indices or any data 
included therein. Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall S&P have any liability for any special, 
punitive, indirect, or consequential damages (including lost profits), even if notified of the possibility of such 
damages. 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 4 
CME Rulebook 
Chapter 367 
E-mini S&P Europe 350 ESG Index Futures 
 
36700. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to E-mini S&P Europe 350 ESG Index futures (“futures”).  
In addition to this chapter, futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the 
Exchange as applicable. 
Unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate Chicago time. 
36701. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each futures contract shall be valued at EUR 500.00 times the S&P Europe 350 ESG Index 
(“Index”). 
36702. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
36702.A. Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
36702.B. Trading Unit 
The unit of trade shall be EUR 500.00 times the Index. 
36702.C. Price Increments 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in Index points. Subject to Rule 36706.C., the minimum price 
increment shall be 0.05 Index points, equal to EUR 25.00 per contract, except for intermonth 
spreads executed pursuant to Rule 542.A., for which the minimum price increment shall be 0.01 
Index points, equal to EUR 5.00 per intermonth spread. 
36702.D. Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
36702.E. [Reserved] 
36702.F. [Reserved] 
36702.G. Termination of Trading 
Trading in expiring futures shall terminate at 4:35 p.m. London time on the third Friday of the 
contract delivery month. If that day is a non-business day for the Primary Listing Exchange for 
every constituent of the underlying index, trading shall terminate on the preceding day that is a 
business day for a Primary Listing Exchange of at least one constituent of the underlying index. 
36702.H. [Reserved] 
36702.I. Price Limits and Trading Halts 
Futures trading shall be subject to Price Limits as set forth in this Rule. At the commencement of 
each Trading Day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation limits and daily price 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits 
Table in the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
For the purpose of this Rule the Exchange shall determine, in its sole discretion, the futures 
delivery month that represents the Primary Futures Contract Month and when such Primary 
Futures Contract Month is limit bid or limit offered. 
 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 4 
1. 
Daily Determination of Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, Price Limits applicable to a futures contract for a given delivery month 
shall be calculated on the basis of the corresponding Reference Price (Rule 36702.I.1.a.) and the 
corresponding Offsets (Rule 36702.I.1.b.), as follows: 
 
 
 
7% Price Limits = Reference Price minus 7% Offset, and Reference Price plus 7% Offset 
1.a. Reference Prices for Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, for futures for a given delivery month, the Exchange shall set a contract 
Reference Price on the first preceding Business Day, as follows: 
Tier 1 
Such Reference Price shall be based on the volume-weighted average price of transactions in such 
futures for such delivery month on the CME Globex electronic trading platform (“CME Globex”) 
during the interval between 4:29:30 p.m. and 4:30:00 p.m. London time (“Reference Interval”). 
Tier 2 
If no such transaction occurs during the Reference Interval, then such Reference Price shall be 
based on the average of midpoints of bid/ask spreads for such futures quoted on CME Globex 
during the Reference Interval.  
Tier 3 
If such Reference Price cannot be determined pursuant to Tier 1 or Tier 2, then the Exchange, in its 
sole discretion, shall set such Reference Price by alternative means which may include, but are not 
limited to, derivation by reference to the basis relationship between such futures contract’s price 
and the Index, or application of Tier 1 and Tier 2 calculations to successive time intervals of 
increasing length, in integer multiples of thirty (30) seconds, until suitable price data are obtained. 
For Tier 1, Tier 2 and Tier 3, the resultant Reference Price value shall be rounded down to the 
nearest integer multiple of 0.05 Index points. Such Reference Price, so rounded, shall be used for 
determination of the corresponding Price Limits. 
For newly listed futures for a given delivery month, the Exchange shall set, in its sole discretion, a 
Reference Price value for the purpose of determining Price Limits for the first day of trading in such 
futures. 
1.b. Offsets for Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, the Exchange shall determine the Offset on the basis of the Index 
closing value (“I”) for the first preceding Business Day, as follows: 
 
 
 
7% Offset = 7% of I (0.07 x I) 
The resultant Offset value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of 0.05 Index 
points. Such Offset, so rounded, shall be used in determination of the corresponding Price Limits. 
1. 
Application of Price Limits from Start of Trading Day to 8:00 a.m. London Time 
Without limitation to the following, the start of a Trading Day generally shall coincide with the start 
of the corresponding CME Globex trading session at 5:00 p.m. Chicago time on the evening first 
preceding such Trading Day. 
From the start of any Trading Day until 8:00 a.m. London time, there shall be no trading in futures 
for a given delivery month at any price outside the range defined by the 7% Price Limits (Rule 
36702.I.1.) applicable to such futures on such Trading Day, where such 7% Price Limits are 
established on the basis of (i) the Reference Price most recently determined by the Exchange as of 
4:30 p.m. London time and (ii) the Offset derived by the Exchange on the basis of the most recently 
published Index closing value as of 4:30 p.m. London time.  
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as 
set forth in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in 
the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.  
2. 
Application of Price Limits and Trading Halts from 8:00 a.m. London Time to 4:30 p.m. 
London Time 
During this period of time, the contract shall be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as set 
forth in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
Price Limits shall not apply.  
 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 4 
3. 
Application of Price Limits and Trading Halts from 4:30 p.m. London Time to Close of 
Trading Day  
Without limitation to the following, the close of the current Trading Day generally shall coincide with 
the close of the CME Globex trading session on such Trading Day. 
There shall be no trading in futures for a given delivery month at any price outside the range 
defined by the 7% Price Limits (Rule 36702.I.1.) applicable to such futures on such Trading Day, 
where such 7% Price Limits are established on the basis of (i) the Reference Price most recently 
determined by the Exchange as of 4:30 p.m. London time and (ii) the Offset derived by the 
Exchange on the basis of the most recently published Index closing value as of 4:30 p.m. London 
time.  
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as 
set forth in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in 
the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.  
36703. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement. 
36703.A. Final Settlement Price  
For a futures contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be determined on 
the third Friday of such delivery month (Rule 36702.G) and shall be equal to the Index closing 
value for the third Friday of such delivery month.  
If the Index is not scheduled to be published on the third Friday of such delivery month, then such 
Final Settlement Price shall be scheduled for determination on the first preceding day on which the 
Index is scheduled to be published. The Final Settlement Price will be the Index closing value on 
the Business Day scheduled for determination of the Final Settlement Price of such futures.  
36703.B. Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in an expiring futures contract at its termination of trading 
(Rule 36702.G.) shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in accordance 
with normal variation margin procedures based on such expiring contract’s Final Settlement Price 
(Rule 36703.A.). 
36704. 
[RESERVED]  
36705. 
[RESERVED] 
36706. 
BASIS TRADE AT INDEX CLOSE (“BTIC”) TRANSACTIONS 
All BTIC transactions must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 524.B. 
36706.A. BTIC Block Trade Requirements 
BTIC block trades must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 526. For a BTIC 
or BTIC block trade executed on a given Trading Day on or before 4:30 p.m. London time, the 
corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the Index closing value for the current 
Trading Day.  
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed on a given Trading Day after 4:30 p.m. London time, the 
corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the Index closing value for the next 
Trading Day. 
36706.B. BTIC Price Assignment Procedures 
The price assignment procedures for BTIC transactions shall follow Rule 524.B.3. 
36706.C. BTIC Minimum Price Increments 
The valid basis or price increment applied to the Index closing value to establish the BTIC futures 
price must be stated in increments of 0.01 index points. 
36706.D. Market Disruption Events  
In the event of a market disruption, which precludes a valid Index closing value calculation, all 
pending and executed BTIC transactions in the corresponding futures contract shall be cancelled 
by the Exchange. Such disruption shall be declared by the Exchange in its sole discretion, and may 
include, without limitation, an unscheduled early close of the futures trading.  
(End Chapter 367) 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 4 of 4 
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES RELATING TO CHAPTER 367 
Standard & Poor's, a division of the McGraw–Hill Companies, Inc. ("S&P"), licenses the Exchange to 
use various S&P stock indices ("S&P Stock Indices") in connection with the trading of futures 
contracts and options on futures contracts based upon such indices. S&P shall have no liability for 
damages, claims, losses or expenses caused by any errors or delays in calculating or disseminating 
the S&P Stock Indices. 
 
Standard & Poor's, a division of the McGraw–Hill Companies, Inc. ("S&P"), does not guarantee the 
accuracy and/or completeness of the S&P Stock Indices or any data included therein. S&P makes no 
warranty, express or implied, as to the results to be obtained by any person or any entity from the use 
of the S&P Stock Indices or any data included therein in connection with the trading of futures 
contracts, options on futures contracts and any other use. S&P makes no express or implied 
warranties, and expressly disclaims all warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose 
or use with respect to the S&P Stock Indices or any data included therein. Without limiting any of the 
foregoing, in no event shall S&P have any liability for any special, punitive, indirect or consequential 
damages (including lost profits), even if notified of the possibility of such damages.  
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 1 of 6 
Chapter 368 
E-mini S&P Smallcap 600 Index™ Futures 
 
36800. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to E-mini S&P Smallcap Index futures (“futures”). In addition to 
this chapter, futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange as 
applicable. 
Unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate Chicago time. 
36800.A. 
Market Decline 
For the purposes of this chapter a Market Decline shall be as defined in New York Stock Exchange 
Rule 7.12 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or in Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for 
Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
36800.B. 
Primary Listing Exchange 
For the purposes of this chapter a Primary Listing Exchange shall be as defined in the “Plan to 
Address Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission 
Pursuant to Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 
May 2012 by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), as amended from time to 
time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System Plans, File 4-631). 
36800.C. 
Regulatory Halt 
For the purposes of this chapter a Regulatory Halt shall be as defined in the “Plan to Address 
Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission Pursuant to 
Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 May 2012 
by the SEC, as amended from time to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System 
Plans, File 4-631) and as implemented under New York Stock Exchange Rule 7.12 for Trading 
Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or under Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for Trading Halts 
Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
36801. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each futures contract shall be valued at $100.00 times the S&P Smallcap 600 Index (“Index”). 
36802.  
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS  
36802.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
36802.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $100 times the S&P SmallCap 600 Index. 
36802.C. 
Price Increments1 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in terms of the S&P Smallcap Index points. The minimum price 
increment shall be 0.10 Index points, equal to $10.00 per contract, except for intermonth spreads 
executed pursuant to Rule 542.A., for which the minimum price increment shall be 0.05 Index 
points, equal to $5.00 per intermonth spread. 
36802.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
 
1 See Rule 36806.C. (BTIC Orders Minimum Price Increment) for information on the minimum price increment or Tick Size for 
BTIC Transactions. BTIC trades that are completed are based on the closing stock index value, and will be cleared in price 
increments of 0.01 index points, because the underlying stock index is reported to a two decimal place level precision. 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 2 of 6 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
36802.E. 
[Reserved] 
36802.F. 
[Reserved] 
36802.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Trading in expiring futures shall terminate at the regularly scheduled start of trading on the New 
York Stock Exchange on the Business Day scheduled for determination of the Final Settlement 
Price (Rule 36203.A.) for such futures. 
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of Final Settlement Price determination 
(Rule 36803.A), trading in the expiring futures shall terminate at the close of trading on the New 
York Stock Exchange on the immediately preceding Business Day.  
36802.H. 
[Reserved]  
36802.I. 
Price Limits and Trading Halts 
Futures trading shall be subject to Price Limits as set forth in this Rule. For the purpose of this Rule 
the Exchange shall determine, in its sole discretion, the futures delivery month that represents the 
Primary Futures Contract Month and when such Primary Futures Contract Month is limit bid or limit 
offered. 
1. Daily Determination of Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, Price Limits applicable to a futures contract for a given delivery month 
shall be calculated on the basis of the corresponding Reference Price (Rule 36802.I.1.a.) and the 
corresponding Offsets (Rule 36802.I.1.b.), as follows: 
7% Price Limits = Reference Price minus 7% Offset, and Reference Price plus 7% Offset 
13% Price Limit = Reference Price minus 13% Offset 
20% Price Limit = Reference Price minus 20% Offset 
1.a. Reference Prices for Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, for futures for a given delivery month, the Exchange shall set a contract 
Reference Price on the first preceding Business Day, as follows: 
Tier 1 
Such Reference Price shall be based on the volume-weighted average price of transactions in such 
futures on the CME Globex electronic trading platform during the interval (i) between 2:59:30 p.m. 
and 3:00:00 p.m., or (ii) in the case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange, 
between 11:59:30 a.m. and noon, or (iii) in the event of an unscheduled early close of the Primary 
Listing Exchange, the final thirty (30) seconds of the Primary Listing Exchange trading day 
(“Reference Interval”). 
Tier 2 
If no such transaction occurs during the Reference Interval, then such Reference Price shall be 
based on the average of midpoints of bid/ask spreads for such futures quoted on CME Globex 
during the Reference Interval, provided that the Reference Price calculation shall exclude the 
midpoint value for any such bid/ask spread that is wider than 0.20 Index points (equal to two (2) 
minimum price increments). 
Tier 3 
If such Reference Price cannot be determined pursuant to Tier 1 or Tier 2, then the Exchange, in its 
sole discretion, shall set such Reference Price by alternative means which may include, but are not 
limited to, derivation by reference to the basis relationship between such futures contract’s price 
and the Index, or application of Tier 1 and Tier 2 calculations to successive time intervals of 
increasing length, in integer multiples of thirty (30) seconds, until suitable price data are obtained. 
The resultant Reference Price value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of 0.1 
Index point. Such Reference Price, so rounded, shall be used for determination of the 
corresponding Price Limits. 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 3 of 6 
In the event of an unscheduled early close of the Primary Listing Exchange, such Reference Price 
shall be set by application of these procedures to a Tier 1 reference interval defined as the final 
thirty (30) seconds of the Primary Listing Exchange trading day.  
For newly listed futures for a given delivery month, the Exchange shall set, in its sole discretion, a 
Reference Price value for the purpose of determining Price Limits for the first day of trading in such 
futures. 
1.b. Offsets for Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, the Exchange shall determine Offsets on the basis of the Index value 
(“I”) at the close of trading on the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 36800.B.) on the first preceding 
Business Day, as follows: 
7% Offset = 
7% of I  (0.07 x I)  
13% Offset = 
13% of I  
(0.13 x I)  
20% Offset = 
20% of I  
(0.20 x I)  
Each resultant Offset value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of 0.1 Index 
point. Each such Offset, so rounded, shall be used in determination of the corresponding Price 
Limits. 
2. Application of Price Limits from Start of Trading Day to 8:30 a.m. 
From the start of any Trading Day until 8:30 a.m., there shall be no trading in futures for a given 
delivery month at any price that is either strictly lower than or strictly higher than the range defined 
by the 7% Price Limits (Rule 36802.I.1.) applicable to such futures on such Trading Day.  
Without limitation to the foregoing, the start of any Trading Day generally shall coincide with the 
start of the CME Globex trading session at 5:00 p.m. on the evening first preceding such Trading 
Day. 
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as 
set forth in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in 
the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.3. Application of Price Limits and 
Trading Halts from 8:30 a.m. to 2:25 p.m.  
Except as provided in Rules 36802.I.3.a. and 36802.I.3.b., from 8:30 a.m. until and including 2:25 
p.m., or from 8:30 a.m. until and including 11:25 a.m. in the case of an early scheduled close of the 
Primary Listing Exchange, futures for a given delivery month shall trade subject to the 
corresponding Price Limits (Rule 36802.I.1.), as follows:  
There shall be no futures trading at any price strictly lower than the corresponding 7% Price Limit, 
unless the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 7% Price Limit.  
At such time as the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, the 
Exchange shall initiate a 2-minute observation interval. At the conclusion of such observation 
interval:  
If the Primary Futures Contract Month is not limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, futures trading shall 
continue subject to the corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
If the Primary Futures Contract Month remains limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, futures trading 
shall halt for two (2) minutes, and shall then resume subject to the corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, 
the Exchange shall initiate a 2-minute observation interval. At the conclusion of such observation 
interval:  
If the Primary Futures Contract Month is not limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, futures trading shall 
continue subject to the corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
If the Primary Futures Contract Month remains limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, futures trading 
shall halt for two (2) minutes, and shall then resume subject to the corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
There shall be no futures trading at any price strictly lower than the corresponding 20% Price Limit.  
3.a. Regulatory Halts 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt (Rule 36800.C.) in 
response to a Level 1 (7%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt. When 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 4 of 6 
trading resumes on the Primary Listing Exchange, futures trading shall resume subject to the 
corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 
2 (13%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt. When trading resumes on 
the Primary Listing Exchange, futures trading shall resume subject to the corresponding 20% Price 
Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 
3 (20%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt for the remainder of the 
trading session. 
3.b. Unscheduled Non-Regulatory Halts 
If an unscheduled trading halt that is not also a Regulatory Halt occurs on one or more Primary 
Listing Exchanges between 8:30 a.m. and 2.25 p.m., or between 8:30 a.m. and 11:25 a.m. in the 
case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange(s), then futures trading shall be 
subject to such trading halts or such price limits as the Exchange, in its sole discretion, may 
determine to be appropriate.  
4. Application of Price Limits from 2:25 p.m. to 3:00 p.m. 
From 2:25 p.m. to 3:00 p.m., or from 11:25 a.m. to noon in the case of an early scheduled close on 
the Primary Listing Exchange, trading in futures for a given delivery month shall be subject only to 
the corresponding 20% Price Limit (Rule 36802.I.1.).  
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 
3 (20%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt for the remainder of the 
trading session. 
5. Application of Price Limits from 3:00 p.m. to Close of Trading Day 
From the close of trading on the Primary Listing Exchange at 3:00 p.m., or at noon in the case of an 
early scheduled close on the Primary Listing Exchange, until the close of the current Trading Day, 
trading in futures for a given delivery month shall be subject to an upper Price Limit equal to the 
corresponding Reference Price determined on the current Business Day (Rule 36802.I.1.a.) plus 
the 7% Offset determined on the current Business Day (Rule 36802.I.1.b.). 
Trading in such futures also shall be subject to a lower Price Limit set as the corresponding 
Reference Price determined on the current Business Day minus the 7% Offset determined on the 
current Business Day, provided that such lower Price Limit shall be no lower than the 20% Price 
Limit (Rule 36802.I.1.) applicable to the current Trading Day.  
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as 
set forth in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in 
the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
Without limitation to the foregoing, the close of the current Trading Day generally shall coincide with 
the close of the CME Globex trading session on such Trading Day. 
36803. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement 
36803.A. 
Final Settlement Price  
For a futures contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be a special 
opening quotation of the Index. Such special opening quotation shall be determined on the third 
Friday of such delivery month and shall be based on opening prices of the component stocks of the 
Index. 
If the Index is not scheduled to be published on the third Friday of the contract delivery month, then 
such Final Settlement Price shall be scheduled for determination on the first preceding Business 
Day on which the Index is scheduled to be published. 
If the Primary Listing Exchange does not open on the day scheduled for determination of such Final 
Settlement Price, then the Final Settlement Price shall be a special opening quotation of the Index 
on the next following day on which the Primary Listing Exchange is open for trading. 
If a component stock of the Index does not trade on the day scheduled for determination of such 
Final Settlement Price, and the Primary Listing Exchange is open for trading, then for the purpose 
of calculating such Final Settlement Price the price of such stock shall be its closing price on the 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 5 of 6 
first preceding Primary Listing Exchange trading day, provided that the Exchange, in its sole 
discretion, may instruct that the price of such stock shall be the Primary Listing Exchange’s Official 
Opening Price of such stock on the next following Primary Listing Exchange trading day. 
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of final settlement price determination, the 
Final Settlement Price shall be the Official Index Closing Value published by the index publisher on 
the Business Day immediately preceding the original day of Final Settlement Price determination. 
36803.B. 
Final Settlement  
Clearing members holding open positions in an expiring futures contract at its termination of trading 
(Rule 36802.G.) shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in accordance 
with normal variation margin procedures based on such expiring contract’s Final Settlement Price 
(Rule 36803.A.). 
36804. 
[RESERVED] 
36805. 
[RESERVED] 
36806.  
BASIS TRADE AT INDEX CLOSE (“BTIC”) TRANSACTIONS 
 
All BTIC transactions must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 524.B. 
 
36806.A. 
BTIC Block Trade Requirements 
BTIC block trades must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 526.  
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed on a given Trading Day on or before the scheduled close 
of the Primary Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the 
Index closing value for the current Trading Day.  
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed on a given Trading Day after the scheduled close of the 
Primary Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the Index 
closing value for the next Trading Day. 
 
36806.B. 
BTIC Price Assignment Procedures 
The price assignment procedures for BTIC transactions shall follow Rule 524.B.3. 
 
36806.C. 
BTIC Minimum Price Increments 
 
 The valid basis or price increment applied to the Index closing value to establish the BTIC futures 
price must be stated in full tick increments of 0.05 index points. 
36806.D. 
Market Disruption Events  
In the event of a market disruption in the Primary Listing Exchange, all pending and executed BTIC 
transactions in the corresponding futures contract shall be cancelled by the Exchange. Such 
disruption shall be declared by the Exchange in its sole discretion, and may include, without 
limitation, an unscheduled early close of the Primary Listing Exchange or a NYSE Rule 7.12 trading 
halt declared in response to a Level 3 (20%) decline in the S&P 500 Index that necessitates an 
early close of the Primary Listing Exchange.  
 
 
(End Chapter 368) 
 
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES  
RELATING TO CHAPTER 368 
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC directly or through one or more affiliates (collectively, "S&P") licenses the 
Exchange to use various S&P stock indices ("S&P Stock Indices") in connection with the trading of futures 
contracts and options on futures contracts based upon such indices. S&P shall have no liability for any 
damages, claims, losses or expenses caused by any errors or delays in calculating or disseminating the S&P 
Stock Indices. 
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and its affiliates (collectively, "S&P") do not guarantee the accuracy and/or 
completeness of the S&P Stock Indices or any data included therein. S&P makes no warranty, express or 
implied, as to the results to be obtained by any person or any entity from the use of the S&P Stock Indices or 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 6 of 6 
any data included therein in connection with the trading of futures contracts, options on futures contracts or 
any other use. S&P makes no express or implied warranties, and expressly disclaims all warranties of 
merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use with respect to the S&P Stock Indices or any data 
included therein. Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall S&P have any liability for any special, 
punitive, indirect, or consequential damages (including lost profits), even if notified of the possibility of such 
damages. 
 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 1 of 4 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Chapter 368A 
Options on E-mini Standard & Poor’s 
SmallCap 600 Stock Price Index Futures 
368A00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to options on E-mini S&P SmallCap 600 Stock Price Index futures 
(“futures”).  In addition to this chapter, options on futures shall be subject to the general rules and 
regulations of the Exchange as applicable.  
Unless otherwise specified, times referenced herein shall refer to and indicate Chicago time.  
368A00.A. 
Primary Listing Exchange 
For the purposes of this chapter a Primary Listing Exchange shall be as defined in the “Plan to Address 
Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission Pursuant to Rule 
608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 May 2012 by the U.S. 
Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), as amended from time to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, 
National Market System Plans, File 4-631). 
368A00.B. 
Regulatory Halt 
For the purposes of this chapter a Regulatory Halt shall be as defined in the “Plan to Address 
Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission Pursuant to Rule 
608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 May 2012 by the 
SEC, as amended from time to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System Plans, File 4-
631) and as implemented under New York Stock Exchange Rule 80B for Trading Halts Due to 
Extraordinary Volatility or under Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary 
Volatility. 
368A01. 
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS 
368A01.A. 
Contract Months, Trading Hours and Trading Halts 
Options shall be listed for expiration on such dates and shall be scheduled for trading during such hours 
as may be determined by the Exchange, provided that there shall be no trading in options when trading 
is halted in the Primary Futures Contract Month pursuant to Rule 36802.I.  
 In accordance with Rule 36802.I. the Exchange shall determine, in its sole discretion, the futures 
delivery month that represents such Primary Futures Contract. 
368A01.B. 
Trading Unit 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy, in the case of the call, or to sell, in the case of the put, one E-
mini S&P SmallCap 600 Index futures contract as specified in Chapter 368. 
368A01.C. 
Minimum Fluctuations 
Option prices shall be quoted in Index points.  Each Index point shall represent $100.00 per option 
contract. 
The minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.10 Index points (equal to $10 per option contract), provided 
that trade may occur at a price of 0.05 Index points (equal to $5 per option contract), irrespective of 
whether such trade results in the liquidation of positions for both parties to such trade. 
368A01.D. Underlying Futures Contract 
1. American Style Options in the March Quarterly Cycle (“Quarterly Options”)  
For any American style option for which the expiration month is in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., March, 
June, September, or December), the Underlying Futures Contract shall be for delivery in such option’s 
expiration month.  Example:  For a given year, futures for delivery in March shall be the Underlying 
Futures Contract for a March Quarterly option. 
2. American Style Options Not in the March Quarterly Cycle (“Serial Options”)  
For any American style option for which the expiration month is not in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., 
January, February, April, May, July, August, October, or November), the Underlying Futures Contract 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 2 of 4 
 
 
 
 
 
shall be for delivery in the March quarterly cycle month next following such option’s expiration month.  
Example:  For a given year, futures for delivery in March shall be the Underlying Futures Contract for a 
January Serial option and for a February Serial option. 
368A01.E. 
Exercise Prices  
Transactions and exercise of options shall be conducted for options contracts as set forth in the Strike 
Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table. 
The Exchange may modify the provisions governing the establishment of exercise prices as it deems 
appropriate. 
368A01.F. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set 
forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & 
Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to 
the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions 
from the specified position limits. 
368A01.G. 
Nature of Options 
Upon exercise of a put option by the buyer of such option, the seller of such option shall incur the 
obligation to assume a long position in one Underlying Futures Contract (Rule 368A01.D.) at such 
option’s exercise price (Rule 368A01.E.).  Upon exercise of a call option by the buyer of such option, 
the seller of such option shall incur the obligation to assume a short position in one Underlying Futures 
Contract at such option’s exercise price. 
1. Quarterly Options and Serial Options 
The buyer of a Quarterly option (Rule 368A01.D.1.) or a Serial option (Rule 368A01.D.2.) may exercise 
such option at any time prior to its expiration. 
368A01.H. 
[Reserved]  
368A01.I. 
Termination of Trading 
1. Quarterly Options  
Trading in any Quarterly option shall terminate on the same date and at the same time as the 
termination of trading in such option’s Underlying Futures Contract (Rule 368A01.D.1.).  
2. Serial Options 
Trading in any Serial option shall terminate at the close of trading in such option’s Underlying Futures 
Contract (Rule 368A01.D.2.) on the third Friday of such option’s expiration month.  If such third Friday is 
not a scheduled Business Day, then trading in expiring options shall terminate on the first preceding 
Business Day. 
If the market in the Underlying Futures Contract for such option does not open on the day scheduled for 
termination of option trading, trading in such option shall terminate on the next day on which the market 
in such Underlying Futures Contract is open for trading. 
3. Unscheduled Market Holiday 
Notwithstanding the aforementioned, if the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 368A00.A.) is closed in 
observance of an unscheduled market holiday on a day previously scheduled as a Business Day, then 
trading in option contracts that had been scheduled to expire on such day shall terminate, and such 
option contracts shall expire, on the Business Day immediately preceding such unscheduled market 
holiday.   
368A01.J. 
[Reserved]  
368A02. 
EXERCISE AND ASSIGNMENT 
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to the 
exercise of options. 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 3 of 4 
 
 
 
 
 
368A02.A. 
Exercise 
1. Quarterly Options and Serial Options 
Any Quarterly option (Rule 368A01.D.1.) or Serial option (Rule 368A01.D.2.) may be exercised by the 
buyer on any Business Day on which such option may be traded.  To exercise such option, the clearing 
member representing the option buyer shall present an exercise notice to the Clearing House by 5:30 
p.m., or by such other time as the Exchange may designate, on the day of exercise. 
 Any unexercised option shall expire at 5:30 p.m. on the last day of trading in such option (Rule 
368A01.I.).  Any option that is in the money, and that has not been liquidated or exercised prior to its 
termination of trading, shall be exercised automatically upon expiration, in the absence of contrary 
instructions.  Such contrary instructions must be delivered to the Clearing House, by the clearing 
member representing the buyer of such option, no later than 5:30 p.m., or such other time as may be 
designated by the Exchange, on the last day of trading in such option. 
A call option shall be in the money if the settlement price of such option’s Underlying Futures Contract 
(Rule 368A01.D.) on the last day of trading in such option (Rule 368A01.I.) is strictly above such 
option’s exercise price, and shall be out of the money if such settlement price is at or below such 
option’s exercise price. 
A put option shall be in the money if the settlement price of such option’s Underlying Futures Contract 
on the last day of trading in such option is strictly below such option’s exercise price, and shall be out of 
the money if such settlement price is at or above such option’s exercise price. 
368A02.B. 
Assignment 
For a given option contract, an exercise notice accepted by the Clearing House in accordance with 
Rules 368A02.A. shall be assigned by the Clearing House through a process of random selection to 
clearing members carrying open short positions in such option contract.  A clearing member to whom 
such exercise notice has been assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as practicable following such 
assignment. 
The clearing member to whom such exercise notice has been assigned shall be assigned a short 
position in such option’s Underlying Futures Contract (Rules 368A01.D.) if such option is a call, or a 
long position in such option’s Underlying Futures Contract if such option is a put.  The clearing member 
representing the option buyer making exercise shall be assigned a long position in such option’s 
Underlying Futures Contract if such option is a call, or a short position in such option’s Underlying 
Futures Contract if such option is a put. 
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of such option 
contract, and shall be marked to market (in accordance with Rule 814) on the Business Day on which 
the Clearing House accepts such exercise notice. 
368A03. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 368A) 
S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC directly or through one or more affiliates (collectively, "S&P") licenses the 
Exchange to use various S&P stock indices ("S&P Stock Indices") in connection with the trading of futures 
contracts and options on futures contracts based upon such indices. S&P shall have no liability for any 
damages, claims, losses or expenses caused by any errors or delays in calculating or disseminating the S&P 
Stock Indices. 
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and its affiliates (collectively, "S&P") do not guarantee the accuracy and/or 
completeness of the S&P Stock Indices or any data included therein. S&P makes no warranty, express or implied, 
as to the results to be obtained by any person or any entity from the use of the S&P Stock Indices or any data 
included therein in connection with the trading of futures contracts, options on futures contracts or any other use. 
S&P makes no express or implied warranties, and expressly disclaims all warranties of merchantability or fitness 
for a particular purpose or use with respect to the S&P Stock Indices or any data included therein. Without 
limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall S&P have any liability for any special, punitive, indirect, or 
consequential damages (including lost profits), even if notified of the possibility of such damages. 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
Page 4 of 4 
 
 
 
 
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES RELATING TO CHAPTER 368A 
S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC directly or through one or more affiliates (collectively, "S&P") licenses the 
Exchange to use various S&P stock indices ("S&P Stock Indices") in connection with the trading of futures 
contracts and options on futures contracts based upon such indices. S&P shall have no liability for any 
damages, claims, losses or expenses caused by any errors or delays in calculating or disseminating the 
S&P Stock Indices. 
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and its affiliates (collectively, "S&P") do not guarantee the accuracy and/or 
completeness of the S&P Stock Indices or any data included therein. S&P makes no warranty, express or 
implied, as to the results to be obtained by any person or any entity from the use of the S&P Stock Indices 
or any data included therein in connection with the trading of futures contracts, options on futures 
contracts or any other use. S&P makes no express or implied warranties, and expressly disclaims all 
warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use with respect to the S&P Stock 
Indices or any data included therein. Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall S&P have any 
liability for any special, punitive, indirect, or consequential damages (including lost profits), even if notified 
of the possibility of such damages. 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 6 
Chapter 369 
E-mini Standard and Poor’s Select Stock Index Futures 
 
36900. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to E-mini S&P Select Sector Stock Index futures and E-mini 
S&P Select Industry Index futures (“futures”). In addition to this chapter, the futures shall be subject 
to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange as applicable. 
Unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate Chicago time. 
36900.A. 
Market Decline 
For the purposes of this chapter a Market Decline shall be as defined in New York Stock Exchange 
Rule 7.12 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or in Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for 
Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
36900.B. 
Primary Listing Exchange 
For the purposes of this chapter a Primary Listing Exchange shall be as defined in the “Plan to 
Address Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission 
Pursuant to Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 
May 2012 by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), as amended from time to 
time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System Plans, File 4-631). 
36900.C. 
Regulatory Halt 
For the purposes of this chapter a Regulatory Halt shall be as defined in the “Plan to Address 
Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission Pursuant to 
Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 May 2012 
by the SEC, as amended from time to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System 
Plans, File 4-631) and as implemented under New York Stock Exchange Rule 7.12 for Trading 
Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or under Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for Trading Halts 
Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
36901. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each futures contract’s trading unit and minimum price increment shall be as specified in the table 
below. 
 
E-mini S&P Select Sector Stock Index Futures 
and E-mini S&P Select Industry Index Futures 
Contract Title 
Trading 
Unit 
(US 
dollars per 
Index 
point per 
Contract) 
CME Globex 
Minimum 
Price 
Increment or 
Tick Size 
(Fraction of 
Index point 
(and US dollars 
per Contract)) 
CME ClearPort 
Minimum Price 
Increment or 
Tick Size 
(Fraction of 
Index point 
(and US dollars 
per Contract)) 
1 
E-mini Consumer Discretionary Select Sector 
Futures 
100.00 
0.10 (10.00) 
0.01 (1.00) 
2 
E-mini Consumer Staples Select Sector Futures 
100.00 
0.10 (10.00) 
0.01 (1.00) 
3 
E-mini Energy Select Sector Futures 
100.00 
0.10 (10.00) 
0.01 (1.00) 
4 
E-mini Financial Select Sector Futures 
250.00 
0.05 (12.50) 
0.01 (2.50) 
5 
E-mini Health Care Select Sector Futures 
100.00 
0.10 (10.00) 
0.01 (1.00) 
6 
E-mini Industrial Select Sector Futures 
100.00 
0.10 (10.00) 
0.01 (1.00) 
7 
E-mini Materials Select Sector Futures 
100.00 
0.10 (10.00) 
0.01 (1.00) 
8 
E-mini Technology Select Sector Futures 
100.00 
0.10 (10.00) 
0.01 (1.00) 
9 
E-mini Utilities Select Sector Futures 
100.00 
0.10 (10.00) 
0.01 (1.00) 
10 
E-mini Real Estate Select Sector Futures 
250.00 
0.05 (12.50) 
0.01 (2.50) 
11 
E-mini Communication Services Select Sector 
Futures 
250.00 
0.05 (12.50) 
0.01 (2.50) 
12 
E-mini S&P Regional Banks Select Industry Futures 
50.00 
0.25 (12.50) 
0.01 (0.50) 
13 
E-mini S&P Insurance Select Industry Futures 
25.00 
0.50 (12.50) 
0.01 (0.25) 
14 
E-mini S&P Biotechnology Select Industry Futures 
10.00 
1.00 (10.00) 
0.01 (0.10) 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 6 
15 
E-mini S&P Oil & Gas Exploration & Production 
Select Industry Futures 
25.00 
0.50 (12.50) 
0.01 (0.25) 
16 
E-mini S&P Retail Select Industry Futures 
10.00 
1.00 (10.00) 
0.01 (0.10) 
36902. TRADING SPECIFICATIONS  
36902.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
36902.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading for the respective futures contracts shall be as designated in Rule 36901.  
36902.C. 
Price Increments 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in terms of the respective futures contract. The minimum fluctuation 
of the futures contract shall be as designated in Rule 36901.  
36902.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
36902.E. 
[Reserved 
36902.F. 
[Reserved]  
36902.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Trading in expiring futures shall terminate at the regularly scheduled start of trading on the New 
York Stock Exchange on the Business Day scheduled for determination of the Final Settlement 
Price (Rule 36903.A.) for such futures. 
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of Final Settlement Price determination 
(Rule 36903.A), trading in the expiring futures shall terminate at the close of trading on the New 
York Stock Exchange on the immediately preceding Business Day.  
36902.H. 
[Reserved] 
36902.I. 
Price Limits and Trading Halts  
Futures trading shall be subject to Price Limits as set forth in this Rule. For the purpose of this Rule 
the Exchange shall determine, in its sole discretion, the futures delivery month that represents the 
Primary Futures Contract Month and when such Primary Futures Contract Month is limit bid or limit 
offered. 
1. Daily Determination of Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, Price Limits applicable to a futures contract for a given delivery month 
shall be calculated on the basis of the corresponding Reference Price (Rule 36902.I.1.a.) and the 
corresponding Offsets (Rule 36902.I.1.b.), as follows: 
7% Price Limits = Reference Price minus 7% Offset, and Reference Price plus 7% Offset 
13% Price Limit = Reference Price minus 13% Offset 
20% Price Limit = Reference Price minus 20% Offset 
1.a. Reference Prices for Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, for futures for a given delivery month, the Exchange shall set a contract 
Reference Price on the first preceding Business Day, as follows: 
Tier 1 
Such Reference Price shall be based on the volume-weighted average price of transactions in such 
futures on the CME Globex electronic trading platform during the interval (i) between 2:59:30 p.m. 
and 3:00:00 p.m., or (ii) in the case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange, 
between 11:59:30 a.m. and noon, or (iii) in the event of an unscheduled early close of the Primary 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 6 
Listing Exchange, the final thirty (30) seconds of the Primary Listing Exchange trading day 
(“Reference Interval”). 
 
Tier 2 
If no such transaction occurs during the Reference Interval, then such Reference Price shall be 
based on the average of midpoints of bid/ask spreads for such futures quoted on CME Globex 
during the Reference Interval, provided that the Reference Price calculation shall exclude the 
midpoint value for any such bid/ask spread that is wider than two (2) times the CME Globex 
Minimum Price Increment as designated in Rule 36901. 
Tier 3 
If such Reference Price cannot be determined pursuant to Tier 1 or Tier 2, then the Exchange, in its 
sole discretion, shall set such Reference Price by alternative means which may include, but are not 
limited to, derivation by reference to the basis relationship between such futures contract’s price 
and the Index, or application of Tier 1 and Tier 2 calculations to successive time intervals of 
increasing length, in integer multiples of thirty (30) seconds, until suitable price data are obtained. 
The resultant Reference Price value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of the 
CME Globex Minimum Price Increment as designated in Rule 36901. Such Reference Price, so 
rounded, shall be used for determination of the corresponding Price Limits. 
For newly listed futures for a given delivery month, the Exchange shall set, in its sole discretion, a 
Reference Price value for the purpose of determining Price Limits for the first day of trading in such 
futures. 
1.b. Offsets for Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, the Exchange shall determine Offsets on the basis of the Index value 
(“I”) at the close of trading on the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 36900.B.) on the first preceding 
Business Day, as follows: 
7% Offset = 
7% of I  (0.07 x I)  
13% Offset = 
13% of I  
(0.13 x I)  
20% Offset = 
20% of I  
(0.20 x I)  
Each resultant Offset value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of the CME 
Globex Minimum Price Increment as designated in Rule 36901. Each such Offset, so rounded, 
shall be used in determination of the corresponding Price Limits. 
2. Application of Price Limits from Start of Trading Day to 8:30 a.m. 
From the start of any Trading Day until 8:30 a.m., there shall be no trading in futures for a given 
delivery month at any price that is either strictly lower than or strictly higher than the range defined 
by the 7% Price Limits (Rule 36902.I.1.) applicable to such futures on such Trading Day.  
Without limitation to the foregoing, the start of any Trading Day generally shall coincide with the 
start of the CME Globex trading session at 5:00 p.m. on the evening first preceding such Trading 
Day. 
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as 
set forth in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in 
the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
3. Application of Price Limits and Trading Halts from 8:30 a.m. to 2:25 p.m.  
Except as provided in Rules 36902.I.3.a. and 36802.I.3.b., from 8:30 a.m. until and including 2:25 
p.m., or from 8:30 a.m. until and including 11:25 a.m. in the case of an early scheduled close of the 
Primary Listing Exchange, futures for a given delivery month shall trade subject to the 
corresponding Price Limits (Rule 36902.I.1.), as follows:  
There shall be no futures trading at any price strictly lower than the corresponding 7% Price Limit, 
unless the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 7% Price Limit.  
At such time as the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, the 
Exchange shall initiate a 2-minute observation interval. At the conclusion of such observation 
interval:  
If the Primary Futures Contract Month is not limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, futures trading shall 
continue subject to the corresponding 13% Price Limit. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 4 of 6 
If the Primary Futures Contract Month remains limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, futures trading 
shall halt for two (2) minutes, and shall then resume subject to the corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, 
the Exchange shall initiate a 2-minute observation interval. At the conclusion of such observation 
interval:  
If the Primary Futures Contract Month is not limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, futures trading shall 
continue subject to the corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
If the Primary Futures Contract Month remains limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, futures trading 
shall halt for two (2) minutes, and shall then resume subject to the corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
There shall be no futures trading at any price strictly lower than the corresponding 20% Price Limit.  
3.a. Regulatory Halts 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt (Rule 36900.C.) in 
response to a Level 1 (7%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt. When 
trading resumes on the Primary Listing Exchange, futures trading shall resume subject to the 
corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 
2 (13%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt. When trading resumes on 
the Primary Listing Exchange, futures trading shall resume subject to the corresponding 20% Price 
Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 
3 (20%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt for the remainder of the 
trading session. 
3.b. Unscheduled Non-Regulatory Halts 
If an unscheduled trading halt that is not also a Regulatory Halt occurs on one or more Primary 
Listing Exchanges between 8:30 a.m. and 2.25 p.m., or between 8:30 a.m. and 11:25 a.m. in the 
case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange(s), then futures trading shall be 
subject to such trading halts or such price limits as the Exchange, in its sole discretion, may 
determine to be appropriate.  
4. Application of Price Limits from 2:25 p.m. to 3:00 p.m. 
From 2:25 p.m. to 3:00 p.m., or from 11:25 a.m. to noon in the case of an early scheduled close on 
the Primary Listing Exchange, trading in futures for a given delivery month shall be subject only to 
the corresponding 20% Price Limit (Rule 36902.I.1.).  
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 
3 (20%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt for the remainder of the 
trading session. 
5. Application of Price Limits from 3:00 p.m. to Close of Trading Day 
From the close of trading on the Primary Listing Exchange at 3:00 p.m., or at noon in the case of an 
early scheduled close on the Primary Listing Exchange, until the close of the current Trading Day, 
trading in futures for a given delivery month shall be subject to an upper Price Limit equal to the 
corresponding Reference Price determined on the current Business Day (Rule 36902.I.1.a.) plus 
the 7% Offset determined on the current Business Day (Rule 36902.I.1.b.). 
Trading in such futures also shall be subject to a lower Price Limit set as the corresponding 
Reference Price determined on the current Business Day minus the 7% Offset determined on the 
current Business Day, provided that such lower Price Limit shall be no lower than the 20% Price 
Limit (Rule 36902.I.1.) applicable to the current Trading Day. 
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as 
set forth in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in 
the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.  
Without limitation to the foregoing, the close of the current Trading Day generally shall coincide with 
the close of the CME Globex trading session on such Trading Day. 
36903. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement.  
36903.A. 
Final Settlement Price  


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 5 of 6 
For a futures contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be a special 
opening quotation of the Index. Such special opening quotation shall be determined on the third 
Friday of such delivery month and shall be based on opening prices of the component stocks of the 
Index. 
If the Index is not scheduled to be published on the third Friday of the contract delivery month, then 
such Final Settlement Price shall be scheduled for determination on the first preceding Business 
Day on which the Index is scheduled to be published. 
If the Primary Listing Exchange does not open on the day scheduled for determination of such Final 
Settlement Price, then the Final Settlement Price shall be a special opening quotation of the Index 
on the next following day on which the Primary Listing Exchange is open for trading. 
If a component stock of the Index does not trade on the day scheduled for determination of such 
Final Settlement Price, and the Primary Listing Exchange is open for trading, then for the purpose 
of calculating such Final Settlement Price the price of such stock shall be its closing price on the 
first preceding Primary Listing Exchange trading day, provided that the Exchange, in its sole 
discretion, may instruct that the price of such stock shall be the Primary Listing Exchange’s Official 
Opening Price of such stock on the next following Primary Listing Exchange trading day. 
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of final settlement price determination, the 
Final Settlement Price shall be the Official Index Closing Value published by the index publisher on 
the Business Day immediately preceding the original day of Final Settlement Price determination. 
36903.B. 
Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in an expiring futures contract at its termination of trading 
(Rule 36902.G.) shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in accordance 
with normal variation margin procedures based on such expiring contract’s Final Settlement Price 
(Rule 36903.A.). 
36904. 
[RESERVED] 
36905. 
[RESERVED] 
36906. 
BASIS TRADE AT INDEX CLOSE (“BTIC”) TRANSACTIONS  
All BTIC transactions must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 524.B.  
 
36906.A. 
BTIC Block Trade Requirements 
BTIC block trades must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 526.  
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed on a given Trading Day on or before the scheduled close 
of the Primary Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the 
Index closing value for the current Trading Day.  
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed on a given Trading Day after the scheduled close of the 
Primary Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the Index 
closing value for the next Trading Day. 
39606.B.  BTIC Price Assignment Procedures 
The price assignment procedures for BTIC transactions shall follow Rule 524.B.3. 
36906.C. 
BTIC Minimum Price Increments 
The valid basis or price increment applied to the Index closing value to establish the BTIC futures 
price must be stated in CME Globex Minimum Price Increments as designated in Rule 36901. 
On any Business Day, BTIC transactions in a futures contract are made on the basis of that day’s 
closing value of the corresponding Index. Such Index closing value is reported to two decimal 
places of precision. Accordingly, any futures contract position bought or sold through a BTIC 
transaction shall be cleared in minimum price increment of 0.01 Index points. 
36906.D. 
Market Disruption Events  
In the event of a market disruption in the Primary Listing Exchange, all pending and executed BTIC 
transactions in the corresponding futures contract shall be cancelled by the Exchange. Such 
disruption shall be declared by the Exchange in its sole discretion, and may include, without 
limitation, an unscheduled early close of the Primary Listing Exchange or a NYSE Rule 7.12 trading 
halt declared in response to a Level 3 (20%) decline in the S&P 500 Index that necessitates an 
early close of the Primary Listing Exchange.  
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 6 of 6 
 
(End Chapter 369) 
 
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES RELATING TO CHAPTER 394 
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC directly or through one or more affiliates (collectively, "S&P") licenses the 
Exchange to use various S&P stock indices ("S&P Stock Indices") in connection with the trading of futures 
contracts and options on futures contracts based upon such indices. S&P shall have no liability for any 
damages, claims, losses or expenses caused by any errors or delays in calculating or disseminating the S&P 
Stock Indices. 
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and its affiliates (collectively, "S&P") do not guarantee the accuracy and/or 
completeness of the S&P Stock Indices or any data included therein. S&P makes no warranty, express or 
implied, as to the results to be obtained by any person or any entity from the use of the S&P Stock Indices or 
any data included therein in connection with the trading of futures contracts, options on futures contracts or 
any other use. S&P makes no express or implied warranties, and expressly disclaims all warranties of 
merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use with respect to the S&P Stock Indices or any data 
included therein. Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall S&P have any liability for any special, 
punitive, indirect, or consequential damages (including lost profits), even if notified of the possibility of such 
damages. 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 3 
Chapter 370 
E-mini Yen Denominated Nikkei Stock Average Index Futures 
 
37000. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to E-mini Yen Denominated Nikkei Stock Average futures 
(“futures”).  In addition to this chapter, futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations 
of the Exchange as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
37001. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each futures contract shall be valued at ¥100 times the Nikkei Stock Average (“Index”).  
37002. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS  
37002.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
37002.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be ¥100 times Index. 
37002.C. 
Price Increments 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in terms of the Index.  The minimum price fluctuation shall be 10 
points, equal to ¥1000 per contract. 
37002.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
37002.E. 
[Reserved]  
37002.F. 
[Reserved]  
37002.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate at the close of trading on the Business Day immediately preceding 
the day of determination of the Final Settlement Price. 
37002.H. 
[Reserved]  
37002.I. 
Price Limits and Trading Halts 
The primary futures contract month, as referenced in this rule, shall be determined by the 
Exchange. The Exchange shall also determine when the primary futures contract month is limit bid 
or limit offered.  There shall be no Daily Price Limits in a contract on its last day of trading. 
Reference Price for Exchange Price Limits and Exchange Trading Halts: Daily price limits in 
futures will be established relative to the contract rounded Reference Price (“P”) which shall be 
determined by the Exchange as follows:  
Tier 1  
The Reference Price shall be equal to the volume-weighted average price of the 
Nikkei 225 mini Futures trades executed on the Osaka Securities Exchange (“OSE”) 
from 2:59:30 to 3:00:00 p.m. Tokyo time or, in the event of an early close of the 
primary Tokyo securities market, (ii) the last thirty (30) seconds of the primary Tokyo 
securities market trading day (Reference Interval). 
Tier 2  
If no transactions occur during the Reference Interval, the Reference Price shall be 
the average of the midpoints of each bid/ask spread in the OSE Nikkei 225 mini 
Futures contract during that thirty (30) second interval; however, bid/ask spread pairs 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 3 
wider than three (3) ticks (30 index points), shall not be included in the calculation to 
determine the Reference Price.  
Tier 3  
If the Reference Price cannot be determined pursuant to Tiers 1 and 2 above, 
designated Exchange staff shall consider any other information deemed relevant to 
determine the Reference Price. Alternatives upon which Exchange staff may 
determine the Reference Price include, but are not limited to, the following: (1) 
deriving the Reference Price based on the basis relationship to the underlying cash 
index level; or (2) deriving the Reference Price by repeating Tier 1 or Tier 2 
calculations at increasing thirty (30) second increment intervals until data is obtained. 
If the Reference Price is not divisible by 10.00 without remainder then the Reference Price shall be 
rounded down to the closest 10.00 point increment.  The Rounded Reference Price (“P”) shall be 
used to determine daily Price Limits.  
For a newly listed contract expiration month, there will be an implied Reference Price created by 
the Exchange for the sole purpose of establishing the Price Limits for the first day of trading. 
Exchange Price Limit Levels: Price Limits shall be calculated daily based upon the rounded 
Reference Price, P, and Offset levels. 
There will be three (3) Offset levels used to determine the three daily upward and the three daily 
downward Price Limits.   
The three Offset levels will be: 
  8% Offset    =   (8% × P) 
12% Offset    = (12% × P) 
16% Offset    = (16% × P) 
 
Each resultant Offset value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of 10 Index 
points. Each such Offset, so rounded, shall be used in determination of the corresponding Price 
Limits.  
The Daily Price Limits for futures shall be calculated as follows: 
1st Price Limits 
equals 
Rounded Reference Price (P)  ±    8% Offset level 
2nd Price Limits 
equals 
Rounded Reference Price (P)  ±  12% Offset level 
3rd Price Limits 
equals 
Rounded Reference Price (P)   ±  16% Offset level 
If, on any CME Business Day, the OSE Nikkei 225 mini Futures contract is closed for trading, then 
the Rounded Reference Price used for the calculation of daily Price Limits shall be the most 
recently calculated Rounded Reference Price.    
Downward Price Limits – Limit Offer  
When the primary futures contract is limit offered at the 1st downward Price Limit, a 2-minute period 
shall commence.   If the primary futures contract is not limit offered at the end of the 2-minute 
period, trading will continue with the next applicable downward Price Limit in effect.  If the primary 
futures contract is limit offered at the end of the 2-minute period, trading shall terminate for a period 
of two minutes, after which time the market shall reopen.  The next applicable downward price Limit 
shall apply to such reopening. 
When the primary futures contract is limit offered at the 2nd downward Price Limit, a 2-minute period 
shall commence.  If the primary futures contract is not limit offered at the end of the 2-minute 
period, trading will continue with the 3rd Price Limit in effect.  If the primary futures contract is limit 
offered at the end of the 2-minute period, trading shall terminate for a period of two minutes, after 
which time the market shall reopen. The 3rd downward Price Limit shall apply to such reopening.  
The 3rd downward Price Limit shall represent the Total Daily downward Price Limit and shall prevail 
until the end of the trading day. 
Upward Price Limits – Limit Bid 
When the primary futures contract is limit bid at the 1st Price Limit, a 2-minute period shall 
commence.   If the primary futures contract is not limit bid at the end of the 2-minute period, trading 
will continue with the next applicable upward Price Limit in effect.  If the primary futures contract is 
limit bid at the end of the 2-minute period, trading shall terminate for a period of two minutes, after 
which time the market shall reopen.  The next applicable upward Price Limit shall apply to such 
reopening. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 3 
When the primary futures contract is limit bid at the 2nd upward Price Limit, a 2-minute period shall 
commence.  If the primary futures contract is not limit bid at the end of the 2-minute period, trading 
will continue with the 3rd upward Price Limit in effect.  If the primary futures contract is limit bid at 
the end of the 2-minute period, trading shall terminate for a period of two minutes, after which time 
the market shall reopen. The 3rd upward Price Limit shall apply to such reopening.  The 3rd upward 
Price Limit shall represent the Total Daily upward Price Limit and shall prevail until the end of the 
trading day. 
37003. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Final settlement of expiring futures shall be by cash settlement. 
37003.A. 
Final Settlement Price  
The final settlement price shall be the special opening quotation of the [Nikkei Stock Average] 
Index which is used to settle the OSE Nikkei 225 mini Futures, rounded to the nearest 1/100th of 
an Index point.  This value will usually be based on the opening of the second Friday of the contract 
month. 
In the event the second Friday of such delivery month is not a Tokyo Stock Exchange business 
day, such special opening quotation of the Nikkei Stock Average and the corresponding Final 
Settlement Price shall be determined on the Tokyo Stock Exchange business day immediately 
preceding the second Friday of such delivery month. 
37003.B. 
Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in expiring futures at the time of termination of trading in 
that contract shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in accordance 
with normal variation performance bond procedures based on a settlement price equal to the final 
settlement price. 
37004. 
[RESERVED] 
37005-06 
[RESERVED] 
 
(End Chapter 370) 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 4 
Chapter 371 
Yen Denominated TOPIX Index Futures 
 
37100. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Yen Denominated TOPIX Index futures.  In addition to this 
chapter, futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange as applicable. 
Unless otherwise specified, times referenced herein shall refer to and indicate Chicago time. 
37101. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each futures contract shall be valued at ¥5,000 times the TOPIX Index (“Index”). 
37102. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
37102.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
37102.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be ¥5,000 times the Index. 
37102.C. 
Price Increments 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in Index points.  Subject to Rule 37106.C., the minimum price 
increment shall be 0.5 Index points, equal to ¥2,500 per contract. 
37102.D. 
Position Limits,  Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
37102.E. 
[Reserved]   
37102.F. 
[Reserved]   
37102.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Trading in expiring futures shall terminate at the close of trading on the Business Day immediately 
preceding the Business Day scheduled for determination of the Final Settlement Price of such 
futures (Rule 37103.A.). 
37102.H. 
[Reserved]  
37102.I. 
Price Limits and Trading Halts 
The primary futures contract month, as referenced in this rule, shall be determined by the 
Exchange. The Exchange shall also determine when the primary futures contract month is limit bid 
or limit offered.  There shall be no Daily Price Limits in a contract on its last day of trading. 
Reference Prices for Price Limits and Exchange Trading Halts 
Daily price limits in futures will be established relative to the contract rounded Reference Price (“P”) 
which shall be determined by the Exchange as follows: 
 
Tier 1  
Such Reference Price shall be based on the volume-weighted average price of 
transactions in TOPIX futures for the same delivery month, executed on the Osaka Stock 
Exchange (“OSE”) either during the interval between 2:59:30 to 3:00:00 p.m. Tokyo time 
or, in the event of an early close of the OSE, during the last thirty (30) seconds of the OSE 
trading day (“Reference Interval”). 
Tier 2  
If no such transaction occurs during the Reference Interval, then such Reference Price 
shall be the average of midpoints of bid/ask spreads in TOPIX futures for the same 
delivery month, as quoted on the OSE during the Reference Interval, provided that the 
Reference Price calculation shall exclude the midpoint value for any such bid/ask spread 
that is wider than 1.5 Index points (equal to 3 minimum price increments). 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 4 
Tier 3  
If such Reference Price cannot be determined pursuant to Tiers 1 and 2 above, then the 
Exchange, in its sole discretion, shall set such Reference Price by alternative means 
which may include, but are not limited to, derivation by reference to the basis relationship 
between such futures contract’s price and the Index, or application of Tier 1 and Tier 2 
calculations to successive time intervals of increasing length, in integer multiples of thirty 
(30) seconds, until suitable price data are obtained. 
The resultant Reference Price value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of 0.5 
Index points. Such Reference Price, so rounded, shall be used for determination of the 
corresponding Price Limits. 
If, on any CME Business Day, the OSE TOPIX futures market is closed for trading, then the 
Reference Price used for the calculation of daily Price Limits shall be the most recently calculated 
Reference Price. 
For newly listed futures for a given delivery month, the Exchange shall set, in its sole discretion, a 
Reference Price value for the purpose of determining Price Limits for the first day of trading in such 
futures. 
Exchange Price Limit Levels: Price Limits shall be calculated daily based upon the rounded 
Reference Price, P, and Offset levels. 
There will be three (3) Offset levels used to determine the three daily upward and the three daily 
downward Price Limits.   
The three Offset levels will be: 
  8% Offset    =   (8% × P) 
12% Offset    = (12% × P) 
16% Offset    = (16% × P) 
Each resultant Offset value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of 0.5 Index 
points.  Each such Offset, so rounded, shall be used in determination of the corresponding Price 
Limits, in accord with Rule 37102.I.1. 
The Daily Price Limits for Nikkei Stock Average futures shall be calculated as follows: 
1st Price Limits 
 equals 
Rounded Reference Price (P)  ±    8% Offset level 
2nd Price Limits 
 equals 
 Rounded Reference Price (P)  ±  12% Offset level 
3rd Price Limits 
equals 
 Rounded Reference Price (P)   ±  16% Offset level 
If, on any CME Business Day, the OSE TOPIX futures market is closed for trading, then the 
Reference Price used for the calculation of daily Price Limits shall be the most recently calculated 
Reference Price. 
Downward Price Limits 
At such time as the Primary Futures Contract becomes limit offered at the downward 8% Price 
Limit, the Exchange shall initiate a 2-minute observation interval.  At the conclusion of such 
observation interval: 
If the Primary Futures Contract is not limit offered at its downward 8% Price Limit, futures 
trading shall continue subject to the corresponding downward 12% Price Limit. 
If the Primary Futures Contract remains limit offered at its downward 8% Price Limit, futures 
trading shall halt for two (2) minutes, and shall then resume subject to the corresponding 
downward 12% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Futures Contract becomes limit offered at its downward 12% Price 
Limit, the Exchange shall initiate a 2-minute observation interval.  At the conclusion of such 
observation interval: 
If the Primary Futures Contract is not limit offered at its downward 12% Price Limit, futures 
trading shall continue subject to the corresponding 16% Price Limit. 
If the Primary Futures Contract remains limit offered at its downward 12% Price Limit, futures 
trading shall halt for two (2) minutes, and shall then resume subject to the corresponding 
downward 16% Price Limit. 
There shall be no futures trading at any price strictly lower than the corresponding downward 16% 
Price Limit. 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 4 
Upward Price Limits 
At such time as the Primary Futures Contract becomes limit bid at the upward 8% Price Limit, the 
Exchange shall initiate a 2-minute observation interval.  At the conclusion of such observation 
interval: 
If the Primary Futures Contract is not limit bid at its upward 8% Price Limit, futures trading shall 
resume subject to the corresponding upward 12% Price Limit. 
If the Primary Futures Contract remains limit bid at its upward 8% Price Limit, futures trading shall 
halt for two (2) minutes, and shall then resume subject to the corresponding upward 12% Price 
Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Futures Contract becomes limit bid at its upward 12% Price Limit, the 
Exchange shall initiate a 2-minute observation interval.  At the conclusion of such observation 
interval: 
If the Primary Futures Contract is not limit bid at its upward 12% Price Limit, futures trading shall 
resume subject to the corresponding upward 16% Price Limit. 
If the Primary Futures Contract remains limit bid at its upward 12% Price Limit, futures trading shall 
halt for two (2) minutes, and shall then resume subject to the corresponding upward 16% Price 
Limit. 
There shall be no futures trading at any price strictly higher than the corresponding upward 16% 
Price Limit. 
37103. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
 
 
 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement. 
37103.A. 
Final Settlement Price  
For a futures contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be based on the 
special quotation of the Index, determined by the TSE on the basis of opening prices on the TSE of 
each Index component stock.  The Final Settlement Price shall be such special quotation of the 
Index rounded to the nearest 0.01 Index points. 
Such special quotation of the Index and the corresponding Final Settlement Price typically shall be 
determined on the second Friday of such delivery month.  When the second Friday of such delivery 
month is not a TSE business day, such special quotation of the Index and the corresponding Final 
Settlement Price shall be determined on the TSE business day immediately preceding the second 
Friday of such delivery month. 
37103.B. 
Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in an expiring futures contract at its termination of trading 
(Rule 37102.G.) shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in accordance 
with normal variation margin procedures based on such expiring contract’s Final Settlement Price 
(Rule 37103.A.). 
37104. 
[RESERVED] 
37105 
[RESERVED] 
37106. 
BASIS TRADE AT INDEX CLOSE (“BTIC”) TRANSACTIONS 
All BTIC transactions must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 524.B. 
Notwithstanding the provisions in Rule 524.B.2., BTIC transactions are permitted on the last day of 
trading for the contract. 
37106.A. Reserved 
37106.B. BTIC Price Assignment Procedures  
The price assignment procedures for BTIC transactions shall follow Rule 524.B.3. 
37106.C. BTIC Minimum Price Increments  
The minimum price increment shall be 0.025 Index points, equal to ¥125 per contract, for any basis 
adjustment that is applied to the Index closing level to establish the futures price of a BTIC 
transaction.  
37106.D. Market Disruption Events 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 4 of 4 
In the event of a market disruption in the Primary Listing Exchange, all pending and executed BTIC 
transactions in the corresponding futures contract shall be cancelled by the Exchange.  Such 
disruption shall be declared by the Exchange in its sole discretion, and may include, without 
limitation, an unscheduled early close of the Primary Listing Exchange or a regulatory trading halt 
necessitating an early closure of the Primary Listing Exchange. 
37106.E. [Reserved]  
 
(End Chapter 371) 
 
 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 4 
 
Chapter 372 
Adjusted Interest Rate Russell 1000® Total Return Index Futures 
 
37200. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Adjusted Interest Rate Russell 1000® Total Return Index 
futures (“AIR Russell 1000® TRF” or “futures”). 
The AIR Russell 1000® TRF valuation has three components; an equity index component, a daily 
Benchmark financing component and a financing spread adjustment component. 
AIR Russell 1000® TRF = (Equity Index – Accrued Financing) + Financing Spread Adjustment 
In addition to this chapter, futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the 
Exchange as applicable. 
Unless otherwise specified, times referenced herein shall refer to and indicate Chicago time. 
37200.A. 
Market Decline 
For the purposes of this chapter a Market Decline shall be as defined in New York Stock Exchange 
Rule 7.12 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or in Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for 
Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
37200.B. 
Primary Listing Exchange 
For the purposes of this chapter a Primary Listing Exchange shall be as defined in the “Plan to 
Address Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission 
Pursuant to Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 
May 2012 by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), as amended from time to time 
(SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System Plans, File 4-631). 
37200.C. 
Regulatory Halt 
For the purposes of this chapter a Regulatory Halt shall be as defined in the “Plan to Address 
Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission Pursuant to 
Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 May 2012 by 
the SEC, as amended from time to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System Plans, File 
4-631) and as implemented under New York Stock Exchange Rule 7.12 for Trading Halts Due to 
Extraordinary Volatility or under Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for Trading Halts Due to 
Extraordinary Volatility. 
37201. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
The contract structure is subject to the following definitions:  
1. 
Definitions 
a. 
Equity Index shall mean Russell 1000® Total Return Index (“RU10INTR Index”, 
“RU10INTR” or “Index”); 
b. 
Index Close shall mean the official index closing value of the Equity Index for a 
particular trading day based on the closing price of the constituent stocks in the index 
as disseminated by the Index Administrator; 
c. 
Index Administrator shall mean FTSE International Limited (FTSE) who is responsible 
for the calculation and dissemination of the Equity Index; 
d. 
Benchmark Funding Reference Rate shall mean the Overnight Effective Federal 
Funds Rate (EFFR) published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on the current 
business day of the value on the previous business day, expressed on per annum 
basis; 
e. 
Cash Market Settlement Day shall mean the settlement day of an equity trade 
corresponding to a trading day, as scheduled by the DTCC; 
f. 
Daily Financing Period shall mean the length of time in years between the Cash 
Market Settlement Day of the previous business day and the Cash Market Settlement 
Day of the current day, using the ACT/360 day count convention; 
g. 
Time to Maturity shall mean the length of time between the Cash Market Settlement 
Day of the current day and the Cash Market Settlement Day of the day of final 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 4 
settlement price determination of the contract, expressed in years using the ACT/360 
day count convention; 
h. 
Daily Financing Amount shall mean the following value: 
Previous Business day’s Index Close x Daily Financing Period x Benchmark 
Funding Reference Rate  
i. 
Accrued Financing shall mean cumulative value of the Daily Financing Amount since 
the listing of a contract.  On the first day of trading, CME Clearing shall determine and 
publish the initial value of the Accrued Financing for the contract.  Thereafter, on each 
business day, the Accrued Financing of the contract shall be determined by adding the 
current day’s Daily Financing Amount to the Accrued Financing of the contract as of 
the previous business day; 
j. 
TRF Spread Price (or Total Return Futures Spread Price, or Financing Spread 
Price) shall mean an interest rate spread, expressed on per annum basis, above or 
below the Benchmark Funding Reference Rate; 
k. 
Absolute Price shall mean the price of the futures contract by converting the TRF 
Spread Price using the Pricing Formula with the appropriate Index Value, Time to 
Maturity, and TRF Spread Price as inputs; 
l. 
Financing Spread Adjustment shall mean the value determined by following formula: 
Index Close (of Current Business Day) x TRF Spread Price x Time to Maturity 
2. 
For purpose of this chapter, Pricing Formula shall mean the following formula: 
 
 
Equity Index – Accrued Financing + Financing Spread Adjustment 
3. 
For trades pursuant to 37206. BTIC Transactions, the Exchange shall apply the Pricing Formula 
to trades consummated using TRF Spread Prices to determine the Absolute Price, subject to 
rounding to the nearest Price Increment.  For trades pursuant to Exchanges For Related 
Positions, trade counterparties shall submit to CME Clearing the Absolute Price agreed upon by 
the counterparties. 
37202. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
37202.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange, provided that there shall be no trading in futures contracts 
when trading is halted in the Primary Futures Contract Month for E-mini Russell 1000 Index futures 
pursuant to Rule 38302.I. 
37202.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $10.00 times the Adjusted Interest Rate Russell 1000® Total Return Index 
Futures. 
37202.C. 
Price Increments 
The price for the AIR Russell 1000® TRF shall be in index points. The minimum price fluctuation shall 
be 0.01 index points. 
The quoting notation for the AIR Russell 1000® TRF Spread will be expressed in basis points and 
shall be transacted via BTIC (rule 37206). The minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.5 basis points. 
37202.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set 
forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona file commercial purposes shall apply to 
the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
37202.E. 
[Reserved] 
37202.F. 
[Reserved] 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 4 
37202.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Trading in expiring futures shall terminate at the regularly scheduled start of trading on the Primary 
Listing Exchange on the Business Day scheduled for determination of the Final Settlement Price 
(Rule 37203.A.) for such futures. 
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of Final Settlement Price determination 
(Rule 37203.A), trading in the expiring futures shall terminate at the close of trading on the New York 
Stock Exchange on the immediately preceding Business Day.  
37202.H. 
[Reserved] 
37202.I. 
Price Limits and Trading Halts 
There shall be no trading of AIR Russell 1000® TRF when trading is restricted as set forth in Rule 
38300.C. 
37203. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement. 
37203.A. 
Final Settlement Price 
For a futures contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be determined 
based on using the Pricing Formula, with the special opening quotation of the Russell 1000® Total 
Return Index (RU10INTR SOQ) in place of the Index Close. For the avoidance of doubt, the Final 
Settlement Price shall be  
RU10INTR SOQ – Accrued Financing on Day of Final Settlement Price Determination 
Note that Time to Maturity on the day of Final Settlement Price Determination shall be zero, and the 
Financing Spread Adjustment shall be zero. 
Such special opening quotation (SOQ) shall be determined on the third Friday of such delivery month 
and shall be based on opening prices of the component stocks of the Index. 
If the Index is not scheduled to be published on the third Friday of the contract delivery month, then 
such Final Settlement Price shall be scheduled for determination on the first preceding Business Day 
on which the Index is scheduled to be published. 
If the Primary Listing Exchange for a component stock of the Index does not open on the day 
scheduled for determination of such Final Settlement Price, then for the purpose of calculating such 
special opening quotation price of the Index the price of such component stock shall be its opening 
price on the next following day on which its Primary Listing Exchange is open for trading. 
If a component stock of the Index does not trade on the day scheduled for determination of such 
Final Settlement Price, and the Primary Listing Exchange for such stock is open for trading, then for 
the purpose of calculating such special opening quotation price of the Index the price of such stock 
shall be its last sale price, provided that the Exchange in its sole discretion may instruct that the price 
of such stock shall be its opening price on the next following day that it is traded on its Primary Listing 
Exchange. 
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of final settlement price determination, the 
Final Settlement Price shall be the Official Index Closing Value published by the index publisher on 
the Business Day immediately preceding the original day of Final Settlement Price determination. 
37203.B. 
Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in an expiring futures contract at its termination of trading 
(Rule 37202.G.) shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in accordance 
with normal variation margin procedures based on such expiring contract’s Final Settlement Price 
(Rule 37203.A.). 
37204. 
[RESERVED] 
 
37205. 
[RESERVED] 
 
37206. 
BASIS TRADE AT INDEX CLOSE (“BTIC”) TRANSACTIONS 
All BTIC transactions must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 524.B. 
37206.A. BTIC Block Trade Requirements 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 4 of 4 
BTIC block trades must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 526.  
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed on a given Trading Day on or before the scheduled close 
of the Primary Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the 
Index closing value for the current Trading Day.  
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed after the scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange, 
the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the Index closing value for the next 
Trading Day. 
37206.B. BTIC Price Assignment Procedures  
The price assignment procedures for BTIC transactions shall follow Rule 524.B.3. 
37206.C. BTIC Minimum Price Increments 
The minimum price increment shall be 0.50 basis points, per contract, for any basis adjustment that 
is applied to an Index closing price to establish a BTIC transaction price. 
37206.D. Market Disruption Events  
In the event of a market disruption in the Primary Listing Exchange, all pending and executed BTIC 
transactions in the corresponding futures contract shall be cancelled by the Exchange. Such 
disruption shall be declared by the Exchange in its sole discretion, and may include, without limitation, 
an unscheduled early close of the Primary Listing Exchange or a NYSE Rule 7.12 trading halt 
declared in response to a Level 3 (20%) decline in the S&P 500 Index that necessitates an early 
close of the Primary Listing Exchange.  
37206.E. [Reserved]  
 
(End Chapter 372) 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES RELATING TO CHAPTER 372 
1. Trading Specifications 
Until such time as the Exchange shall enable outright trading in futures contracts made under these Rules, trading 
shall be permitted only where such futures contracts are traded through Basis Trade at Index Close transactions, 
pursuant to Rules 524.B. (Basis Trade at Index Close (“BTIC”) Transactions) and Rules 37206. of this Chapter, 
provided that in any instance where such futures contracts are traded as the futures component of an EFRP 
transaction, pursuant to Rule 538. (Exchange for Related Positions), the price of such futures contracts may be 
made either in Index terms outright, pursuant to Rules 37202. of this Chapter, or in BTIC terms, pursuant to Rules 
524.B. and Rules 37206. of this Chapter. 
Trading in an expiring futures contract shall terminate at the scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange on 
the Exchange business day first preceding the day of Final Settlement Price determination for such futures 
contract. 
 
DISCLAIMER 
Neither Frank Russell Company’s publication of the Russell Indexes nor its licensing of its trademarks 
for use in connection with securities or other financial products derived from a Russell Index in any 
way suggests or implies a representation or opinion by Frank Russell Company as to the 
attractiveness of investment in any securities or other financial products based upon or derived from 
any Russell Index. Frank Russell Company is not the issuer of any such securities or other financial 
products and makes no express or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for any particular 
purpose with respect to any Russell Index or any data included or reflected therein, nor as to results 
to be obtained by any person or any entity from the use of the Russell Index or any data included or 
reflected therein. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 4 
 
Chapter 373 
Adjusted Interest Rate Russell 2000® Total Return Index Futures 
 
37300. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Adjusted Interest Rate Russell 2000® Total Return Index 
futures (“AIR Russell 2000® TRF” or “futures”). 
The AIR Russell 2000® TRF valuation has three components; an equity index component, a daily 
Benchmark financing component and a financing spread adjustment component. 
AIR Russell 2000® TRF = (Equity Index – Accrued Financing) + Financing Spread Adjustment 
In addition to this chapter, futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the 
Exchange as applicable. 
Unless otherwise specified, times referenced herein shall refer to and indicate Chicago time. 
37300.A. 
Market Decline 
For the purposes of this chapter a Market Decline shall be as defined in New York Stock Exchange 
Rule 7.12 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or in Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for 
Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
37300.B. 
Primary Listing Exchange 
For the purposes of this chapter a Primary Listing Exchange shall be as defined in the “Plan to 
Address Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission 
Pursuant to Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 
May 2012 by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), as amended from time to time 
(SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System Plans, File 4-631). 
37300.C. 
Regulatory Halt 
For the purposes of this chapter a Regulatory Halt shall be as defined in the “Plan to Address 
Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission Pursuant to 
Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 May 2012 by 
the SEC, as amended from time to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System Plans, File 
4-631) and as implemented under New York Stock Exchange Rule 7.12 for Trading Halts Due to 
Extraordinary Volatility or under Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for Trading Halts Due to 
Extraordinary Volatility. 
37301. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
The contract structure is subject to the following definitions:  
1. 
Definitions 
a. 
Equity Index shall mean Russell 2000® Total Return Index (“RU20INTR Index”, 
“RU20INTR” or “Index”); 
b. 
Index Close shall mean the official index closing value of the Equity Index for a 
particular trading day based on the closing price of the constituent stocks in the index 
as disseminated by the Index Administrator; 
c. 
Index Administrator shall mean FTSE International Limited (FTSE) who is responsible 
for the calculation and dissemination of the Equity Index; 
d. 
Benchmark Funding Reference Rate shall mean the Overnight Effective Federal 
Funds Rate (EFFR) published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on the current 
business day of the value on the previous business day, expressed on per annum 
basis; 
e. 
Cash Market Settlement Day shall mean the settlement day of an equity trade 
corresponding to a trading day, as scheduled by the DTCC; 
f. 
Daily Financing Period shall mean the length of time in years between the Cash 
Market Settlement Day of the previous business day and the Cash Market Settlement 
Day of the current day, using the ACT/360 day count convention; 
g. 
Time to Maturity shall mean the length of time between the Cash Market Settlement 
Day of the current day and the Cash Market Settlement Day of the day of final 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 4 
settlement price determination of the contract, expressed in years using the ACT/360 
day count convention; 
h. 
Daily Financing Amount shall mean the following value: 
Previous Business day’s Index Close x Daily Financing Period x Benchmark 
Funding Reference Rate  
i. 
Accrued Financing shall mean cumulative value of the Daily Financing Amount since 
the listing of a contract.  On the first day of trading, CME Clearing shall determine and 
publish the initial value of the Accrued Financing for the contract.  Thereafter, on each 
business day, the Accrued Financing of the contract shall be determined by adding the 
current day’s Daily Financing Amount to the Accrued Financing of the contract as of 
the previous business day; 
j. 
TRF Spread Price (or Total Return Futures Spread Price, or Financing Spread 
Price) shall mean an interest rate spread, expressed on per annum basis, above or 
below the Benchmark Funding Reference Rate; 
k. 
Absolute Price shall mean the price of the futures contract by converting the TRF 
Spread Price using the Pricing Formula with the appropriate Index Value, Time to 
Maturity, and TRF Spread Price as inputs; 
l. 
Financing Spread Adjustment shall mean the value determined by following formula: 
Index Close (of Current Business Day) x TRF Spread Price x Time to Maturity 
2. 
For purpose of this chapter, Pricing Formula shall mean the following formula: 
 
 
Equity Index – Accrued Financing + Financing Spread Adjustment 
3. 
For trades pursuant to 37306. BTIC Transactions, the Exchange shall apply the Pricing Formula 
to trades consummated using TRF Spread Prices to determine the Absolute Price, subject to 
rounding to the nearest Price Increment.  For trades pursuant to Exchanges For Related 
Positions, trade counterparties shall submit to CME Clearing the Absolute Price agreed upon by 
the counterparties. 
37302. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
37302.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange, provided that there shall be no trading in futures contracts 
when trading is halted in the Primary Futures Contract Month for E-mini Russell 2000 Index futures 
pursuant to Rule 39302.I. 
37302.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $10.00 times the Adjusted Interest Rate Russell 2000® Total Return Index 
Futures. 
37302.C. 
Price Increments 
The price for the AIR Russell 2000® TRF shall be in index points. The minimum price fluctuation shall 
be 0.01 index points. 
The quoting notation for the AIR Russell 2000® TRF Spread will be expressed in basis points and 
shall be transacted via BTIC (rule 37306). The minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.5 basis points. 
37302.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set 
forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona file commercial purposes shall apply to 
the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
37302.E. 
[Reserved] 
37302.F. 
[Reserved] 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 4 
37302.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Trading in expiring futures shall terminate at the regularly scheduled start of trading on the Primary 
Listing Exchange on the Business Day scheduled for determination of the Final Settlement Price 
(Rule 37303.A.) for such futures. 
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of Final Settlement Price determination 
(Rule 37303.A), trading in the expiring futures shall terminate at the close of trading on the New York 
Stock Exchange on the immediately preceding Business Day.  
37302.H. 
[Reserved] 
37302.I. 
Price Limits and Trading Halts 
There shall be no trading of AIR Russell 2000® TRF when trading is restricted as set forth in Rule 
39300.C. 
37303. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement. 
37303.A. 
Final Settlement Price 
For a futures contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be determined 
based on using the Pricing Formula, with the special opening quotation of the Russell 2000® Total 
Return Index (RU20INTR SOQ) in place of the Index Close. For the avoidance of doubt, the Final 
Settlement Price shall be  
RU20INTR SOQ – Accrued Financing on Day of Final Settlement Price Determination 
Note that Time to Maturity on the day of Final Settlement Price Determination shall be zero, and the 
Financing Spread Adjustment shall be zero. 
Such special opening quotation (SOQ) shall be determined on the third Friday of such delivery month 
and shall be based on opening prices of the component stocks of the Index. 
If the Index is not scheduled to be published on the third Friday of the contract delivery month, then 
such Final Settlement Price shall be scheduled for determination on the first preceding Business Day 
on which the Index is scheduled to be published. 
If the Primary Listing Exchange for a component stock of the Index does not open on the day 
scheduled for determination of such Final Settlement Price, then for the purpose of calculating such 
special opening quotation price of the Index the price of such component stock shall be its opening 
price on the next following day on which its Primary Listing Exchange is open for trading. 
If a component stock of the Index does not trade on the day scheduled for determination of such 
Final Settlement Price, and the Primary Listing Exchange for such stock is open for trading, then for 
the purpose of calculating such special opening quotation price of the Index the price of such stock 
shall be its last sale price, provided that the Exchange in its sole discretion may instruct that the price 
of such stock shall be its opening price on the next following day that it is traded on its Primary Listing 
Exchange. 
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of final settlement price determination, the 
Final Settlement Price shall be the Official Index Closing Value published by the index publisher on 
the Business Day immediately preceding the original day of Final Settlement Price determination. 
37303.B. 
Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in an expiring futures contract at its termination of trading 
(Rule 37302.G.) shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in accordance 
with normal variation margin procedures based on such expiring contract’s Final Settlement Price 
(Rule 37303.A.). 
37304. 
[RESERVED] 
37305. 
[RESERVED] 
37306. 
BASIS TRADE AT INDEX CLOSE (“BTIC”) TRANSACTIONS 
All BTIC transactions must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 524.B. 
37306.A. BTIC Block Trade Requirements 
BTIC block trades must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 526.  


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 4 of 4 
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed on a given Trading Day on or before the scheduled close 
of the Primary Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the 
Index closing value for the current Trading Day.  
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed after the scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange, 
the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the Index closing value for the next 
Trading Day. 
37306.B. BTIC Price Assignment Procedures  
The price assignment procedures for BTIC transactions shall follow Rule 524.B.3. 
37306.C. BTIC Minimum Price Increments 
The minimum price increment shall be 0.50 basis points, per contract, for any basis adjustment that 
is applied to an Index closing price to establish a BTIC transaction price. 
37306.D. Market Disruption Events  
In the event of a market disruption in the Primary Listing Exchange, all pending and executed BTIC 
transactions in the corresponding futures contract shall be cancelled by the Exchange. Such 
disruption shall be declared by the Exchange in its sole discretion, and may include, without limitation, 
an unscheduled early close of the Primary Listing Exchange or a NYSE Rule 7.12 trading halt 
declared in response to a Level 3 (20%) decline in the S&P 500 Index that necessitates an early 
close of the Primary Listing Exchange.  
37306.E. [Reserved]  
 
(End Chapter 373) 
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES RELATING TO CHAPTER 373 
1. Trading Specifications 
Until such time as the Exchange shall enable outright trading in futures contracts made under these Rules, trading 
shall be permitted only where such futures contracts are traded through Basis Trade at Index Close transactions, 
pursuant to Rules 524.B. (Basis Trade at Index Close (“BTIC”) Transactions) and Rules 37306. of this Chapter, 
provided that in any instance where such futures contracts are traded as the futures component of an EFRP 
transaction, pursuant to Rule 538. (Exchange for Related Positions), the price of such futures contracts may be 
made either in Index terms outright, pursuant to Rules 37302. of this Chapter, or in BTIC terms, pursuant to Rules 
524.B. and Rules 37306. of this Chapter. 
Trading in an expiring futures contract shall terminate at the scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange on 
the Exchange business day first preceding the day of Final Settlement Price determination for such futures 
contract. 
 
DISCLAIMER 
Neither Frank Russell Company’s publication of the Russell Indexes nor its licensing of its trademarks 
for use in connection with securities or other financial products derived from a Russell Index in any 
way suggests or implies a representation or opinion by Frank Russell Company as to the 
attractiveness of investment in any securities or other financial products based upon or derived from 
any Russell Index. Frank Russell Company is not the issuer of any such securities or other financial 
products and makes no express or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for any particular 
purpose with respect to any Russell Index or any data included or reflected therein, nor as to results 
to be obtained by any person or any entity from the use of the Russell Index or any data included or 
reflected therein. 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 5 
 
Chapter 374 
Adjusted Interest Rate Nasdaq-100 Total Return Index® Futures 
 
37400. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Adjusted Interest Rate Nasdaq-100 Total Return Index® 
futures (“AIR Nasdaq-100TRF” or “futures”). 
The AIR Nasdaq-100 TRF valuation has three components; an equity index component, a daily 
Benchmark financing component and a financing spread adjustment component. 
AIR Nasdaq-100 TRF = (Equity Index – Accrued Financing) + Financing Spread Adjustment 
In addition to this chapter, futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the 
Exchange as applicable. 
Unless otherwise specified, times referenced herein shall refer to and indicate Chicago time. 
37400.A. 
Market Decline 
For the purposes of this chapter a Market Decline shall be as defined in New York Stock Exchange 
Rule 7.12 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or in Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for 
Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
37400.B. 
Primary Listing Exchange 
For the purposes of this chapter a Primary Listing Exchange shall be as defined in the “Plan to 
Address Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission 
Pursuant to Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 
May 2012 by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), as amended from time to time 
(SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System Plans, File 4-631). 
37400.C. 
Regulatory Halt 
For the purposes of this chapter a Regulatory Halt shall be as defined in the “Plan to Address 
Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission Pursuant to 
Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 May 2012 by 
the SEC, as amended from time to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System Plans, File 
4-631) and as implemented under New York Stock Exchange Rule 7.12 for Trading Halts Due to 
Extraordinary Volatility or under Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for Trading Halts Due to 
Extraordinary Volatility. 
37401. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
The contract structure is subject to the following definitions:  
1. 
Definitions 
a. 
Equity Index shall mean Nasdaq-100 Total Return Index® (“XNDX Index”, “XNDX” or 
“Index”); 
b. 
Index Close shall mean the official index closing value of the Equity Index for a 
particular trading day based on the closing price of the constituent stocks in the index 
as disseminated by the Index Administrator; 
c. 
Index Administrator shall mean the Nasdaq, who is responsible for the calculation 
and dissemination of the Equity Index; 
d. 
Benchmark Funding Reference Rate shall mean the Overnight Effective Federal 
Funds Rate (EFFR) published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on the current 
business day of the value on the previous business day, expressed on per annum 
basis; 
e. 
Cash Market Settlement Day shall mean the settlement day of an equity trade 
corresponding to a trading day, as scheduled by the DTCC; 
f. 
Daily Financing Period shall mean the length of time in years between the Cash 
Market Settlement Day of the previous business day and the Cash Market Settlement 
Day of the current day, using the ACT/360 day count convention; 
g. 
Time to Maturity shall mean the length of time between the Cash Market Settlement 
Day of the current day and the Cash Market Settlement Day of the day of final 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 5 
settlement price determination of the contract, expressed in years using the ACT/360 
day count convention; 
h. 
Daily Financing Amount shall mean the following value: 
Previous Business day’s Index Close x Daily Financing Period x Benchmark 
Funding Reference Rate  
i. 
Accrued Financing shall mean cumulative value of the Daily Financing Amount since 
the listing of a contract.  On the first day of trading, CME Clearing shall determine and 
publish the initial value of the Accrued Financing for the contract.  Thereafter, on each 
business day, the Accrued Financing of the contract shall be determined by adding the 
current day’s Daily Financing Amount to the Accrued Financing of the contract as of 
the previous business day; 
j. 
TRF Spread Price (or Total Return Futures Spread Price, or Financing Spread 
Price) shall mean an interest rate spread, expressed on per annum basis, above or 
below the Benchmark Funding Reference Rate; 
k. 
Absolute Price shall mean the price of the futures contract by converting the TRF 
Spread Price using the Pricing Formula with the appropriate Index Value, Time to 
Maturity, and TRF Spread Price as inputs; 
l. 
Financing Spread Adjustment shall mean the value determined by following formula: 
Index Close (of Current Business Day) x TRF Spread Price x Time to Maturity 
2. 
For purpose of this chapter, Pricing Formula shall mean the following formula: 
 
 
Equity Index – Accrued Financing + Financing Spread Adjustment 
3. 
For trades pursuant to 37406. BTIC Transactions, the Exchange shall apply the Pricing Formula 
to trades consummated using TRF Spread Prices to determine the Absolute Price, subject to 
rounding to the nearest Price Increment.  For trades pursuant to Exchanges For Related 
Positions, trade counterparties shall submit to CME Clearing the Absolute Price agreed upon by 
the counterparties. 
37402. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
37402.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange, provided that there shall be no trading in futures contracts 
when trading is halted in the Primary Futures Contract Month for E-mini Nasdaq-100 Index® futures 
pursuant to Rule 35902.I. 
37402.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $10.00 times the Adjusted Interest Rate Nasdaq-100 Total Return Index® 
Futures. 
37402.C. 
Price Increments 
The price for the AIR Nasdaq-100 TRF shall be in index points. The minimum price fluctuation shall 
be 0.01 index points. 
The quoting notation for the AIR Nasdaq-100 TRF Spread will be expressed in basis points and shall 
be transacted via BTIC (rule 37406). The minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.50 basis points. 
37402.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set 
forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona file commercial purposes shall apply to 
the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
37402.E. 
[Reserved] 
37402.F. 
[Reserved] 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 5 
37402.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Trading in expiring futures shall terminate at the regularly scheduled start of trading on the Primary 
Listing Exchange on the Business Day scheduled for determination of the Final Settlement Price 
(Rule 37403.A.) for such futures. 
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of Final Settlement Price determination 
(Rule 37403.A), trading in the expiring futures shall terminate at the close of trading on the New York 
Stock Exchange on the immediately preceding Business Day.  
37402.H. 
[Reserved] 
37402.I. 
Price Limits and Trading Halts 
There shall be no trading of AIR Nasdaq-100 TRF when trading is restricted as set forth in Rule 
35900.C. 
37403. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement. 
37403.A. 
Final Settlement Price 
For a futures contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be determined 
based on using the Pricing Formula, with the special opening quotation of the Nasdaq-100 Total 
Return Index® (XNDX SOQ) in place of the Index Close. For the avoidance of doubt, the Final 
Settlement Price shall be  
XNDX SOQ – Accrued Financing on Day of Final Settlement Price Determination 
Note that Time to Maturity on the day of Final Settlement Price Determination shall be zero, and the 
Financing Spread Adjustment shall be zero. 
Such special opening quotation (SOQ) shall be determined on the third Friday of such delivery month 
and shall be based on opening prices of the component stocks of the Index. 
If the Index is not scheduled to be published on the third Friday of the contract delivery month, then 
such Final Settlement Price shall be scheduled for determination on the first preceding Business Day 
on which the Index is scheduled to be published. 
If the Primary Listing Exchange for a component stock of the Index does not open on the day 
scheduled for determination of such Final Settlement Price, then for the purpose of calculating such 
special opening quotation price of the Index the price of such component stock shall be its opening 
price on the next following day on which its Primary Listing Exchange is open for trading. 
If a component stock of the Index does not trade on the day scheduled for determination of such 
Final Settlement Price, and the Primary Listing Exchange for such stock is open for trading, then for 
the purpose of calculating such special opening quotation price of the Index the price of such stock 
shall be its last sale price, provided that the Exchange in its sole discretion may instruct that the price 
of such stock shall be its opening price on the next following day that it is traded on its Primary Listing 
Exchange. 
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of final settlement price determination, the 
Final Settlement Price shall be the Official Index Closing Value published by the index publisher on 
the Business Day immediately preceding the original day of Final Settlement Price determination. 
37403.B. 
Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in an expiring futures contract at its termination of trading 
(Rule 37402.G.) shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in accordance 
with normal variation margin procedures based on such expiring contract’s Final Settlement Price 
(Rule 37403.A.). 
37404. 
[RESERVED] 
 
37405. 
[RESERVED] 
 
37406. 
BASIS TRADE AT INDEX CLOSE (“BTIC”) TRANSACTIONS 
All BTIC transactions must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 524.B. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 4 of 5 
 37406.A. BTIC Block Trade Requirements 
BTIC block trades must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 526.  
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed on a given Trading Day on or before the scheduled close 
of the Primary Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the 
Index closing value for the current Trading Day.  
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed after the scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange, 
the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the Index closing value for the next 
Trading Day. 
37406.B. BTIC Price Assignment Procedures  
The price assignment procedures for BTIC transactions shall follow Rule 524.B.3. 
37406.C. BTIC Minimum Price Increments 
The minimum price increment shall be 0.50 basis points, per contract, for any basis adjustment that 
is applied to an Index closing price to establish a BTIC transaction price.  
37406.D. Market Disruption Events  
In the event of a market disruption in the Primary Listing Exchange, all pending and executed BTIC 
transactions in the corresponding futures contract shall be cancelled by the Exchange. Such 
disruption shall be declared by the Exchange in its sole discretion, and may include, without limitation, 
an unscheduled early close of the Primary Listing Exchange or a NYSE Rule 7.12 trading halt 
declared in response to a Level 3 (20%) decline in the S&P 500 Index that necessitates an early 
close of the Primary Listing Exchange.  
37406.E. [Reserved]  
 
(End Chapter 374) 
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES RELATING TO CHAPTER 374 
1. Trading Specifications 
Until such time as the Exchange shall enable outright trading in futures contracts made under these Rules, trading 
shall be permitted only where such futures contracts are traded through Basis Trade at Index Close transactions, 
pursuant to Rules 524.B. (Basis Trade at Index Close (“BTIC”) Transactions) and Rules 37406. of this Chapter, 
provided that in any instance where such futures contracts are traded as the futures component of an EFRP 
transaction, pursuant to Rule 538. (Exchange for Related Positions), the price of such futures contracts may be 
made either in Index terms outright, pursuant to Rules 37402. of this Chapter, or in BTIC terms, pursuant to Rules 
524.B. and Rules 37406. of this Chapter. 
Trading in an expiring futures contract shall terminate at the scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange on 
the Exchange business day first preceding the day of Final Settlement Price determination for such futures 
contract. 
 
DISCLAIMER 
E–mini Nasdaq-100 Index Futures and Options on Nasdaq-100 Index Futures (Products) are not 
sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc. (including its affiliates) 
(Nasdaq, with its affiliates, are referred to as the Corporations). The Corporations have not passed 
on the legality or suitability of, or the accuracy or adequacy of descriptions and disclosures relating 
to, the Products. The Corporations make no representation or warranty, express or implied, to the 
holder of any position in the Products or any member of the public regarding the advisability of 
investing in financial instruments generally or in the Products particularly, or the ability of the Nasdaq-
100 Index to track general stock market performance. The Corporations' only relationship to Chicago 
Mercantile Exchange Inc. (Licensee) is in the licensing of certain trademarks, service marks, and 
trade names of the Corporations and the use of the Nasdaq-100 Index, which is determined, 
composed and calculated by Nasdaq without regard to Licensee or the Products. Nasdaq has no 
obligation to take the needs of the Licensee or the holder of any position in the Products into 
consideration in determining, composing or calculating the Nasdaq-100 Index. The Corporations are 
not responsible for and have not participated in the determination or calculation of the equation by 
which the Products are to be converted into cash, in the case of Nasdaq-100 Futures, or futures 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 5 of 5 
contracts, in the case of Options on Nasdaq-100 Futures. The Corporations have no liability in 
connection with the administration, marketing or trading of the Products.  
 
THE CORPORATIONS DO NOT GUARANTEE THE ACCURACY AND/OR UNINTERRUPTED 
CALCULATION OF THE NASDAQ 100 INDEX OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN. THE 
CORPORATIONS MAKE NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE RESULTS TO BE 
OBTAINED BY ANY PERSON OR ENTITY FROM THE USE OF THE NASDAQ 100 INDEX, ANY 
OPENING, INTRA-DAY, OR CLOSING VALUE THEREOF, OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN, 
OR RELATING THERETO, IN CONNECTION WITH THE TRADING OF E–MINI NASDAQ 100 
FUTURES OR OPTIONS ON E–MINI NASDAQ 100 FUTURES OR FOR ANY OTHER PURPOSE. 
THE CORPORATIONS MAKE NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, AND EXPRESSLY 
DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR 
PURPOSE OR USE WITH RESPECT TO THE NASDAQ 100 INDEX, ANY OPENING, INTRA-DAY, 
OR © Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. Page 6 of 6 CLOSING 
VALUE THEREOF, OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN OR RELATED THERETO, OR ANY E– 
MINI NASDAQ 100 FUTURES CONTRACT OR OPTION ON A E–MINI NASDAQ 100 FUTURES 
CONTRACT. WITHOUT LIMITING ANY OF THE FOREGOING, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE 
CORPORATIONS HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INDIRECT, OR 
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS), EVEN IF NOTIFIED OF THE 
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 5 
Chapter 375 
Adjusted Interest Rate FTSE® 100 Total Return Declared Dividend Index 
Futures  
 
37500. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Adjusted Interest Rate FTSE® 100 Total Return Declared 
Dividend Index Futures (“AIR FTSE 100 TRF” “futures”).  
The AIR FTSE® 100 TRF valuation has three components; an equity index component, a daily 
Benchmark financing component and a financing spread adjustment component.   
AIR FTSE® 100 TRF = (Equity Index – Accrued Financing) + Financing Spread Adjustment  
In addition to this chapter, futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the 
Exchange as applicable. 
Unless otherwise specified, times referenced herein shall refer to and indicate Chicago time. 
37500.A. 
[Reserved] 
 
37500.B. 
Primary Listing Exchange  
For the purposes of this chapter a Primary Listing Exchange shall be as defined as the London 
Stock Exchange.  
37501. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
The contract structure is subject to the following definitions:  
1. 
Definitions 
a. 
Equity Index: shall mean the FTSE® 100 Total Return Declared Dividend Index 
(“UKXDUK” or “Index”); 
b. 
Index Close: The official index closing value of the Equity Index for a particular trading 
day based on the closing price of the constituent stocks in the index as disseminated by 
the Index Administrator; 
c. 
Index Administrator: shall mean the Russell FTSE® who is responsible for the 
calculation and dissemination of the Equity Index;  
d. 
Benchmark Funding Reference Rate: shall mean the Sterling Overnight Index Average 
(SONIA) published by the Bank of England on the current business day of the value on 
the previous business day, expressed on per annum basis; Sterling  
e. 
Cash Market Settlement Day shall mean the settlement day of an equity trade 
corresponding to a trading day, as scheduled by the CREST; 
f. 
Daily Financing Period: shall mean the length of time in years between the Cash Market 
Settlement Day of the previous business day and the Cash Market Settlement Day of the 
current day, using the ACT/365 day count convention; 
g. 
Time to Maturity: shall mean the length of time in years between the Cash Market 
Settlement Day of the previous business day and the Cash Market Settlement Day of the 
current day, using the ACT/365 day count convention; 
h. 
Daily Financing Amount shall mean the following value:  
Previous Business day’s Index Close x Daily Financing Period x Benchmark  
Funding Reference Rate 
i. 
Accrued Financing: shall mean cumulative value of the Daily Financing Amount since 
the listing of a contract. On the first day of trading, CME Clearing shall determine and 
publish the initial value of the Accrued Financing for the contract. Thereafter, on each 
business day, the Accrued Financing of the contract shall be determined by adding the 
current day’s Daily Financing Amount to the Accrued Financing of the contract as of the 
previous business day; 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 5 
j. 
TRF Spread Price (or Total Return Futures Spread Price, or Financing Spread Price) 
shall mean an interest rate spread, expressed on per annum basis, above or below the 
Benchmark Funding Reference Rate; 
k. 
Absolute Price shall mean the price of the futures contract by converting the TRF Spread 
Price using the Pricing Formula with the appropriate Index Value, Time to Maturity, and 
TRF Spread Price as inputs; 
l. 
Financing Spread Adjustment shall mean the value determined by following formula:  
Index Close (of Current Business Day) x TRF Spread Price x Time to 
Maturity 
2. 
For purpose of this chapter, Pricing Formula shall mean the following formula:  
Equity Index – Accrued Financing + Financing Spread Adjustment  
3. 
For trades pursuant to 37506. BTIC Transactions, the Exchange shall apply the Pricing 
Formula to trades consummated using TRF Spread Prices to determine the Absolute Price, 
subject to rounding to the nearest Price Increment. For trades pursuant to Exchanges For 
Related Positions, trade counterparties shall submit to CME Clearing the Absolute Price 
agreed upon by the counterparties. 
37502. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
37502.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange, provided that there shall be no trading in futures contracts 
when trading is halted in the Primary Futures Contract Month. 
37502.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 10.00 GBP times the FTSE® 100 Total Return Declared Dividend Index.  
37502.C. 
Price Increments 
The price for the AIR FTSE® 100 TRF will be in index points. The minimum price fluctuation shall 
be 0.01 index points.  
The quoting notation for the AIR FTSE 100 TRF Spread will be expressed in basis points and shall 
be transacted via BTIC (Rule 37506). The minimum price fluctuation is 0.5 basis points.  
37502.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona file commercial purposes shall apply to 
the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
37502.E. 
[Reserved] 
37502.F. 
[Reserved] 
37502.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Trading in expiring futures shall terminate at 10:30 a.m. London time on the Business Day 
scheduled for determination of the Final Settlement Price (Rule 37503.A.) for such futures. 
37502.H. 
[Reserved] 
37502.I. 
Price Limits and Trading Halts 
The primary futures contract expiration month, as referenced in this rule, shall be determined by the 
Exchange. The Exchange shall also determine when the primary futures contract month is limit bid 
or limit offered.  
Reference Price for Exchange Price Limits and Exchange Trading Halts:  
Daily price limits in futures will be established on the basis of a Reference Price (“P”) which shall be 
determined by the Exchange as follows:  
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 5 
 
 
Tier 1  
Such Reference Price shall be the volume-weighted average price of transactions in futures 
executed on Globex during the 30 seconds immediately preceding commencement of the closing 
auction for SETS securities on the London Stock Exchange Main Market (“LSE closing auction”). 
Tier 2  
If no such transaction occurs, such Reference Price shall be the average bid/ask spread in futures 
during the 30 seconds immediately preceding commencement of the LSE closing auction closing 
auction. 
Tier 3  
If such Reference Price cannot be determined pursuant to Tiers 1 and 2 above, then the Exchange, 
in its sole discretion, shall set such Reference Price by alternative means which may include, but 
are not limited to, derivation by reference to the basis relationship between such futures contract’s 
price and the Index, or application of Tier 1 and Tier 2 calculations to successive time intervals of 
increasing length, in integer multiples of thirty (30) seconds, until suitable price data are obtained. 
The resultant Reference Price value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of one 
(1) Index point. Such Reference Price, so rounded, shall be used for determination of the 
corresponding Price Limits.  
In the event of an early close of the London Stock Exchange (“LSE”), such Reference Price shall 
be made on the basis of the thirty (30) seconds immediately preceding the LSE closing auction.  
For newly listed futures, the Exchange shall set, in its sole discretion, a Reference Price value for 
the purpose of determining Price Limits for the first day of trading in such futures.  
Exchange Price Limit Levels: The Price Limits shall be calculated daily based upon the Reference 
Price, P, and the value of the Index based upon LSE closing auction prices of Index component 
stocks (“I”). The Offset used to derive the daily Price Limits shall be calculated as follows:    
       
7% Offset = 7% of l, or (0.07 x l) rounded down to the nearest 0.01point increments.  
The daily Price Limits for futures shall be calculated as follows:  
7% Price Limit = P plus 7% Offset, and P minus 7% Offset 
Exchange Price Limits from 5:00 p.m. Chicago Time to 8:00 a.m. London Time:  
There shall be no trading of futures at any price outside the range defined by the 7% Price Limits, 
where such 7% Price Limits are calculated on the basis of (i) the Reference Price determined by 
the Exchange immediately prior to the most recent LSE closing auction and (ii) the Offset derived 
by the Exchange from the Index value based on the most recent LSE closing auction.  
Exchange Price Limits from 8:00 a.m. London Time to 4:35 p.m. London Time:  
Price Limits shall not apply during LSE Main Market hours.  
Exchange Price Limits from 4:35 p.m. London Time to 4:00 p.m. Chicago Time:  
There shall be no trading of futures at any price outside the range defined by the 7% Price Limits, 
where such 7% Price Limits are calculated on the basis of (i) the Reference Price determined by 
the Exchange immediately prior to the most recent LSE closing auction and (ii) the Offset derived 
by the Exchange from the Index value based on the LSE closing auction first preceding the most 
recent LSE closing auction.  
37503. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement. 
37503.A. 
Final Settlement Price 
 
For a futures contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be determined 
based using the Pricing Formula, with the Exchange Delivery Settlement Price (FTSE® 100 EDSP) 
in place of the Index Close? For the avoidance of doubt, the Final Settlement Price shall be  
FTSE® 100 EDSP – Accrued Financing on Day of Final Settlement Price Determination  
Note that Time to Maturity on the day of Final Settlement Price Determination shall be zero, and the 
Financing Spread Adjustment shall be zero.  


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 4 of 5 
Such FTSE® Exchange Delivery Settlement Price (FTSE® 100 EDSP) shall be determined on the 
third Friday of such delivery month and shall be based on the Exchange Delivery Settlement Price 
prices of the component stocks of the Index.  
If the Index is not scheduled to be published on the third Friday of the contract delivery month, then 
such Final Settlement Price shall be scheduled for determination on the first preceding Business 
Day on which the Index is scheduled to be published.  
37503.B. 
Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in an expiring futures contract at its termination of trading 
(Rule 37502.G.) shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in accordance 
with normal variation margin procedures based on such expiring contract’s Final Settlement Price 
(Rule 37503.A.). 
37504. 
[RESERVED]  
37505. 
[RESERVED] 
37506. 
BASIS TRADE AT INDEX CLOSE (“BTIC”) TRANSACTIONS 
All BTIC transactions must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 524.B.  
37506.A. 
BTIC Block Trade Requirements  
BTIC block trades must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 526.  
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed on a given Trading Day on or before the scheduled close 
of the Primary Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the 
Index closing value for the current Trading Day.  
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed on a given Trading Day after the scheduled close of the 
Primary Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the Index 
closing value for the next Trading Day. 
37506.B. 
BTIC Price Assignment Procedures  
The price assignment procedures for BTIC transactions shall follow Rule 524.B.3. 
37506.C. 
BTIC Minimum Price Increments 
The minimum price increment shall be 0.50 basis points, per contract, for any basis adjustment that 
is applied to an Index closing price to establish a BTIC transaction price. 
37506.D. 
Market Disruption Events   
In the event of a market disruption in the Primary Listing Exchange, all pending and executed BTIC 
transactions in the corresponding futures contract shall be cancelled by the Exchange. Such 
disruption shall be declared by the Exchange in its sole discretion, and may include, without 
limitation, an unscheduled early close of the Primary Listing Exchange. 
37506.E. 
[Reserved]   
 
(End Chapter 375) 
 
DISCLAIMER 
 
Adjusted Interest Rate FTSE® 100 Total Return Declared Dividend Index Futures are not in any 
way sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by FTSE® International Limited (“FTSE”) or the 
London Stock Exchange Group companies (“LSEG”) (together the “Licensor Parties”) and none of 
the Licensor Parties make any claim, prediction, warranty or representation whatsoever, expressly 
or impliedly, either as to (i) the results to be obtained from the use of the FTSE® 100 Total Return 
Declared Dividend Index Futures (the “Index”) (upon which Adjusted Interest Rate FTSE® 100 Total 
Return Declared Dividend Index Futures are based), (ii) the figure at which the Index is said to 
stand at any particular time on any particular day or otherwise, or (iii) the suitability of the Index for 
the purpose to which it is being put in connection with the Adjusted Interest Rate FTSE® 100 Total 
Return Declared Dividend Index futures Index. None of the Licensor Parties have provided or will 
provide any financial or investment advice or recommendation in relation to the Index to CME or to 
its clients. The Index is calculated by FTSE® or its agent. None of the Licensor Parties shall be (a) 
liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) to any person for any error in the Index or (b) under any 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 5 of 5 
obligation to advise any person of any error therein. All rights in the Index vest in FTSE®. “FTSE®” 
is a trade mark of LSEG and is used by FTSE® under license. 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 1 of 4 
Chapter 376 
USD Denominated TOPIX Index Futures  
 
37600. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to USD Denominated TOPIX Index Futures.  In addition to this 
chapter, futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange as applicable. 
Unless otherwise specified, times referenced herein shall refer to and indicate Chicago time. 
37601. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each futures contract shall be valued at USD 50 times the TOPIX Index (“Index”). 
37602. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
37602.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
37602.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $50 times the Index. 
37602.C. 
Price Increments 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in Index points.  Subject to Rule 37606.C., the minimum price 
increment shall be 0.50 Index points, equal to $25 per contract. 
37602.D. 
Position Limits,  Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
37602.E. 
[Reserved]   
37602.F. 
[Reserved]   
37602.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Trading in expiring futures shall terminate at the close of trading on the Business Day immediately 
preceding the Business Day scheduled for determination of the Final Settlement Price of such 
futures (Rule 37603.A.). 
37602.H. 
[Reserved]  
37602.I. 
Price Limits and Trading Halts 
The primary futures contract month, as referenced in this rule, shall be determined by the 
Exchange. The Exchange shall also determine when the primary futures contract month is limit bid 
or limit offered.  There shall be no Daily Price Limits in a contract on its last day of trading.  
Reference Prices for Price Limits and Exchange Trading Halts 
Daily price limits in futures will be established relative to the contract rounded Reference Price (“P”) 
which shall be determined by the Exchange as follows: 
Tier 1  
Such Reference Price shall be based on the volume-weighted average price of 
transactions in TOPIX futures for the same delivery month, executed on the Osaka 
Exchange, Inc (“OSE”) either during the interval between 2:59:30 to 3:00:00 p.m. Tokyo 
time or, in the event of an early close of the OSE, during the last thirty (30) seconds of the 
OSE trading day (“Reference Interval”). 
Tier 2  
If no such transaction occurs during the Reference Interval, then such Reference Price 
shall be the average of midpoints of bid/ask spreads in TOPIX futures for the same 
delivery month, as quoted on the OSE during the Reference Interval, provided that the 
Reference Price calculation shall exclude the midpoint value for any such bid/ask spread 
that is wider than 1.5 Index points (equal to 3 minimum price increments). 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 2 of 4 
Tier 3  
If such Reference Price cannot be determined pursuant to Tiers 1 and 2 above, then the 
Exchange, in its sole discretion, shall set such Reference Price by alternative means 
which may include, but are not limited to, derivation by reference to the basis relationship 
between such futures contract’s price and the Index, or application of Tier 1 and Tier 2 
calculations to successive time intervals of increasing length, in integer multiples of thirty 
(30) seconds, until suitable price data are obtained. 
The resultant Reference Price value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of 0.5 
Index points. Such Reference Price, so rounded, shall be used for determination of the 
corresponding Price Limits. 
If, on any CME Business Day, the OSE TOPIX futures market is closed for trading, then the 
Reference Price used for the calculation of daily Price Limits shall be the most recently calculated 
Reference Price. 
For newly listed futures for a given delivery month, the Exchange shall set, in its sole discretion, a 
Reference Price value for the purpose of determining Price Limits for the first day of trading in such 
futures. 
Exchange Price Limit Levels: Price Limits shall be calculated daily based upon the rounded 
Reference Price, P, and Offset levels. 
There will be three (3) Offset levels used to determine the three daily upward and the three daily 
downward Price Limits.   
The three Offset levels will be: 
  8% Offset    =  (8% × P) 
12% Offset    = (12% × P) 
16% Offset    = (16% × P) 
Each resultant Offset value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of 0.5 Index 
points.  Each such Offset, so rounded, shall be used in determination of the corresponding Price 
Limits, in accord with Rule 37602.I.1. 
The Daily Price Limits for TOPIX futures shall be calculated as follows: 
1st Price Limits 
 equals 
Rounded Reference Price (P)  ±    8% Offset level 
2nd Price Limits 
 equals 
 Rounded Reference Price (P)  ±  12% Offset level 
3rd Price Limits 
equals 
 Rounded Reference Price (P)   ±  16% Offset level 
If, on any CME Business Day, the OSE TOPIX futures market is closed for trading, then the 
Reference Price used for the calculation of daily Price Limits shall be the most recently calculated 
Reference Price. 
Downward Price Limits 
At such time as the Primary Futures Contract becomes limit offered at the downward 8% Price 
Limit, the Exchange shall initiate a 2-minute observation interval.  At the conclusion of such 
observation interval: 
If the Primary Futures Contract is not limit offered at its downward 8% Price Limit, futures 
trading shall continue subject to the corresponding downward 12% Price Limit. 
If the Primary Futures Contract remains limit offered at its downward 8% Price Limit, futures 
trading shall halt for two (2) minutes, and shall then resume subject to the corresponding 
downward 12% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Futures Contract becomes limit offered at its downward 12% Price 
Limit, the Exchange shall initiate a 2-minute observation interval.  At the conclusion of such 
observation interval: 
If the Primary Futures Contract is not limit offered at its downward 12% Price Limit, futures 
trading shall continue subject to the corresponding 16% Price Limit. 
If the Primary Futures Contract remains limit offered at its downward 12% Price Limit, futures 
trading shall halt for two (2) minutes, and shall then resume subject to the corresponding 
downward 16% Price Limit. 
There shall be no futures trading at any price strictly lower than the corresponding downward 16% 
Price Limit. 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 3 of 4 
Upward Price Limits 
At such time as the Primary Futures Contract becomes limit bid at the upward 8% Price Limit, the 
Exchange shall initiate a 2-minute observation interval.  At the conclusion of such observation 
interval: 
If the Primary Futures Contract is not limit bid at its upward 8% Price Limit, futures trading shall 
resume subject to the corresponding upward 12% Price Limit. 
If the Primary Futures Contract remains limit bid at its upward 8% Price Limit, futures trading shall 
halt for two (2) minutes, and shall then resume subject to the corresponding upward 12% Price 
Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Futures Contract becomes limit bid at its upward 12% Price Limit, the 
Exchange shall initiate a 2-minute observation interval.  At the conclusion of such observation 
interval: 
If the Primary Futures Contract is not limit bid at its upward 12% Price Limit, futures trading shall 
resume subject to the corresponding upward 16% Price Limit. 
If the Primary Futures Contract remains limit bid at its upward 12% Price Limit, futures trading shall 
halt for two (2) minutes, and shall then resume subject to the corresponding upward 16% Price 
Limit. 
There shall be no futures trading at any price strictly higher than the corresponding upward 16% 
Price Limit. 
37603. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
 
 
 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement. 
37603.A. 
Final Settlement Price  
For a futures contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be based on the 
special quotation of the Index, determined by the JPX Market Innovation & Research, Inc. (JPXI) 
on the basis of opening prices on the Tokyo Stock Exchange (TSE) of each Index component 
stock.  The Final Settlement Price shall be such special quotation of the Index rounded to the 
nearest 0.01 Index points. 
Such special quotation of the Index and the corresponding Final Settlement Price typically shall be 
determined on the second Friday of such delivery month.  When the second Friday of such delivery 
month is not a JPXI business day, such special quotation of the Index and the corresponding Final 
Settlement Price shall be determined on the JPXI business day immediately preceding the second 
Friday of such delivery month. 
37603.B. 
Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in an expiring futures contract at its termination of trading 
(Rule 37602.G.) shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in accordance 
with normal variation margin procedures based on such expiring contract’s Final Settlement Price 
(Rule 37603.A.). 
37604. 
[RESERVED] 
37605 
[RESERVED] 
37606. 
BASIS TRADE AT INDEX CLOSE (“BTIC”) TRANSACTIONS 
All BTIC transactions must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 524.B. 
Notwithstanding the provisions in Rule 524.B.2., BTIC transactions are permitted on the last day of 
trading for the contract. 
For the purposes of Rule 37606. The Primary Listing Exchange shall be defined as Tokyo Stock 
Exchange (TSE).  
37606.A. Reserved 
37606.B. BTIC Price Assignment Procedures  
The price assignment procedures for BTIC transactions shall follow Rule 524.B.3. 
37606.C. BTIC Minimum Price Increments  


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 4 of 4 
The minimum price increment shall be 0.025 Index points, equal to $1.25 per contract, for any 
basis adjustment that is applied to the Index closing level to establish the futures price of a BTIC 
transaction.  
37606.D. Market Disruption Events 
In the event of a market disruption in the Primary Listing Exchange, that precludes a valid closing 
index value for the underlying index, all pending and executed BTIC transactions in the 
corresponding futures contract shall be cancelled by the Exchange.  Such disruption shall be 
declared by the Exchange in its sole discretion, and may include, without limitation, an unscheduled 
early close of the Primary Listing Exchange or a regulatory trading halt necessitating an early 
closure of the Primary Listing Exchange. 
37606.E. [Reserved]  
(End Chapter 376) 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 1 of 5 
 
Chapter 377 
E-mini Nasdaq Composite Index Futures 
 
37700. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to E-mini Nasdaq Composite Index futures (“futures”).  In 
addition to this chapter, futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the 
Exchange as applicable. 
Unless otherwise specified, times referenced herein shall refer to and indicate Chicago time. 
37700.A. 
Market Decline 
For the purposes of this chapter a Market Decline shall be as defined in New York Stock Exchange 
Rule 7.12 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or in Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for 
Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
37700.B. 
Primary Listing Exchange 
For the purposes of this chapter a Primary Listing Exchange shall be as defined in the “Plan to 
Address Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission 
Pursuant to Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 
May 2012 by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), as amended from time to 
time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System Plans, File 4-631). 
37700.C. 
Regulatory Halt 
For the purposes of this chapter a Regulatory Halt shall be as defined in the “Plan to Address 
Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission Pursuant to 
Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 May 2012 
by the SEC, as amended from time to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System 
Plans, File 4-631) and as implemented under New York Stock Exchange Rule 7.12 for Trading 
Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or under Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for Trading Halts 
Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
37701. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each futures contract shall be valued at $20.00 times the Nasdaq Composite Index (“Index”). 
37702. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS  
37702.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
37702.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $20.00 times the Index. 
37702.C. 
Price Increments 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in Index points.  The minimum price increment shall be 0.50 Index 
points, equal to $10.00 per contract, except for intermonth spreads executed pursuant to Rule 
542.A., for which the minimum price increment shall be 0.05 Index points, equal to $1.00 per 
intermonth spread. 
37702.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
37702.E. 
[Reserved] 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 2 of 5 
37702.F. 
[Reserved]   
37702.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Trading in expiring futures shall terminate at the regularly scheduled start of trading on the Nasdaq 
Stock Market on the Business Day scheduled for determination of the Final Settlement Price (Rule 
37703.A.) for such futures. 
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of Final Settlement Price determination 
(Rule 37703.A), trading in the expiring futures shall terminate at the close of trading on the New 
York Stock Exchange on the immediately preceding Business Day.  
37702.H. 
[Reserved]  
37702.I. 
Price Limits and Trading Halts 
Futures trading shall be subject to Price Limits as set forth in this Rule.  For the purpose of this 
Rule the Exchange shall determine, in its sole discretion, the futures delivery month that represents 
the Primary Futures Contract Month and when such Primary Futures Contract Month is limit bid or 
limit offered. 
1. Daily Determination of Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, Price Limits applicable to a futures contract for a given delivery month 
shall be calculated on the basis of the corresponding Reference Price (Rule 37702.I.1.a.) and the 
corresponding Offsets (Rule 37702.I.1.b.), as follows: 
7% Price Limits = Reference Price minus 7% Offset, and Reference Price plus 7% Offset 
13% Price Limit = Reference Price minus 13% Offset 
20% Price Limit = Reference Price minus 20% Offset 
1.a. Reference Prices for Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, for futures for a given delivery month, the Exchange shall set a contract 
Reference Price on the first preceding Business Day, as follows: 
Tier 1 
Such Reference Price shall be based on the volume-weighted average price of transactions in such 
futures on the CME Globex electronic trading platform during the interval (i) between 2:59:30 p.m. 
and 3:00:00 p.m., or (ii) in the case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange, 
between 11:59:30 a.m. and noon, or (iii) in the event of an unscheduled early close of the Primary 
Listing Exchange, the final thirty (30) seconds of the Primary Listing Exchange trading day 
(“Reference Interval”). 
Tier 2 
 
If no such transaction occurs during the reference interval, then such Reference Price shall be 
based on the average of midpoints of bid/ask spreads for such futures quoted on CME Globex 
during the reference interval, provided that the Reference Price calculation shall exclude the 
midpoint value for any such bid/ask spread that is wider than 1.00 Index points (equal to two (2) 
minimum price increments).   
Tier 3 
If such Reference Price cannot be determined pursuant to Tier 1 or Tier 2, then the Exchange, in its 
sole discretion, shall set such Reference Price by alternative means which may include, but are not 
limited to, derivation by reference to the basis relationship between such futures contract’s price 
and the Index, or application of Tier 1 and Tier 2 calculations to successive time intervals of 
increasing length, in integer multiples of thirty (30) seconds, until suitable price data are obtained. 
The resultant Reference Price value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of 0.50 
Index points.  Such Reference Price, so rounded, shall be used for determination of the 
corresponding Price Limits. 
For newly listed futures for a given delivery month, the Exchange shall set, in its sole discretion, a 
Reference Price value for the purpose of determining Price Limits for the first day of trading in such 
futures.   
1.b. Offsets for Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, the Exchange shall determine Offsets on the basis of the Index value 
(“I”) at the close of trading on the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 37700.B.) on the first preceding 
Business Day, as follows: 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 3 of 5 
7% Offset = 
7% of I  (0.07 x I)  
13% Offset = 
13% of I  
(0.13 x I)  
20% Offset = 
20% of I  
(0.20 x I)  
Each resultant Offset value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of 0.50 Index 
points. Each such Offset, so rounded, shall be used in determination of the corresponding Price 
Limits. 
2. Application of Price Limits from Start of Trading Day to 8:30 a.m. 
From the start of any Trading Day until 8:30 a.m., there shall be no trading in futures for a given 
delivery month at any price that is either strictly lower than or strictly higher than the range defined 
by the 7% Price Limits (Rule 37702.I.1.) applicable to such futures on such Trading Day.  
Without limitation to the foregoing, the start of any Trading Day generally shall coincide with the 
start of the CME Globex trading session at 5:00 p.m. on the evening first preceding such Trading 
Day. 
.  
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as 
set forth in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in 
the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
3. Application of Price Limits and Trading Halts from 8:30 a.m. to 2:25 p.m.  
Except as provided in Rules 37702.I.3.a. and 37702.I.3.b., from 8:30 a.m. until and including 2:25 
p.m., or from 8:30 a.m. until and including 11:25 a.m. in the case of an early scheduled close of the 
Primary Listing Exchange, futures for a given delivery month shall trade subject to the 
corresponding Price Limits (Rule 37702.I.1.), as follows:  
There shall be no futures trading at any price strictly lower than the corresponding 7% Price Limit, 
unless the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 7% Price Limit.  
At such time as the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, the 
Exchange shall initiate a 2-minute observation interval.  At the conclusion of such observation 
interval:  
If the Primary Futures Contract Month is not limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, futures trading shall 
continue subject to the corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
If the Primary Futures Contract Month remains limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, futures trading 
shall halt for two (2) minutes, and shall then resume subject to the corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, 
the Exchange shall initiate a 2-minute observation interval.  At the conclusion of such observation 
interval:  
If the Primary Futures Contract Month is not limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, futures trading shall 
continue subject to the corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
If the Primary Futures Contract Month remains limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, futures trading 
shall halt for two (2) minutes, and shall then resume subject to the corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
There shall be no futures trading at any price strictly lower than the corresponding 20% Price Limit.  
3.a. Regulatory Halts 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt (Rule 37700.C.) in 
response to a Level 1 (7%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt.  When 
trading resumes on the Primary Listing Exchange, futures trading shall resume subject to the 
corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 
2 (13%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt.  When trading resumes on 
the Primary Listing Exchange, futures trading shall resume subject to the corresponding 20% Price 
Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 
3 (20%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt for the remainder of the 
trading session. 
3.b. Unscheduled Non-Regulatory Halts 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 4 of 5 
If an unscheduled trading halt that is not also a Regulatory Halt occurs on one or more Primary 
Listing Exchanges between 8:30 a.m. and 2.25 p.m., or between 8:30 a.m. and 11:25 a.m. in the 
case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange(s), then futures trading shall be 
subject to such trading halts or such price limits as the Exchange, in its sole discretion, may 
determine to be appropriate.  
4. Application of Price Limits from 2:25 p.m. to 3:00 p.m. 
From 2:25 p.m. to 3:00 p.m., or from 11:25 a.m. to noon in the case of an early scheduled close on 
the Primary Listing Exchange, trading in futures for a given delivery month shall be subject only to 
the corresponding 20% Price Limit (Rule 37702.I.1.).  
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 
3 (20%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt for the remainder of the 
trading session. 
5. Application of Price Limits from 3:00 p.m. to Close of Trading Day 
From the close of trading on the Primary Listing Exchange at 3:00 p.m., or at noon in the case of an 
early scheduled close on the Primary Listing Exchange, until the close of the current Trading Day, 
trading in futures for a given delivery month shall be subject to an upper Price Limit equal to the 
corresponding Reference Price determined on the current Business Day (Rule 37702.I.1.a.) plus 
the 7% Offset determined on the current Business Day (Rule 37702.I.1.b.). 
Trading in such futures also shall be subject to a lower Price Limit set as the corresponding 
Reference Price determined on the current Business Day minus the 7% Offset determined on the 
current Business Day, provided that such lower Price Limit shall be no lower than the 20% Price 
Limit (Rule 37702.I.1.) applicable to the current Trading Day. 
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as 
set forth in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in 
the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
Without limitation to the foregoing, the close of the current Trading Day generally shall coincide with 
the close of the CME Globex trading session on such Trading Day. 
37703. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement. 
37703.A. 
Final Settlement Price 
For a futures contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be a special 
opening quotation of the Index.  Such special opening quotation shall be determined on the third 
Friday of such delivery month and shall be based on the Nasdaq Official Opening Price (“NOOP”) 
of each of the component stocks of the Index. 
If the Index is not scheduled to be published on the third Friday of the contract delivery month, then 
such Final Settlement Price shall be scheduled for determination on the first preceding Business 
Day on which the Index is scheduled to be published. 
If the Nasdaq Stock Market does not open on the day scheduled for determination of such Final 
Settlement Price, then the Final Settlement Price shall be a special opening quotation of the Index 
on the next following day on which the Nasdaq Stock Market is open for trading. 
If a component stock of the Index does not trade on the day scheduled for determination of such 
Final Settlement  Price, and the Nasdaq Stock Market is open for trading, then for the purpose of 
calculating such Final Settlement Price the price of such stock shall be its closing price on the first 
preceding Nasdaq Stock Market trading day, provided that the Exchange, in its sole discretion, may 
instruct that the price of such stock shall be the NOOP of such stock on the next following Nasdaq 
Stock Market trading day.   
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of final settlement price determination, the 
Final Settlement Price shall be the Official Index Closing Value published by the index publisher on 
the Business Day immediately preceding the original day of Final Settlement Price determination. 
37703.B. 
Final Settlement 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 5 of 5 
Clearing members holding open positions in an expiring futures contract at its termination of trading 
(Rule 37702.G.) shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in accordance 
with normal variation margin procedures based on such expiring contract’s Final Settlement Price 
(Rule 37703.A.). 
37704. 
[RESERVED] 
37705 
[RESERVED] 
End Chapter 377 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES  
RELATING TO CHAPTER 377 
E-mini Nasdaq Composite Index Futures and Options on E-mini Nasdaq Composite Index Futures (Products) are 
not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc. (including its affiliates) (Nasdaq, 
with its affiliates, are referred to as the Corporations). The Corporations have not passed on the legality or 
suitability of, or the accuracy or adequacy of descriptions and disclosures relating to, the Products.  The 
Corporations make no representation or warranty, express or implied, to the holder of any position in the 
Products or any member of the public regarding the advisability of investing in financial instruments generally or 
in the Products particularly, or the ability of the Nasdaq Composite Index to track general stock market 
performance.  The Corporations' only relationship to Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. (Licensee) is in the 
licensing of certain trademarks, service marks, and trade names of the Corporations and the use of the Nasdaq 
Composite Index, which is determined, composed and calculated by Nasdaq without regard to Licensee or the 
Products.  Nasdaq has no obligation to take the needs of the Licensee or the holder of any position in the 
Products into consideration in determining, composing or calculating the Nasdaq Composite Index.  The 
Corporations are not responsible for and have not participated in the determination or calculation of the equation 
by which the Products are to be converted into cash, in the case of E-mini Nasdaq Composite Futures, or futures 
contracts, in the case of Options on E-mini Nasdaq Composite Futures.  The Corporations have no liability in 
connection with the administration, marketing or trading of the Products. 
THE CORPORATIONS DO NOT GUARANTEE THE ACCURACY AND/OR UNINTERRUPTED CALCULATION 
OF THE NASDAQ COMPOSITE INDEX OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN.  THE CORPORATIONS MAKE 
NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE RESULTS TO BE OBTAINED BY ANY PERSON OR 
ENTITY FROM THE USE OF THE NASDAQ COMPOSITE INDEX, ANY OPENING, INTRA-DAY, OR CLOSING 
VALUE THEREOF, OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN, OR RELATING THERETO, IN CONNECTION WITH 
THE TRADING OF E-MINI NASDAQ COMPOSITE FUTURES OR OPTIONS ON E-MINI NASDAQ 
COMPOSITE FUTURES OR FOR ANY OTHER PURPOSE.  THE CORPORATIONS MAKE NO EXPRESS OR 
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR 
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE WITH RESPECT TO THE NASDAQ COMPOSITE INDEX, 
ANY OPENING, INTRA-DAY, OR CLOSING VALUE THEREOF, OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN OR 
RELATED THERETO, OR ANY E-MINI NASDAQ COMPOSITE FUTURES CONTRACT OR OPTION ON A E-
MINI NASDAQ COMPOSITE FUTURES CONTRACT.  WITHOUT LIMITING ANY OF THE FOREGOING, IN NO 
EVENT SHALL THE CORPORATIONS HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INDIRECT, OR 
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS), EVEN IF NOTIFIED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF 
SUCH DAMAGES. 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 5 
Chapter 380 
E-mini PHLX Semiconductor Sector IndexSM Futures 
 
38000. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to E-mini PHLX Semiconductor Sector IndexSM futures 
(“futures”). In addition to this chapter, E-mini PHLX Semiconductor Sector Index futures shall be 
subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange as applicable. 
Unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate Chicago time. 
38000.A. 
Market Decline 
For the purposes of this chapter a Market Decline shall be as defined in New York Stock Exchange 
Rule 7.12 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or in Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for 
Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
38000.B. 
Primary Listing Exchange 
For the purposes of this chapter a Primary Listing Exchange shall be as defined in the “Plan to 
Address Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission 
Pursuant to Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 
May 2012 by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), as amended from time to time 
(SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System Plans, File 4-631). 
38000.C. 
Regulatory Halt 
For the purposes of this chapter a Regulatory Halt shall be as defined in the “Plan to Address 
Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission Pursuant to 
Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 May 2012 by 
the SEC, as amended from time to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System Plans, File 
4-631) and as implemented under New York Stock Exchange Rule 7.12 for Trading Halts Due to 
Extraordinary Volatility or under Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for Trading Halts Due to 
Extraordinary Volatility. 
38001. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each futures contract shall be valued at $25.00 times the PHLX Semiconductor Sector Index 
(“Index”). The Index is a modified market capitalization-weighted index of prices of approximately 30 
companies primarily involved in the design, distribution, manufacture, and sale of semiconductors.   
38002.  
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS  
38002.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
38002.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading for the respective E-mini PHLX Semiconductor Index futures contract shall be as 
designated in Rule 38001.  
38002.C. 
Price Increments 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in Index points. The minimum price increment shall be 0.50 Index 
points, equal to $12.50 per contract, for trades executed on CME Globex electronic trading platform, 
except for intermonth spreads executed pursuant to Rule 542.A., for which the minimum price 
increment shall be 0.10 Index points, equal to $2.50 per intermonth spread. For transactions 
submitted for clearing via CME ClearPort, the minimum price increment shall be 0.01 Index points, 
equal to $0.25 per contract.  
38002.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set 
forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 5 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
38002.E. 
[Reserved] 
38002.F. 
[Reserved]  
38002.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Trading in expiring futures shall terminate at the regularly scheduled start of trading on the New 
York Stock Exchange on the Business Day scheduled for determination of the Final Settlement 
Price (Rule 38003.A.) for such futures. 
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of Final Settlement Price determination 
(Rule 38003.A), trading in the expiring futures shall terminate at the close of trading on the New York 
Stock Exchange on the immediately preceding Business Day.  
38002.H. 
[Reserved] 
38002.I. 
Price Limits and Trading Halts  
Futures trading shall be subject to Price Limits as set forth in this Rule. For the purpose of this Rule 
the Exchange shall determine, in its sole discretion, the futures delivery month that represents the 
Primary Futures Contract Month and when such Primary Futures Contract Month is limit bid or limit 
offered. 
1. Daily Determination of Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, Price Limits applicable to a futures contract for a given delivery month 
shall be calculated on the basis of the corresponding Reference Price (Rule 38002.I.1.a.) and the 
corresponding Offsets (Rule 38002.I.1.b.), as follows: 
7% Price Limits = Reference Price minus 7% Offset, and Reference Price plus 7% Offset 
13% Price Limit = Reference Price minus 13% Offset 
20% Price Limit = Reference Price minus 20% Offset 
1.a. Reference Prices for Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, for futures for a given delivery month, the Exchange shall set a contract 
Reference Price on the first preceding Business Day, as follows: 
Tier 1 
Such Reference Price shall be based on the volume-weighted average price of transactions in such 
futures on the CME Globex electronic trading platform during the interval (i) between 2:59:30 p.m. 
and 3:00:00 p.m., or (ii) in the case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange, 
between 11:59:30 a.m. and noon, or (iii) in the event of an unscheduled early close of the Primary 
Listing Exchange, the final thirty (30) seconds of the Primary Listing Exchange trading day 
(“Reference Interval”). 
Tier 2 
If no such transaction occurs during the Reference Interval, then such Reference Price shall be based 
on the average of midpoints of bid/ask spreads for such futures quoted on CME Globex during the 
Reference Interval, provided that the Reference Price calculation shall exclude the midpoint value 
for any such bid/ask spread that is wider than 1.00 Index points (equal to two (2) minimum price 
increments). 
Tier 3 
If such Reference Price cannot be determined pursuant to Tier 1 or Tier 2, then the Exchange, in its 
sole discretion, shall set such Reference Price by alternative means which may include, but are not 
limited to, derivation by reference to the basis relationship between such futures contract’s price and 
the Index, or application of Tier 1 and Tier 2 calculations to successive time intervals of increasing 
length, in integer multiples of thirty (30) seconds, until suitable price data are obtained. 
The resultant Reference Price value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of 1.00 
Index points. Such Reference Price, so rounded, shall be used for determination of the corresponding 
Price Limits. 
For newly listed futures for a given delivery month, the Exchange shall set, in its sole discretion, a 
Reference Price value for the purpose of determining Price Limits for the first day of trading in such 
futures. 
1.b. Offsets for Price Limits 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 5 
For a given Business Day, the Exchange shall determine Offsets on the basis of the Index value (“I”) 
at the close of trading on the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 38000.B.) on the first preceding 
Business Day, as follows: 
7% Offset = 
7% of I  (0.07 x I)  
13% Offset = 
13% of I  
(0.13 x I)  
20% Offset = 
20% of I  
(0.20 x I)  
Each resultant Offset value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of 1.00 Index points. 
Each such Offset, so rounded, shall be used in determination of the corresponding Price Limits. 
2. Application of Price Limits from Start of Trading Day to 8:30 a.m. 
From the start of any Trading Day until 8:30 a.m., there shall be no trading in futures for a given 
delivery month at any price that is either strictly lower than or strictly higher than the range defined 
by the 7% Price Limits (Rule 38002.I.1.) applicable to such futures on such Trading Day.  
Without limitation to the foregoing, the start of any Trading Day generally shall coincide with the start 
of the CME Globex trading session at 5:00 p.m. on the evening first preceding such Trading Day. 
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as set 
forth in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
3. Application of Price Limits and Trading Halts from 8:30 a.m. to 2:25 p.m.  
Except as provided in Rules 38002.I.3.a. and 38002.I.3.b., from 8:30 a.m. until and including 2:25 
p.m., or from 8:30 a.m. until and including 11:25 a.m. in the case of an early scheduled close of the 
Primary Listing Exchange, futures for a given delivery month shall trade subject to the corresponding 
Price Limits (Rule 38002.I.1.), as follows:  
There shall be no futures trading at any price strictly lower than the corresponding 7% Price Limit, 
unless the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 7% Price Limit.  
At such time as the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, the 
Exchange shall initiate a 2-minute observation interval. At the conclusion of such observation interval:  
If the Primary Futures Contract Month is not limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, futures trading shall 
continue subject to the corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
If the Primary Futures Contract Month remains limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, futures trading shall 
halt for two (2) minutes, and shall then resume subject to the corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, the 
Exchange shall initiate a 2-minute observation interval. At the conclusion of such observation interval:  
If the Primary Futures Contract Month is not limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, futures trading shall 
continue subject to the corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
If the Primary Futures Contract Month remains limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, futures trading 
shall halt for two (2) minutes, and shall then resume subject to the corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
There shall be no futures trading at any price strictly lower than the corresponding 20% Price Limit.  
3.a. Regulatory Halts 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt (Rule 38000.C.) in 
response to a Level 1 (7%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt. When 
trading resumes on the Primary Listing Exchange, futures trading shall resume subject to the 
corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 
2 (13%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt. When trading resumes on 
the Primary Listing Exchange, futures trading shall resume subject to the corresponding 20% Price 
Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 
3 (20%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt for the remainder of the 
trading session. 
3.b. Unscheduled Non-Regulatory Halts 
If an unscheduled trading halt that is not also a Regulatory Halt occurs on one or more Primary Listing 
Exchanges between 8:30 a.m. and 2.25 p.m., or between 8:30 a.m. and 11:25 a.m. in the case of an 
early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange(s), then futures trading shall be subject to 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 4 of 5 
such trading halts or such price limits as the Exchange, in its sole discretion, may determine to be 
appropriate.  
4. Application of Price Limits from 2:25 p.m. to 3:00 p.m. 
From 2:25 p.m. to 3:00 p.m., or from 11:25 a.m. to noon in the case of an early scheduled close on 
the Primary Listing Exchange, trading in futures for a given delivery month shall be subject only to 
the corresponding 20% Price Limit (Rule 38002.I.1.).  
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 
3 (20%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt for the remainder of the 
trading session. 
5. Application of Price Limits from 3:00 p.m. to Close of Trading Day 
From the close of trading on the Primary Listing Exchange at 3:00 p.m., or at noon in the case of an 
early scheduled close on the Primary Listing Exchange, until the close of the current Trading Day, 
trading in futures for a given delivery month shall be subject to an upper Price Limit equal to the 
corresponding Reference Price determined on the current Business Day (Rule 38002.I.1.a.) plus the 
7% Offset determined on the current Business Day (Rule 38002.I.1.b.). 
Trading in such futures also shall be subject to a lower Price Limit set as the corresponding Reference 
Price determined on the current Business Day minus the 7% Offset determined on the current 
Business Day, provided that such lower Price Limit shall be no lower than the 20% Price Limit (Rule 
38002.I.1.) applicable to the current Trading Day. 
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as set 
forth in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.  
Without limitation to the foregoing, the close of the current Trading Day generally shall coincide with 
the close of the CME Globex trading session on such Trading Day. 
38003. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement.  
38003.A. 
Final Settlement Price  
For a futures contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be a special opening 
quotation of the Index. Such special opening quotation shall be determined on the third Friday of 
such delivery month and shall be based on opening prices of the component stocks of the Index. 
If the Index is not scheduled to be published on the third Friday of the contract delivery month, then 
such Final Settlement Price shall be scheduled for determination on the first preceding Business Day 
on which the Index is scheduled to be published. 
If the Primary Listing Exchange does not open on the day scheduled for determination of such Final 
Settlement Price, then the Final Settlement Price shall be a special opening quotation of the Index 
on the next following day on which the Primary Listing Exchange is open for trading. 
If a component stock of the Index does not trade on the day scheduled for determination of such 
Final Settlement Price, and the Primary Listing Exchange is open for trading, then for the purpose of 
calculating such Final Settlement Price the price of such stock shall be its closing price on the first 
preceding Primary Listing Exchange trading day, provided that the Exchange, in its sole discretion, 
may instruct that the price of such stock shall be the Primary Listing Exchange’s Official Opening 
Price of such stock on the next following Primary Listing Exchange trading day. 
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of final settlement price determination, the 
Final Settlement Price shall be the Official Index Closing Value published by the index publisher on 
the Business Day immediately preceding the original day of Final Settlement Price determination. 
38003.B. 
Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in an expiring futures contract at its termination of trading 
(Rule 38002.G.) shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in accordance 
with normal variation margin procedures based on such expiring contract’s Final Settlement Price 
(Rule 38003.A.). 
38004. 
[RESERVED] 
38005. 
[RESERVED] 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 5 of 5 
38006. 
BASIS TRADE AT INDEX CLOSE (“BTIC”) TRANSACTIONS  
All BTIC transactions must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 524.B.  
 
38006.A. 
BTIC Block Trade Requirements 
BTIC block trades must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 526.  
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed on a given Trading Day on or before the scheduled close 
of the Primary Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the 
Index closing value for the current Trading Day.  
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed on a given Trading Day after the scheduled close of the 
Primary Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the Index 
closing value for the next Trading Day. 
38006.B.  BTIC Price Assignment Procedures 
The price assignment procedures for BTIC transactions shall follow Rule 524.B.3. 
38006.C. 
BTIC Minimum Price Increments 
The valid basis or price increment applied to the Index closing value to establish the BTIC futures 
price must be an integer multiple of the contract minimum price increment of 0.50 Index points. 
38006.D. 
Market Disruption Events  
In the event of a market disruption in the Primary Listing Exchange, all pending and executed BTIC 
transactions in the corresponding futures contract shall be cancelled by the Exchange. Such 
disruption shall be declared by the Exchange in its sole discretion, and may include, without limitation, 
an unscheduled early close of the Primary Listing Exchange or a NYSE Rule 7.12 trading halt 
declared in response to a Level 3 (20%) decline in the S&P 500 Index that necessitates an early 
close of the Primary Listing Exchange.  
 
(End Chapter 380) 
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES RELATING TO CHAPTER 380 
 
E-mini PHLX Semiconductor Sector futures (Products) are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the 
Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc. (including its affiliates) (Nasdaq, with its affiliates, are referred to as the Corporations). 
The Corporations have not passed on the legality or suitability of, or the accuracy or adequacy of descriptions and 
disclosures relating to, the Products. The Corporations make no representation or warranty, express or implied, to 
the holder of any position in the Products or any member of the public regarding the advisability of investing in 
financial instruments generally or in the Products particularly, or the ability of the PHLX Semiconductor Sector 
Index (“SOX Index”) to track general stock market performance. The Corporations' only relationship to Chicago 
Mercantile Exchange Inc. (Licensee) is in the licensing of certain trademarks, service marks, and trade names of 
the Corporations and the use of the SOX Index, which is determined, composed and calculated by Nasdaq without 
regard to Licensee or the Products. Nasdaq has no obligation to take the needs of the Licensee or the holder of 
any position in the Products into consideration in determining, composing or calculating the SOX Index. The 
Corporations are not responsible for and have not participated in the determination or calculation of the equation 
by which the Products are to be converted into cash, in the case of E-mini PHLX Semiconductor Sector Futures. 
The Corporations have no liability in connection with the administration, marketing or trading of the Products.  
 
THE CORPORATIONS DO NOT GUARANTEE THE ACCURACY AND/OR UNINTERRUPTED CALCULATION 
OF THE SOX INDEX OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN. THE CORPORATIONS MAKE NO WARRANTY, 
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE RESULTS TO BE OBTAINED BY ANY PERSON OR ENTITY FROM THE 
USE OF THE SOX INDEX, ANY OPENING, INTRA-DAY, OR CLOSING VALUE THEREOF, OR ANY DATA 
INCLUDED THEREIN, OR RELATING THERETO, IN CONNECTION WITH THE TRADING OF E–MINI PHLX 
SEMICONDUCTOR SECTOR FUTURES OR FOR ANY OTHER PURPOSE. THE CORPORATIONS MAKE NO 
EXPRESS 
OR 
IMPLIED 
WARRANTIES, 
AND 
EXPRESSLY 
DISCLAIM 
ALL 
WARRANTIES 
OF 
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE WITH RESPECT TO THE SOX 
INDEX, ANY OPENING, INTRA-DAY, OR CLOSING VALUE THEREOF, OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN 
OR RELATED THERETO, OR ANY E– MINI PHLX SEMICONDUCTOR SECTOR FUTURES CONTRACT. 
WITHOUT LIMITING ANY OF THE FOREGOING, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE CORPORATIONS HAVE ANY 
LIABILITY FOR ANY SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOST 
PROFITS), EVEN IF NOTIFIED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 5 
Chapter 381 
Micro E-mini S&P MidCap 400® Index Futures 
 
38100. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Micro E-mini S&P MidCap 400 Index futures (“futures”). In 
addition to this chapter, futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange 
as applicable. 
Unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate Chicago time. 
38100.A. 
Market Decline 
For the purposes of this chapter a Market Decline shall be as defined in New York Stock Exchange 
Rule 7.12 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or in Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for 
Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
38100.B. 
Primary Listing Exchange 
For the purposes of this chapter a Primary Listing Exchange shall be as defined in the “Plan to 
Address Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission 
Pursuant to Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 
May 2012 by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), as amended from time to time 
(SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System Plans, File 4-631). 
38100.C. 
Regulatory Halt 
For the purposes of this chapter a Regulatory Halt shall be as defined in the “Plan to Address 
Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission Pursuant to 
Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 May 2012 by 
the SEC, as amended from time to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System Plans, File 
4-631) and as implemented under New York Stock Exchange Rule 7.12 for Trading Halts Due to 
Extraordinary Volatility or under Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for Trading Halts Due to 
Extraordinary Volatility. 
38101. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each futures contract shall be valued at $10.00 times the S&P MidCap 400 Index (“Index”). 
38102. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
38102.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
38102.B. 
Trading Unit 
 
The unit of trading shall be $10.00 times the S&P MidCap 400 Index. 
38102.C. 
Price Increments 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in terms of the S&P MidCap 400 Index points. The minimum price 
increment shall be 0.10 Index points, equal to $1.00 per contract, except for intermonth spreads 
executed pursuant to Rule 542.A., for which the minimum price increment shall be 0.05 Index points, 
equal to $.50 per intermonth spread. 
38102.D. 
Position Limits 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set 
forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
38102.E. 
Reserved  
38102.F. 
Reserved 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 5 
38102.G. 
Termination of Trading  
Trading in expiring futures shall terminate at the regularly scheduled start of trading on the New York 
Stock Exchange on the Business Day scheduled for determination of the Final Settlement Price (Rule 
38103.A.) for such futures. 
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of Final Settlement Price determination 
(Rule 38103.A), trading in the expiring futures shall terminate at the close of trading on the New York 
Stock Exchange on the immediately preceding Business Day.  
38102.H. 
Reserved 
38102.I. 
Price Limits and Trading Halts 
Futures trading shall be subject to Price Limits as set forth in this Rule. For the purpose of this Rule 
the Exchange shall determine, in its sole discretion, the futures delivery month that represents the 
Primary Futures Contract Month and when such Primary Futures Contract Month is limit bid or limit 
offered. 
1. Daily Determination of Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, Price Limits applicable to a futures contract for a given delivery month 
shall be calculated on the basis of the corresponding Reference Price (Rule 38102.I.1.a.) and the 
corresponding Offsets (Rule 38102.I.1.b.), as follows: 
7% Price Limits = Reference Price minus 7% Offset, and Reference Price plus 7% Offset 
13% Price Limit = Reference Price minus 13% Offset 
20% Price Limit = Reference Price minus 20% Offset 
1.a. Reference Prices for Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, for futures for a given delivery month, the Exchange shall set a contract 
Reference Price on the first preceding Business Day, as follows: 
Tier 1 
Such Reference Price shall be based on the volume-weighted average price of transactions in such 
futures on the CME Globex electronic trading platform during the interval (i) between 2:59:30 p.m. 
and 3:00:00 p.m., or (ii) in the case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange, 
between 11:59:30 a.m. and noon, or (iii) in the event of an unscheduled early close of the Primary 
Listing Exchange, the final thirty (30) seconds of the Primary Listing Exchange trading day 
(“Reference Interval”). 
Tier 2 
If no such transaction occurs during the Reference Interval, then such Reference Price shall be based 
on the average of midpoints of bid/ask spreads for such futures quoted on CME Globex during the 
Reference Interval, provided that the Reference Price calculation shall exclude the midpoint value 
for any such bid/ask spread that is wider than 0.20 Index points (equal to two (2) minimum price 
increments). 
Tier 3 
If such Reference Price cannot be determined pursuant to Tier 1 or Tier 2, then the Exchange, in its 
sole discretion, shall set such Reference Price by alternative means which may include, but are not 
limited to, derivation by reference to the basis relationship between such futures contract’s price and 
the Index, or application of Tier 1 and Tier 2 calculations to successive time intervals of increasing 
length, in integer multiples of thirty (30) seconds, until suitable price data are obtained. 
The resultant Reference Price value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of 0.1 
Index point. Such Reference Price, so rounded, shall be used for determination of the corresponding 
Price Limits. 
For newly listed futures for a given delivery month, the Exchange shall set, in its sole discretion, a 
Reference Price value for the purpose of determining Price Limits for the first day of trading in such 
futures. 
1.b. Offsets for Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, the Exchange shall determine Offsets on the basis of the Index value (“I”) 
at the close of trading on the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 38100.B.) on the first preceding 
Business Day, as follows: 
7% Offset = 
7% of I  (0.07 x I)  


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 5 
13% Offset = 
13% of I  
(0.13 x I)  
20% Offset = 
20% of I  
(0.20 x I)  
Each resultant Offset value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of 0.1 Index point. 
Each such Offset, so rounded, shall be used in determination of the corresponding Price Limits. 
2. Application of Price Limits from Start of Trading Day to 8:30 a.m. 
From the start of any Trading Day until 8:30 a.m., there shall be no trading in futures for a given 
delivery month at any price that is either strictly lower than or strictly higher than the range defined 
by the 7% Price Limits (Rule 38102.I.1.) applicable to such futures on such Trading Day.  
Without limitation to the foregoing, the start of any Trading Day generally shall coincide with the start 
of the CME Globex trading session at 5:00 p.m. on the evening first preceding such Trading Day. 
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as set 
forth in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.  
3. Application of Price Limits and Trading Halts from 8:30 a.m. to 2:25 p.m.  
Except as provided in Rules 38102.I.3.a. and 38102.I.3.b., from 8:30 a.m. until and including 2:25 
p.m., or from 8:30 a.m. until and including 11:25 a.m. in the case of an early scheduled close of the 
Primary Listing Exchange, futures for a given delivery month shall trade subject to the corresponding 
Price Limits (Rule 38102.I.1.), as follows:  
There shall be no futures trading at any price strictly lower than the corresponding 7% Price Limit, 
unless the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 7% Price Limit.  
At such time as the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, the 
Exchange shall initiate a 2-minute observation interval. At the conclusion of such observation interval:  
If the Primary Futures Contract Month is not limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, futures trading shall 
continue subject to the corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
If the Primary Futures Contract Month remains limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, futures trading shall 
halt for two (2) minutes, and shall then resume subject to the corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, the 
Exchange shall initiate a 2-minute observation interval. At the conclusion of such observation interval:  
If the Primary Futures Contract Month is not limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, futures trading shall 
continue subject to the corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
If the Primary Futures Contract Month remains limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, futures trading 
shall halt for two (2) minutes, and shall then resume subject to the corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
There shall be no futures trading at any price strictly lower than the corresponding 20% Price Limit.  
3.a. Regulatory Halts 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt (Rule 38100.C.) in 
response to a Level 1 (7%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt. When 
trading resumes on the Primary Listing Exchange, futures trading shall resume subject to the 
corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 
2 (13%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt. When trading resumes on 
the Primary Listing Exchange, futures trading shall resume subject to the corresponding 20% Price 
Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 
3 (20%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt for the remainder of the 
trading session. 
3.b. Unscheduled Non-Regulatory Halts 
If an unscheduled trading halt that is not also a Regulatory Halt occurs on one or more Primary Listing 
Exchanges between 8:30 a.m. and 2.25 p.m., or between 8:30 a.m. and 11:25 a.m. in the case of an 
early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange(s), then futures trading shall be subject to 
such trading halts or such price limits as the Exchange, in its sole discretion, may determine to be 
appropriate.  
4. Application of Price Limits from 2:25 p.m. to 3:00 p.m. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 4 of 5 
From 2:25 p.m. to 3:00 p.m., or from 11:25 a.m. to noon in the case of an early scheduled close on 
the Primary Listing Exchange, trading in futures for a given delivery month shall be subject only to 
the corresponding 20% Price Limit (Rule 38102.I.1.).  
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 
3 (20%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt for the remainder of the 
trading session. 
5. Application of Price Limits from 3:00 p.m. to Close of Trading Day 
From the close of trading on the Primary Listing Exchange at 3:00 p.m., or at noon in the case of an 
early scheduled close on the Primary Listing Exchange, until the close of the current Trading Day, 
trading in futures for a given delivery month shall be subject to an upper Price Limit equal to the 
corresponding Reference Price determined on the current Business Day (Rule 38102.I.1.a.) plus the 
7% Offset determined on the current Business Day (Rule 38102.I.1.b.). 
Trading in such futures also shall be subject to a lower Price Limit set as the corresponding Reference 
Price determined on the current Business Day minus the 7% Offset determined on the current 
Business Day, provided that such lower Price Limit shall be no lower than the 20% Price Limit (Rule 
38102.I.1.) applicable to the current Trading Day. 
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as set 
forth in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.  
Without limitation to the foregoing, the close of the current Trading Day generally shall coincide with 
the close of the CME Globex trading session on such Trading Day. 
38103. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement. 
38103.A. 
Final Settlement Price 
For a futures contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be a special opening 
quotation of the Index. Such special opening quotation shall be determined on the third Friday of 
such delivery month and shall be based on opening prices of the component stocks of the Index. 
If the Index is not scheduled to be published on the third Friday of the contract delivery month, then 
such Final Settlement Price shall be scheduled for determination on the first preceding Business Day 
on which the Index is scheduled to be published. 
If the Primary Listing Exchange does not open on the day scheduled for determination of such Final 
Settlement Price, then the Final Settlement Price shall be a special opening quotation of the Index 
on the next following day on which the Primary Listing Exchange is open for trading. 
If a component stock of the Index does not trade on the day scheduled for determination of such 
Final Settlement Price, and the Primary Listing Exchange is open for trading, then for the purpose of 
calculating such Final Settlement Price the price of such stock shall be its closing price on the first 
preceding Primary Listing Exchange trading day, provided that the Exchange, in its sole discretion, 
may instruct that the price of such stock shall be the Primary Listing Exchange’s Official Opening 
Price of such stock on the next following Primary Listing Exchange trading day. 
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of final settlement price determination, the 
Final Settlement Price shall be the Official Index Closing Value published by the index publisher on 
the Business Day immediately preceding the original day of Final Settlement Price determination. 
38203.B. 
Final Settlement  
Clearing members holding open positions in an expiring futures contract at its termination of trading 
(Rule 38102.G.) shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in accordance 
with normal variation margin procedures based on such expiring contract’s Final Settlement Price 
(Rule 38103.A.). 
38104. 
[RESERVED] 
38105.  
[RESERVED] 
38106.  
[RESERVED] 
 
(End Chapter 381) 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 5 of 5 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES 
RELATING TO CHAPTER 381 
Standard & Poor's, a division of the McGraw–Hill Companies, Inc. ("S&P"), licenses the Exchange to use various 
S&P stock indices ("S&P Stock Indices") in connection with the trading of futures contracts and options on futures 
contracts based upon such indices. S&P shall have no liability for damages, claims, losses or expenses caused 
by any errors or delays in calculating or disseminating the S&P Stock Indices. 
Standard & Poor's, a division of the McGraw–Hill Companies, Inc. ("S&P"), does not guarantee the accuracy and/or 
completeness of the S&P Stock Indices or any data included therein. S&P makes no warranty, express or implied, 
as to the results to be obtained by any person or any entity from the use of the S&P Stock Indices or any data 
included therein in connection with the trading of futures contracts, options on futures contracts and any other use. 
S&P makes no express or implied warranties, and expressly disclaims all warranties of merchantability or fitness 
for a particular purpose or use with respect to the S&P Stock Indices or any data included therein. Without limiting 
any of the foregoing, in no event shall S&P have any liability for any special, punitive, indirect or consequential 
damages (including lost profits), even if notified of the possibility of such damages. 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 5 
Chapter 382 
Micro E-mini S&P SmallCap 600® Index Futures 
 
38200. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Micro E-mini S&P SmallCap Index futures (“futures”). In 
addition to this chapter, futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange 
as applicable. 
Unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate Chicago time. 
38200.A. 
Market Decline 
For the purposes of this chapter a Market Decline shall be as defined in New York Stock Exchange 
Rule 7.12 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or in Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for 
Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
38200.B. 
Primary Listing Exchange 
For the purposes of this chapter a Primary Listing Exchange shall be as defined in the “Plan to 
Address Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission 
Pursuant to Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 
May 2012 by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), as amended from time to time 
(SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System Plans, File 4-631). 
38200.C. 
Regulatory Halt 
For the purposes of this chapter a Regulatory Halt shall be as defined in the “Plan to Address 
Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission Pursuant to 
Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 May 2012 by 
the SEC, as amended from time to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System Plans, File 
4-631) and as implemented under New York Stock Exchange Rule 7.12 for Trading Halts Due to 
Extraordinary Volatility or under Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for Trading Halts Due to 
Extraordinary Volatility. 
38201. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each futures contract shall be valued at $10.00 times the S&P SmallCap 600 Index (“Index”). 
38202.  
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS  
38202.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
38202.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $10 times the S&P SmallCap 600 Index. 
38202.C. 
Price Increments 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in terms of the S&P SmallCap Index points. The minimum price 
increment shall be 0.10 Index points, equal to $1.00 per contract, except for intermonth spreads 
executed pursuant to Rule 542.A., for which the minimum price increment shall be 0.05 Index points, 
equal to $.50 per intermonth spread. 
38202.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set 
forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
38202.E. 
[Reserved] 
38202.F. 
[Reserved] 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 5 
38202.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Trading in expiring futures shall terminate at the regularly scheduled start of trading on the New York 
Stock Exchange on the Business Day scheduled for determination of the Final Settlement Price (Rule 
38203.A.) for such futures. 
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of Final Settlement Price determination 
(Rule 38203.A), trading in the expiring futures shall terminate at the close of trading on the New York 
Stock Exchange on the immediately preceding Business Day.  
38202.H. 
[Reserved]  
38202.I. 
Price Limits and Trading Halts 
Futures trading shall be subject to Price Limits as set forth in this Rule. For the purpose of this Rule 
the Exchange shall determine, in its sole discretion, the futures delivery month that represents the 
Primary Futures Contract Month and when such Primary Futures Contract Month is limit bid or limit 
offered. 
1. Daily Determination of Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, Price Limits applicable to a futures contract for a given delivery month 
shall be calculated on the basis of the corresponding Reference Price (Rule 38202.I.1.a.) and the 
corresponding Offsets (Rule 38202.I.1.b.), as follows: 
7% Price Limits = Reference Price minus 7% Offset, and Reference Price plus 7% Offset 
13% Price Limit = Reference Price minus 13% Offset 
20% Price Limit = Reference Price minus 20% Offset 
1.a. Reference Prices for Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, for futures for a given delivery month, the Exchange shall set a contract 
Reference Price on the first preceding Business Day, as follows: 
Tier 1 
Such Reference Price shall be based on the volume-weighted average price of transactions in such 
futures on the CME Globex electronic trading platform during the interval (i) between 2:59:30 p.m. 
and 3:00:00 p.m., or (ii) in the case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange, 
between 11:59:30 a.m. and noon, or (iii) in the event of an unscheduled early close of the Primary 
Listing Exchange, the final thirty (30) seconds of the Primary Listing Exchange trading day 
(“Reference Interval”). 
Tier 2 
If no such transaction occurs during the Reference Interval, then such Reference Price shall be based 
on the average of midpoints of bid/ask spreads for such futures quoted on CME Globex during the 
Reference Interval, provided that the Reference Price calculation shall exclude the midpoint value 
for any such bid/ask spread that is wider than 0.20 Index points (equal to two (2) minimum price 
increments). 
Tier 3 
If such Reference Price cannot be determined pursuant to Tier 1 or Tier 2, then the Exchange, in its 
sole discretion, shall set such Reference Price by alternative means which may include, but are not 
limited to, derivation by reference to the basis relationship between such futures contract’s price and 
the Index, or application of Tier 1 and Tier 2 calculations to successive time intervals of increasing 
length, in integer multiples of thirty (30) seconds, until suitable price data are obtained. 
The resultant Reference Price value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of 0.1 
Index point. Such Reference Price, so rounded, shall be used for determination of the corresponding 
Price Limits. 
In the event of an unscheduled early close of the Primary Listing Exchange, such Reference Price 
shall be set by application of these procedures to a Tier 1 reference interval defined as the final thirty 
(30) seconds of the Primary Listing Exchange trading day.  
For newly listed futures for a given delivery month, the Exchange shall set, in its sole discretion, a 
Reference Price value for the purpose of determining Price Limits for the first day of trading in such 
futures. 
1.b. Offsets for Price Limits 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 5 
For a given Business Day, the Exchange shall determine Offsets on the basis of the Index value (“I”) 
at the close of trading on the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 38200.B.) on the first preceding 
Business Day, as follows: 
7% Offset = 
7% of I  (0.07 x I)  
13% Offset = 
13% of I  
(0.13 x I)  
20% Offset = 
20% of I  
(0.20 x I)  
Each resultant Offset value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of 0.1 Index point. 
Each such Offset, so rounded, shall be used in determination of the corresponding Price Limits. 
2. Application of Price Limits from Start of Trading Day to 8:30 a.m. 
From the start of any Trading Day until 8:30 a.m., there shall be no trading in futures for a given 
delivery month at any price that is either strictly lower than or strictly higher than the range defined 
by the 7% Price Limits (Rule 38202.I.1.) applicable to such futures on such Trading Day.  
Without limitation to the foregoing, the start of any Trading Day generally shall coincide with the start 
of the CME Globex trading session at 5:00 p.m. on the evening first preceding such Trading Day. 
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as set 
forth in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
3. Application of Price Limits and Trading Halts from 8:30 a.m. to 2:25 p.m.  
Except as provided in Rules 38202.I.3.a. and 38202.I.3.b., from 8:30 a.m. until and including 2:25 
p.m., or from 8:30 a.m. until and including 11:25 a.m. in the case of an early scheduled close of the 
Primary Listing Exchange, futures for a given delivery month shall trade subject to the corresponding 
Price Limits (Rule 38202.I.1.), as follows:  
There shall be no futures trading at any price strictly lower than the corresponding 7% Price Limit, 
unless the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 7% Price Limit.  
At such time as the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, the 
Exchange shall initiate a 2-minute observation interval. At the conclusion of such observation interval:  
If the Primary Futures Contract Month is not limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, futures trading shall 
continue subject to the corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
If the Primary Futures Contract Month remains limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, futures trading shall 
halt for two (2) minutes, and shall then resume subject to the corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, the 
Exchange shall initiate a 2-minute observation interval. At the conclusion of such observation interval:  
If the Primary Futures Contract Month is not limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, futures trading shall 
continue subject to the corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
If the Primary Futures Contract Month remains limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, futures trading 
shall halt for two (2) minutes, and shall then resume subject to the corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
There shall be no futures trading at any price strictly lower than the corresponding 20% Price Limit.  
3.a. Regulatory Halts 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt (Rule 38200.C.) in 
response to a Level 1 (7%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt. When 
trading resumes on the Primary Listing Exchange, futures trading shall resume subject to the 
corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 
2 (13%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt. When trading resumes on 
the Primary Listing Exchange, futures trading shall resume subject to the corresponding 20% Price 
Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 
3 (20%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt for the remainder of the 
trading session. 
3.b. Unscheduled Non-Regulatory Halts 
If an unscheduled trading halt that is not also a Regulatory Halt occurs on one or more Primary Listing 
Exchanges between 8:30 a.m. and 2.25 p.m., or between 8:30 a.m. and 11:25 a.m. in the case of an 
early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange(s), then futures trading shall be subject to 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 4 of 5 
such trading halts or such price limits as the Exchange, in its sole discretion, may determine to be 
appropriate.  
4. Application of Price Limits from 2:25 p.m. to 3:00 p.m. 
From 2:25 p.m. to 3:00 p.m., or from 11:25 a.m. to noon in the case of an early scheduled close on 
the Primary Listing Exchange, trading in futures for a given delivery month shall be subject only to 
the corresponding 20% Price Limit (Rule 38202.I.1.).  
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 
3 (20%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt for the remainder of the 
trading session. 
5. Application of Price Limits from 3:00 p.m. to Close of Trading Day 
From the close of trading on the Primary Listing Exchange at 3:00 p.m., or at noon in the case of an 
early scheduled close on the Primary Listing Exchange, until the close of the current Trading Day, 
trading in futures for a given delivery month shall be subject to an upper Price Limit equal to the 
corresponding Reference Price determined on the current Business Day (Rule 38202.I.1.a.) plus the 
7% Offset determined on the current Business Day (Rule 38202.I.1.b.). 
Trading in such futures also shall be subject to a lower Price Limit set as the corresponding Reference 
Price determined on the current Business Day minus the 7% Offset determined on the current 
Business Day, provided that such lower Price Limit shall be no lower than the 20% Price Limit (Rule 
38202.I.1.) applicable to the current Trading Day.  
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as set 
forth in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
Without limitation to the foregoing, the close of the current Trading Day generally shall coincide with 
the close of the CME Globex trading session on such Trading Day. 
38203. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement 
38203.A. 
Final Settlement Price  
For a futures contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be a special opening 
quotation of the Index. Such special opening quotation shall be determined on the third Friday of 
such delivery month and shall be based on opening prices of the component stocks of the Index. 
If the Index is not scheduled to be published on the third Friday of the contract delivery month, then 
such Final Settlement Price shall be scheduled for determination on the first preceding Business Day 
on which the Index is scheduled to be published. 
If the Primary Listing Exchange does not open on the day scheduled for determination of such Final 
Settlement Price, then the Final Settlement Price shall be a special opening quotation of the Index 
on the next following day on which the Primary Listing Exchange is open for trading. 
If a component stock of the Index does not trade on the day scheduled for determination of such 
Final Settlement Price, and the Primary Listing Exchange is open for trading, then for the purpose of 
calculating such Final Settlement Price the price of such stock shall be its closing price on the first 
preceding Primary Listing Exchange trading day, provided that the Exchange, in its sole discretion, 
may instruct that the price of such stock shall be the Primary Listing Exchange’s Official Opening 
Price of such stock on the next following Primary Listing Exchange trading day. 
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of final settlement price determination, the 
Final Settlement Price shall be the Official Index Closing Value published by the index publisher on 
the Business Day immediately preceding the original day of Final Settlement Price determination. 
38203.B. 
Final Settlement  
Clearing members holding open positions in an expiring futures contract at its termination of trading 
(Rule 38202.G.) shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in accordance 
with normal variation margin procedures based on such expiring contract’s Final Settlement Price 
(Rule 38203.A.). 
38204. 
[RESERVED] 
38205. 
[RESERVED] 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 5 of 5 
38206.  
[RESERVED] 
 
 
(End Chapter 382) 
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES  
RELATING TO CHAPTER 382 
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC directly or through one or more affiliates (collectively, "S&P") licenses the 
Exchange to use various S&P stock indices ("S&P Stock Indices") in connection with the trading of futures 
contracts and options on 
futures contracts based upon such indices. S&P shall have no liability for any damages, 
claims, losses or expenses caused by any errors or delays in calculating or disseminating the S&P Stock 
Indices. 
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and its affiliates (collectively, "S&P") do not guarantee the accuracy and/or 
completeness of the S&P Stock Indices or any data included therein. S&P makes no warranty, express or implied, 
as to the results to be obtained by any person or any entity from the use of the S&P Stock Indices or any data 
included therein in connection with the trading of futures contracts, options on futures contracts or any other use. 
S&P makes no express or implied warranties, and expressly disclaims all warranties of merchantability or fitness 
for a particular purpose or use with respect to the S&P Stock Indices or any data included therein. Without 
limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall S&P have any liability for any special, punitive, indirect, or 
consequential damages (including lost profits), even if notified of the possibility of such damages. 
 


 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 5 
 
Chapter 383 
E-mini® Russell 1000® Index Futures 
 
38300. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to E-mini® Russell 1000® Index futures (“futures”). In addition 
to this chapter, futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange as 
applicable. 
Unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate Chicago time. 
38300.A. 
Market Decline 
For the purposes of this chapter a Market Decline shall be as defined in New York Stock 
Exchange Rule 7.12 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or in Nasdaq Stock Market 
Rule 4121 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
38300.B. 
Primary Listing Exchange 
For the purposes of this chapter a Primary Listing Exchange shall be as defined in the “Plan to 
Address Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission 
Pursuant to Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 
31 May 2012 by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), as amended from time 
to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System Plans, File 4-631). 
38300.C. 
Regulatory Halt 
For the purposes of this chapter a Regulatory Halt shall be as defined in the “Plan to Address 
Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission Pursuant 
to Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 May 
2012 by the SEC, as amended from time to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market 
System Plans, File 4-631) and as implemented under New York Stock Exchange Rule 7.12 for 
Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or under Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for 
Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
38301. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each futures contract shall be valued at $50.00 times the Russell 1000® Index (“Index”). 
38302. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
38302.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such 
months as may be determined by the Exchange. 
38302.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trade shall be $50.00 times the Index. 
38302.C. 
Price Increments 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in Index points.  Subject to Rule 38306.C., the minimum price 
increment shall be 0.10 Index points, equal to $5.00 per contract, except for intermonth spreads 
executed pursuant to Rule 542.A., for which the minimum price increment shall be 0.05 Index 
points, equal to $2.50 per intermonth spread. 
38302.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall 
apply to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
38302.E. 
[Reserved] 
38302.F. 
[Reserved] 
38302.G. 
Termination of Trading 


 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 5 
Trading in expiring futures shall terminate at the regularly scheduled start of trading on the New 
York Stock Exchange on the Business Day scheduled for determination of the Final Settlement 
Price (Rule 38303.A.) for such futures. 
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of Final Settlement Price determination 
(Rule 38303.A), trading in the expiring futures shall terminate at the close of trading on the New 
York Stock Exchange on the immediately preceding Business Day.  
38302.H. 
[Reserved] 
38302.I. 
Price Limits and Trading Halts 
Futures trading shall be subject to Price Limits as set forth in this Rule.  For the purpose of this 
Rule the Exchange shall determine, in its sole discretion, the futures delivery month that 
represents the Primary Futures Contract Month and when such Primary Futures Contract Month 
is limit bid or limit offered. 
1. Daily Determination of Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, Price Limits applicable to a futures contract for a given delivery month 
shall be calculated on the basis of the corresponding Reference Price (Rule 38302.I.1.a.) and 
the corresponding Offsets (Rule 38302.I.1.b.), as follows: 
7% Price Limits = Reference Price minus 7% Offset, and Reference Price plus 7% Offset 
13% Price Limit = Reference Price minus 13% Offset 
20% Price Limit = Reference Price minus 20% Offset 
1.a. Reference Prices for Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, for futures for a given delivery month, the Exchange shall set a 
contract Reference Price on the first preceding Business Day, as follows: 
Tier 1 
Such Reference Price shall be based on the volume-weighted average price of transactions in 
such futures on the CME Globex electronic trading platform during the interval (i) between 
2:59:30 p.m. and 3:00:00 p.m., or (ii) in the case of an early scheduled close of the Primary 
Listing Exchange, between 11:59:30 a.m. and noon, or (iii) in the event of an unscheduled early 
close of the Primary Listing Exchange, the final thirty (30) seconds of the Primary Listing 
Exchange trading day (“Reference Interval”). 
Tier 2 
If no such transaction occurs during the Reference Interval, then such Reference Price shall be 
based on the average of midpoints of bid/ask spreads for such futures quoted on CME Globex 
during the Reference Interval, provided that the Reference Price calculation shall exclude the 
midpoint value for any such bid/ask spread that is wider than 0.20 Index points (equal to two (2) 
minimum price increments). 
Tier 3 
If such Reference Price cannot be determined pursuant to Tier 1 or Tier 2, then the Exchange, 
in its sole discretion, shall set such Reference Price by alternative means which may include, 
but are not limited to, derivation by reference to the basis relationship between such futures 
contract’s price and the Index, or application of Tier 1 and Tier 2 calculations to successive time 
intervals of increasing length, in integer multiples of thirty (30) seconds, until suitable price data 
are obtained. 
The resultant Reference Price value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of 
0.10 Index point.  Such Reference Price, so rounded, shall be used for determination of the 
corresponding Price Limits. 
For newly listed futures for a given delivery month, the Exchange shall set, in its sole discretion, 
a Reference Price value for the purpose of determining Price Limits for the first day of trading in 
such futures.   
1.b. Offsets for Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, the Exchange shall determine Offsets on the basis of the Index value 
(“I”) at the close of trading on the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 38300.B.) on the first preceding 
Business Day, as follows: 
7% Offset = 
7% of I  (0.07 x I)  
13% Offset = 
13% of I  
(0.13 x I)  


 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 5 
20% Offset = 
20% of I  
(0.20 x I)  
Each resultant Offset value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of 0.10 Index 
point.  Each such Offset, so rounded, shall be used in determination of the corresponding Price 
Limits. 
2. Application of Price Limits from Start of Trading Day to 8:30 a.m. 
From the start of any Trading Day until 8:30 a.m., there shall be no trading in futures for a given 
delivery month at any price that is either strictly lower than or strictly higher than the range 
defined by the 7% Price Limits (Rule 38302.I.1.) applicable to such futures on such Trading Day.  
Without limitation to the foregoing, the start of any Trading Day generally shall coincide with the 
start of the CME Globex trading session at 5:00 p.m. on the evening first preceding such Trading 
Day. 
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as 
set forth in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table 
in the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
3. Application of Price Limits and Trading Halts from 8:30 a.m. to 2:25 p.m.  
Except as provided in Rules 38302.I.3.a. and 38302.I.3.b., from 8:30 a.m. until and including 
2:25 p.m., or from 8:30 a.m. until and including 11:25 a.m. in the case of an early scheduled 
close of the Primary Listing Exchange, futures for a given delivery month shall trade subject to 
the corresponding Price Limits (Rule 38302.I.1.), as follows:  
There shall be no futures trading at any price strictly lower than the corresponding 7% Price 
Limit, unless the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 7% Price Limit.  
At such time as the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, 
the Exchange shall initiate a 2-minute observation interval.  At the conclusion of such observation 
interval:  
If the Primary Futures Contract Month is not limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, futures trading 
shall continue subject to the corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
If the Primary Futures Contract Month remains limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, futures trading 
shall halt for two (2) minutes, and shall then resume subject to the corresponding 13% Price 
Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, 
the Exchange shall initiate a 2-minute observation interval.  At the conclusion of such observation 
interval:  
If the Primary Futures Contract Month is not limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, futures trading 
shall continue subject to the corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
If the Primary Futures Contract Month remains limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, futures trading 
shall halt for two (2) minutes, and shall then resume subject to the corresponding 20% Price 
Limit. 
There shall be no futures trading at any price strictly lower than the corresponding 20% Price 
Limit.  
3.a. Regulatory Halts 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt (Rule 38300.C.) in 
response to a Level 1 (7%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt.  
When trading resumes on the Primary Listing Exchange, futures trading shall resume subject to 
the corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a 
Level 2 (13%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt.  When trading 
resumes on the Primary Listing Exchange, futures trading shall resume subject to the 
corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a 
Level 3 (20%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt for the remainder 
of the trading session. 
3.b. Unscheduled Non-Regulatory Halts 
If an unscheduled trading halt that is not also a Regulatory Halt occurs on one or more Primary 
Listing Exchanges between 8:30 a.m. and 2.25 p.m., or between 8:30 a.m. and 11:25 a.m. in 
the case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange(s), then futures trading 


 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 4 of 5 
shall be subject to such trading halts or such price limits as the Exchange, in its sole discretion, 
may determine to be appropriate.  
4. Application of Price Limits from 2:25 p.m. to 3:00 p.m. 
From 2:25 p.m. to 3:00 p.m., or from 11:25 a.m. to noon in the case of an early scheduled close 
on the Primary Listing Exchange, trading in futures for a given delivery month shall be subject 
only to the corresponding 20% Price Limit (Rule 38302.I.1.).  
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a 
Level 3 (20%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt for the remainder 
of the trading session. 
5. Application of Price Limits from 3:00 p.m. to Close of Trading Day 
From the close of trading on the Primary Listing Exchange at 3:00 p.m., or at noon in the case 
of an early scheduled close on the Primary Listing Exchange, until the close of the current 
Trading Day, trading in futures for a given delivery month shall be subject to an upper Price Limit 
equal to the corresponding Reference Price determined on the current Business Day (Rule 
38302.I.1.a.) plus the 7% Offset determined on the current Business Day (Rule 38302.I.1.b.). 
Trading in such futures also shall be subject to a lower Price Limit set as the corresponding 
Reference Price determined on the current Business Day minus the 7% Offset determined on 
the current Business Day, provided that such lower Price Limit shall be no lower than the 20% 
Price Limit (Rule 38302.I.1.) applicable to the current Trading Day. 
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as 
set forth in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table 
in the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
Without limitation to the foregoing, the close of the current Trading Day generally shall coincide 
with the close of the CME Globex trading session on such Trading Day. 
38303. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement. 
38303.A. 
Final Settlement Price  
For a futures contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be a special 
opening quotation of the Index.  Such special opening quotation shall be determined on the third 
Friday of such delivery month and shall be based on opening prices of the component stocks of 
the Index. 
If the Index is not scheduled to be published on the third Friday of the contract delivery month, 
then such Final Settlement Price shall be scheduled for determination on the first preceding 
Business Day on which the Index is scheduled to be published. 
If the Primary Listing Exchange does not open on the day scheduled for determination of such 
Final Settlement Price, then the Final Settlement Price shall be a special opening quotation of 
the Index on the next following day on which the Primary Listing Exchange is open for trading. 
If a component stock of the Index does not trade on the day scheduled for determination of such 
Final Settlement  Price, and the Primary Listing Exchange is open for trading, then for the 
purpose of calculating such Final Settlement Price the price of such stock shall be its closing 
price on the first preceding Primary Listing Exchange trading day, provided that the Exchange, 
in its sole discretion, may instruct that the price of such stock shall be the Primary Listing 
Exchange’s Official Opening Price of such stock on the next following Primary Listing Exchange 
trading day. 
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of final settlement price determination, 
the Final Settlement Price shall be the Official Index Closing Value published by the index 
publisher on the Business Day immediately preceding the original day of Final Settlement Price 
determination. 
38303.B. 
Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in an expiring futures contract at its termination of 
trading (Rule 38302.G.) shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in 
accordance with normal variation margin procedures based on such expiring contract’s Final 
Settlement Price (Rule 38303.A.).  
38304. 
[RESERVED]  
38306. 
BASIS TRADE AT INDEX CLOSE (“BTIC”) TRANSACTIONS 


 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 5 of 5 
All BTIC transactions must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 524.B. 
38306.A.  
BTIC Block Trade Requirements  
BTIC block trades must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 526.  
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed on a given Trading Day on or before the scheduled 
close of the Primary Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be made by 
reference to the Index closing value for the current Trading Day.  
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade that is executed on a given Trading Day after the scheduled 
close of the Primary Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be made by 
reference to the Index closing value for the next Trading Day. 
38306.B.  
BTIC Price Assignment Procedures  
The price assignment procedures for BTIC transactions shall follow Rule 524.B.3. 
38306.C. 
BTIC Minimum Price Increments 
The valid basis or price increment applied to the Index closing value to establish the BTIC futures 
price must be stated in full tick increments of 0.05 Index points.  
38306.D. 
Market Disruption Events  
In the event of a market disruption in the Primary Listing Exchange, all pending and executed 
BTIC transactions in the corresponding futures contract shall be cancelled by the Exchange. 
Such disruption shall be declared by the Exchange in its sole discretion, and may include, without 
limitation, an unscheduled early close of the Primary Listing Exchange or a NYSE Rule 7.12 
trading halt declared in response to a Level 3 (20%) decline in the S&P 500 Index that 
necessitates an early close of the Primary Listing Exchange.  
 
(End Chapter 383) 
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES RELATING TO CHAPTER 383 
Neither Frank Russell Company’s publication of the Russell Indexes nor its licensing of its trademarks for use 
in connection with securities or other financial products derived from a Russell Index in any way suggests or 
implies a representation or opinion by Frank Russell Company as to the attractiveness of investment in any 
securities or other financial products based upon or derived from any Russell Index. Frank Russell Company 
is not the issuer of any such securities or other financial products and makes no express or implied warranties 
of merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose with respect to any Russell Index or any data included 
or reflected therein, nor as to results to be obtained by any person or any entity from the use of the Russell 
Index or any data included or reflected therein. 
 
 
 


 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 5 
 
 
Chapter 384 
E-Mini® Russell 1000® Growth Index Futures 
 
38400. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
 
This chapter is limited in application to E-mini® Russell 1000® Growth Index futures (“futures”). 
In addition to this chapter, futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the 
Exchange as applicable. 
Unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate Chicago time. 
38400.A. 
Market Decline 
For the purposes of this chapter a Market Decline shall be as defined in New York Stock 
Exchange Rule 7.12 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or in Nasdaq Stock 
Market Rule 4121 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
38400.B. 
Primary Listing Exchange 
For the purposes of this chapter a Primary Listing Exchange shall be as defined in the “Plan to 
Address Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission 
Pursuant to Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” 
approved 31 May 2012 by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), as 
amended from time to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System Plans, File 4-
631). 
38400.C. 
Regulatory Halt 
For the purposes of this chapter a Regulatory Halt shall be as defined in the “Plan to Address 
Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission 
Pursuant to Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” 
approved 31 May 2012 by the SEC, as amended from time to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, 
National Market System Plans, File 4-631) and as implemented under New York Stock 
Exchange Rule 7.12 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or under Nasdaq Stock 
Market Rule 4121 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
38401. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each futures contract shall be valued at $50.00 times the Russell 1000® Growth Index 
(“Index”). 
38402. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
38402.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such 
months as may be determined by the Exchange. 
38402.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trade shall be $50.00 times the Index. 
38402.C. 
Price Increments 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in Index points.  Subject to Rule 38406.C., the minimum price 
increment shall be 0.10 Index points, equal to $5.00 per contract, except for intermonth 
spreads executed pursuant to Rule 542.A., for which the minimum price increment shall be 
0.05 Index points, equal to $2.50 per intermonth spread. 
38402.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable 
Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, 
are set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall 
apply to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the 
Market Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
38402.E. 
[Reserved] 


 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 5 
 
38402.F. 
[Reserved] 
38402.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Trading in expiring futures shall terminate at the regularly scheduled start of trading on the 
New York Stock Exchange on the Business Day scheduled for determination of the Final 
Settlement Price (Rule 38403.A.) for such futures. 
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of Final Settlement Price 
determination (Rule 38403.A), trading in the expiring futures shall terminate at the close of 
trading on the New York Stock Exchange on the immediately preceding Business Day.  
38402.H. 
[Reserved] 
38402.I. 
Price Limits and Trading Halts 
Futures trading shall be subject to Price Limits as set forth in this Rule.  For the purpose of this 
Rule the Exchange shall determine, in its sole discretion, the futures delivery month that 
represents the Primary Futures Contract Month and when such Primary Futures Contract 
Month is limit bid or limit offered. 
1. Daily Determination of Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, Price Limits applicable to a futures contract for a given delivery 
month shall be calculated on the basis of the corresponding Reference Price (Rule 
38402.I.1.a.) and the corresponding Offsets (Rule 38402.I.1.b.), as follows: 
7% Price Limits = Reference Price minus 7% Offset, and Reference Price plus 7% Offset 
13% Price Limit = Reference Price minus 13% Offset 
20% Price Limit = Reference Price minus 20% Offset 
1.a. Reference Prices for Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, for futures for a given delivery month, the Exchange shall set a 
contract Reference Price on the first preceding Business Day, as follows: 
Tier 1 
Such Reference Price shall be based on the volume-weighted average price of transactions in 
such futures on the CME Globex electronic trading platform during the interval (i) between 
2:59:30 p.m. and 3:00:00 p.m., or (ii) in the case of an early scheduled close of the Primary 
Listing Exchange, between 11:59:30 a.m. and noon, or (iii) in the event of an unscheduled 
early close of the Primary Listing Exchange, the final thirty (30) seconds of the Primary Listing 
Exchange trading day (“Reference Interval”). 
Tier 2 
If no such transaction occurs during the Reference Interval, then such Reference Price shall be 
based on the average of midpoints of bid/ask spreads for such futures quoted on CME Globex 
during the Reference Interval, provided that the Reference Price calculation shall exclude the 
midpoint value for any such bid/ask spread that is wider than 0.20 Index points (equal to two 
(2) minimum price increments). 
Tier 3 
If such Reference Price cannot be determined pursuant to Tier 1 or Tier 2, then the Exchange, 
in its sole discretion, shall set such Reference Price by alternative means which may include, 
but are not limited to, derivation by reference to the basis relationship between such futures 
contract’s price and the Index, or application of Tier 1 and Tier 2 calculations to successive 
time intervals of increasing length, in integer multiples of thirty (30) seconds, until suitable price 
data are obtained. 
The resultant Reference Price value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of 
0.10 Index point.  Such Reference Price, so rounded, shall be used for determination of the 
corresponding Price Limits. 
For newly listed futures for a given delivery month, the Exchange shall set, in its sole 
discretion, a Reference Price value for the purpose of determining Price Limits for the first day 
of trading in such futures.   
1.b. Offsets for Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, the Exchange shall determine Offsets on the basis of the Index 
value (“I”) at the close of trading on the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 38400.B.) on the first 
preceding Business Day, as follows: 


 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 5 
 
7% Offset = 
7% of I  (0.07 x I)  
13% Offset = 
13% of I  
(0.13 x I)  
20% Offset = 
20% of I  
(0.20 x I)  
Each resultant Offset value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of 0.10 Index 
point. Each such Offset, so rounded, shall be used in determination of the corresponding Price 
Limits. 
2. Application of Price Limits from Start of Trading Day to 8:30 a.m. 
From the start of any Trading Day until 8:30 a.m., there shall be no trading in futures for a 
given delivery month at any price that is either strictly lower than or strictly higher than the 
range defined by the 7% Price Limits (Rule 38402.I.1.) applicable to such futures on such 
Trading Day.  
Without limitation to the foregoing, the start of any Trading Day generally shall coincide with 
the start of the CME Globex trading session at 5:00 p.m. on the evening first preceding such 
Trading Day. 
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits 
as set forth in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits 
Table in the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
3. Application of Price Limits and Trading Halts from 8:30 a.m. to 2:25 p.m.  
Except as provided in Rules 38402.I.3.a. and 38402.I.3.b., from 8:30 a.m. until and including 
2:25 p.m., or from 8:30 a.m. until and including 11:25 a.m. in the case of an early scheduled 
close of the Primary Listing Exchange, futures for a given delivery month shall trade subject to 
the corresponding Price Limits (Rule 38402.I.1.), as follows:  
There shall be no futures trading at any price strictly lower than the corresponding 7% Price 
Limit, unless the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 7% Price Limit.  
At such time as the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 7% Price 
Limit, the Exchange shall initiate a 2-minute observation interval.  At the conclusion of such 
observation interval:  
If the Primary Futures Contract Month is not limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, futures trading 
shall continue subject to the corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
If the Primary Futures Contract Month remains limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, futures 
trading shall halt for two (2) minutes, and shall then resume subject to the corresponding 13% 
Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 13% Price 
Limit, the Exchange shall initiate a 2-minute observation interval.  At the conclusion of such 
observation interval:  
If the Primary Futures Contract Month is not limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, futures trading 
shall continue subject to the corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
If the Primary Futures Contract Month remains limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, futures 
trading shall halt for two (2) minutes, and shall then resume subject to the corresponding 20% 
Price Limit. 
There shall be no futures trading at any price strictly lower than the corresponding 20% Price 
Limit.  
3.a. Regulatory Halts 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt (Rule 38400.C.) 
in response to a Level 1 (7%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt.  
When trading resumes on the Primary Listing Exchange, futures trading shall resume subject 
to the corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a 
Level 2 (13%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt.  When trading 
resumes on the Primary Listing Exchange, futures trading shall resume subject to the 
corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a 
Level 3 (20%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt for the remainder 
of the trading session. 
3.b. Unscheduled Non-Regulatory Halts 


 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 4 of 5 
 
If an unscheduled trading halt that is not also a Regulatory Halt occurs on one or more Primary 
Listing Exchanges between 8:30 a.m. and 2.25 p.m., or between 8:30 a.m. and 11:25 a.m. in 
the case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange(s), then futures trading 
shall be subject to such trading halts or such price limits as the Exchange, in its sole discretion, 
may determine to be appropriate.  
4. Application of Price Limits from 2:25 p.m. to 3:00 p.m. 
From 2:25 p.m. to 3:00 p.m., or from 11:25 a.m. to noon in the case of an early scheduled 
close on the Primary Listing Exchange, trading in futures for a given delivery month shall be 
subject only to the corresponding 20% Price Limit (Rule 38402.I.1.).  
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a 
Level 3 (20%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt for the remainder 
of the trading session. 
5. Application of Price Limits from 3:00 p.m. to Close of Trading Day 
From the close of trading on the Primary Listing Exchange at 3:00 p.m., or at noon in the case 
of an early scheduled close on the Primary Listing Exchange, until the close of the current 
Trading Day, trading in futures for a given delivery month shall be subject to an upper Price 
Limit equal to the corresponding Reference Price determined on the current Business Day 
(Rule 38402.I.1.a.) plus the 7% Offset determined on the current Business Day (Rule 
38402.I.1.b.). 
Trading in such futures also shall be subject to a lower Price Limit set as the corresponding 
Reference Price determined on the current Business Day minus the 7% Offset determined on 
the current Business Day, provided that such lower Price Limit shall be no lower than the 20% 
Price Limit (Rule 38402.I.1.) applicable to the current Trading Day. 
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits 
as set forth in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits 
Table in the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.  
Without limitation to the foregoing, the close of the current Trading Day generally shall coincide 
with the close of the CME Globex trading session on such Trading Day. 
38403. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement. 
38403.A. 
Final Settlement Price  
For a futures contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be a special 
opening quotation of the Index. Such special opening quotation shall be determined on the 
third Friday of such delivery month and shall be based on opening prices of the component 
stocks of the Index. 
If the Index is not scheduled to be published on the third Friday of the contract delivery month, 
then such Final Settlement Price shall be scheduled for determination on the first preceding 
Business Day on which the Index is scheduled to be published. 
If the Primary Listing Exchange does not open on the day scheduled for determination of such 
Final Settlement Price, then the Final Settlement Price shall be a special opening quotation of 
the Index on the next following day on which the Primary Listing Exchange is open for trading. 
If a component stock of the Index does not trade on the day scheduled for determination of 
such Final Settlement  Price, and the Primary Listing Exchange is open for trading, then for the 
purpose of calculating such Final Settlement Price the price of such stock shall be its closing 
price on the first preceding Primary Listing Exchange trading day, provided that the Exchange, 
in its sole discretion, may instruct that the price of such stock shall be the Primary Listing 
Exchange’s Official Opening Price of such stock on the next following Primary Listing 
Exchange trading day. 
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of final settlement price 
determination, the Final Settlement Price shall be the Official Index Closing Value published by 
the index publisher on the Business Day immediately preceding the original day of Final 
Settlement Price determination. 
38403.B. 
Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in an expiring futures contract at its termination of 
trading (Rule 38402.G.) shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in 
accordance with normal variation margin procedures based on such expiring contract’s Final 


 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 5 of 5 
 
Settlement Price (Rule 38403.A.).  
38404. 
[RESERVED]  
38405. 
[RESERVED] 
38406. 
BASIS TRADE AT INDEX CLOSE (“BTIC”) TRANSACTIONS 
All BTIC transactions must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 524.B. 
38406.A. 
BTIC Block Trade Requirements  
BTIC block trades must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 526.  
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed on a given Trading Day on or before the scheduled 
close of the Primary Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be made by 
reference to the Index closing value for the current Trading Day.  
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade that is executed on a given Trading Day after the scheduled 
close of the Primary Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be made by 
reference to the Index closing value for the next Trading Day. 
38406.B. 
BTIC Price Assignment Procedures 
The price assignment procedures for BTIC transactions shall follow Rule 524.B.3. 
38406.C. 
BTIC Minimum Price Increments  
The valid basis or price increment applied to the Index closing value to establish the BTIC 
futures price must be stated in full tick increments of 0.05 Index points.  
38406.D. 
Market Disruption Events  
In the event of a market disruption in the Primary Listing Exchange, all pending and executed 
BTIC transactions in the corresponding futures contract shall be cancelled by the Exchange. 
Such disruption shall be declared by the Exchange in its sole discretion, and may include, 
without limitation, an unscheduled early close of the Primary Listing Exchange or a NYSE Rule 
7.12 trading halt declared in response to a Level 3 (20%) decline in the S&P 500 Index that 
necessitates an early close of the Primary Listing Exchange.  
 
(End Chapter 384) 
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES RELATING TO CHAPTER 384 
Neither Frank Russell Company’s publication of the Russell Indexes nor its licensing of its trademarks for 
use in connection with securities or other financial products derived from a Russell Index in any way 
suggests or implies a representation or opinion by Frank Russell Company as to the attractiveness of 
investment in any securities or other financial products based upon or derived from any Russell Index. Frank 
Russell Company is not the issuer of any such securities or other financial products and makes no express 
or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose with respect to any Russell 
Index or any data included or reflected therein, nor as to results to be obtained by any person or any entity 
from the use of the Russell Index or any data included or reflected therein. 
 


 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 5 
 
Chapter 385 
E-mini® Russell 1000® Value Index Futures 
 
38500. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to E-mini® Russell 1000® Value Index futures (“futures”). In 
addition to this chapter, futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the 
Exchange as applicable. 
Unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate Chicago time. 
38500.A. 
Market Decline 
For the purposes of this chapter a Market Decline shall be as defined in New York Stock 
Exchange Rule 7.12 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or in Nasdaq Stock Market 
Rule 4121 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
38500.B. 
Primary Listing Exchange 
For the purposes of this chapter a Primary Listing Exchange shall be as defined in the “Plan to 
Address Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission 
Pursuant to Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 
31 May 2012 by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), as amended from time 
to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System Plans, File 4-631). 
38500.C. 
Regulatory Halt 
For the purposes of this chapter a Regulatory Halt shall be as defined in the “Plan to Address 
Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission Pursuant 
to Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 May 
2012 by the SEC, as amended from time to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market 
System Plans, File 4-631) and as implemented under New York Stock Exchange Rule 7.12 for 
Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or under Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for 
Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
38501. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each futures contract shall be valued at $50.00 times the Russell 1000® Value Index (“Index”). 
38502. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
38502.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such 
months as may be determined by the Exchange. 
38502.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trade shall be $50.00 times the Index. 
38502.C. 
Price Increments 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in Index points.  Subject to Rule 38506.C., the minimum price 
increment shall be 0.10 Index points, equal to $5.00 per contract, except for intermonth spreads 
executed pursuant to Rule 542.A., for which the minimum price increment shall be 0.05 Index 
points, equal to $2.50 per intermonth spread. 
38502.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall 
apply to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
38502.E. 
[Reserved] 
38502.F. 
[Reserved] 
38502.G. 
Termination of Trading 


 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 5 
Trading in expiring futures shall terminate at the regularly scheduled start of trading on the New 
York Stock Exchange on the Business Day scheduled for determination of the Final Settlement 
Price (Rule 38503.A.) for such futures. 
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of Final Settlement Price determination 
(Rule 38503.A), trading in the expiring futures shall terminate at the close of trading on the New 
York Stock Exchange on the immediately preceding Business Day.  
38502.H. 
[Reserved] 
38502.I. 
Price Limits and Trading Halts 
Futures trading shall be subject to Price Limits as set forth in this Rule.  For the purpose of this 
Rule the Exchange shall determine, in its sole discretion, the futures delivery month that 
represents the Primary Futures Contract Month and when such Primary Futures Contract Month 
is limit bid or limit offered. 
1. Daily Determination of Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, Price Limits applicable to a futures contract for a given delivery month 
shall be calculated on the basis of the corresponding Reference Price (Rule 38502.I.1.a.) and 
the corresponding Offsets (Rule 38502.I.1.b.), as follows: 
7% Price Limits = Reference Price minus 7% Offset, and Reference Price plus 7% Offset 
13% Price Limit = Reference Price minus 13% Offset 
20% Price Limit = Reference Price minus 20% Offset 
1.a. Reference Prices for Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, for futures for a given delivery month, the Exchange shall set a 
contract Reference Price on the first preceding Business Day, as follows: 
Tier 1 
Such Reference Price shall be based on the volume-weighted average price of transactions in 
such futures on the CME Globex electronic trading platform during the interval (i) between 
2:59:30 p.m. and 3:00:00 p.m., or (ii) in the case of an early scheduled close of the Primary 
Listing Exchange, between 11:59:30 a.m. and noon, or (iii) in the event of an unscheduled early 
close of the Primary Listing Exchange, the final thirty (30) seconds of the Primary Listing 
Exchange trading day (“Reference Interval”). 
Tier 2 
If no such transaction occurs during the Reference Interval, then such Reference Price shall be 
based on the average of midpoints of bid/ask spreads for such futures quoted on CME Globex 
during the Reference Interval, provided that the Reference Price calculation shall exclude the 
midpoint value for any such bid/ask spread that is wider than 0.20 Index points (equal to two (2) 
minimum price increments). 
Tier 3 
If such Reference Price cannot be determined pursuant to Tier 1 or Tier 2, then the Exchange, 
in its sole discretion, shall set such Reference Price by alternative means which may include, 
but are not limited to, derivation by reference to the basis relationship between such futures 
contract’s price and the Index, or application of Tier 1 and Tier 2 calculations to successive time 
intervals of increasing length, in integer multiples of thirty (30) seconds, until suitable price data 
are obtained. 
The resultant Reference Price value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of 0.1 
Index point.  Such Reference Price, so rounded, shall be used for determination of the 
corresponding Price Limits. 
For newly listed futures for a given delivery month, the Exchange shall set, in its sole discretion, 
a Reference Price value for the purpose of determining Price Limits for the first day of trading in 
such futures.   
1.b. Offsets for Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, the Exchange shall determine Offsets on the basis of the Index value 
(“I”) at the close of trading on the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 38500.B.) on the first preceding 
Business Day, as follows: 
7% Offset = 
7% of I  (0.07 x I)  
13% Offset = 
13% of I  
(0.13 x I)  


 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 5 
20% Offset = 
20% of I  
(0.20 x I)  
Each resultant Offset value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of 0.1 Index 
point.  Each such Offset, so rounded, shall be used in determination of the corresponding Price 
Limits. 
2. Application of Price Limits from Start of Trading Day to 8:30 a.m. 
From the start of any Trading Day until 8:30 a.m., there shall be no trading in futures for a given 
delivery month at any price that is either strictly lower than or strictly higher than the range 
defined by the 7% Price Limits (Rule 38502.I.1.) applicable to such futures on such Trading Day.  
Without limitation to the foregoing, the start of any Trading Day generally shall coincide with the 
start of the CME Globex trading session at 5:00 p.m. on the evening first preceding such Trading 
Day. 
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as 
set forth in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table 
in the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
3. Application of Price Limits and Trading Halts from 8:30 a.m. to 2:25 p.m.  
Except as provided in Rules 38502.I.3.a. and 38502.I.3.b., from 8:30 a.m. until and including 
2:25 p.m., or from 8:30 a.m. until and including 11:25 a.m. in the case of an early scheduled 
close of the Primary Listing Exchange, futures for a given delivery month shall trade subject to 
the corresponding Price Limits (Rule 38502.I.1.), as follows:  
There shall be no futures trading at any price strictly lower than the corresponding 7% Price 
Limit, unless the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 7% Price Limit.  
At such time as the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, 
the Exchange shall initiate a 2-minute observation interval.  At the conclusion of such observation 
interval:  
If the Primary Futures Contract Month is not limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, futures trading 
shall continue subject to the corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
If the Primary Futures Contract Month remains limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, futures trading 
shall halt for two (2) minutes, and shall then resume subject to the corresponding 13% Price 
Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, 
the Exchange shall initiate a 2-minute observation interval.  At the conclusion of such observation 
interval:  
If the Primary Futures Contract Month is not limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, futures trading 
shall continue subject to the corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
If the Primary Futures Contract Month remains limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, futures trading 
shall halt for two (2) minutes, and shall then resume subject to the corresponding 20% Price 
Limit. 
There shall be no futures trading at any price strictly lower than the corresponding 20% Price 
Limit.  
3.a. Regulatory Halts 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt (Rule 38500.C.) in 
response to a Level 1 (7%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt.  
When trading resumes on the Primary Listing Exchange, futures trading shall resume subject to 
the corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a 
Level 2 (13%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt.  When trading 
resumes on the Primary Listing Exchange, futures trading shall resume subject to the 
corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a 
Level 3 (20%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt for the remainder 
of the trading session. 
3.b. Unscheduled Non-Regulatory Halts 
If an unscheduled trading halt that is not also a Regulatory Halt occurs on one or more Primary 
Listing Exchanges between 8:30 a.m. and 2.25 p.m., or between 8:30 a.m. and 11:25 a.m. in 
the case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange(s), then futures trading 


 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 4 of 5 
shall be subject to such trading halts or such price limits as the Exchange, in its sole discretion, 
may determine to be appropriate.  
4. Application of Price Limits from 2:25 p.m. to 3:00 p.m. 
From 2:25 p.m. to 3:00 p.m., or from 11:25 a.m. to noon in the case of an early scheduled close 
on the Primary Listing Exchange, trading in futures for a given delivery month shall be subject 
only to the corresponding 20% Price Limit (Rule 38502.I.1.).  
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a 
Level 3 (20%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt for the remainder 
of the trading session.  
5. Application of Price Limits from 3:00 p.m. to Close of Trading Day 
From the close of trading on the Primary Listing Exchange at 3:00 p.m., or at noon in the case 
of an early scheduled close on the Primary Listing Exchange, until the close of the current 
Trading Day, trading in futures for a given delivery month shall be subject to an upper Price Limit 
equal to the corresponding Reference Price determined on the current Business Day (Rule 
38502.I.1.a.) plus the 7% Offset determined on the current Business Day (Rule 38502.I.1.b.). 
Trading in such futures also shall be subject to a lower Price Limit set as the corresponding 
Reference Price determined on the current Business Day minus the 7% Offset determined on 
the current Business Day, provided that such lower Price Limit shall be no lower than the 20% 
Price Limit (Rule 38502.I.1.) applicable to the current Trading Day. 
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as 
set forth in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table 
in the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
Without limitation to the foregoing, the close of the current Trading Day generally shall coincide 
with the close of the CME Globex trading session on such Trading Day. 
38503. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement. 
38503.A. 
Final Settlement Price  
For a futures contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be a special 
opening quotation of the Index.  Such special opening quotation shall be determined on the third 
Friday of such delivery month and shall be based on opening prices of the component stocks of 
the Index. 
If the Index is not scheduled to be published on the third Friday of the contract delivery month, 
then such Final Settlement Price shall be scheduled for determination on the first preceding 
Business Day on which the Index is scheduled to be published. 
If the Primary Listing Exchange does not open on the day scheduled for determination of such 
Final Settlement Price, then the Final Settlement Price shall be a special opening quotation of 
the Index on the next following day on which the Primary Listing Exchange is open for trading. 
If a component stock of the Index does not trade on the day scheduled for determination of such 
Final Settlement  Price, and the Primary Listing Exchange is open for trading, then for the 
purpose of calculating such Final Settlement Price the price of such stock shall be its closing 
price on the first preceding Primary Listing Exchange trading day, provided that the Exchange, 
in its sole discretion, may instruct that the price of such stock shall be the Primary Listing 
Exchange’s Official Opening Price of such stock on the next following Primary Listing Exchange 
trading day. 
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of final settlement price determination, 
the Final Settlement Price shall be the Official Index Closing Value published by the index 
publisher on the Business Day immediately preceding the original day of Final Settlement Price 
determination. 
38503.B. 
Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in an expiring futures contract at its termination of 
trading (Rule 38502.G.) shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in 
accordance with normal variation margin procedures based on such expiring contract’s Final 
Settlement Price (Rule 38503.A.). 
38504. 
[RESERVED]  


 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 5 of 5 
38505. 
[RESERVED] 
38506. 
BASIS TRADE AT INDEX CLOSE (“BTIC”) TRANSACTIONS 
 
All BTIC transactions must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 524.B. 
 
38506.A. 
BTIC Block Trade Requirements  
BTIC block trades must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 526.  
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed on a given Trading Day on or before the scheduled 
close of the Primary Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be made by 
reference to the Index closing value for the current Trading Day.  
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade that is executed on a given Trading Day after the scheduled 
close of the Primary Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be made by 
reference to the Index closing value for the next Trading Day. 
38506.B. 
BTIC Price Assignment Procedures 
The price assignment procedures for BTIC transactions shall follow Rule 524.B.3. 
38506.C. 
BTIC Minimum Price Increments 
The valid basis or price increment applied to the Index closing value to establish the BTIC futures 
price must be stated in full tick increments of 0.05 Index points.  
38506.D. 
Market Disruption Events  
In the event of a market disruption in the Primary Listing Exchange, all pending and executed 
BTIC transactions in the corresponding futures contract shall be cancelled by the Exchange. 
Such disruption shall be declared by the Exchange in its sole discretion, and may include, without 
limitation, an unscheduled early close of the Primary Listing Exchange or a NYSE Rule 7.12 
trading halt declared in response to a Level 3 (20%) decline in the S&P 500 Index that 
necessitates an early close of the Primary Listing Exchange.  
 
 
(End Chapter 385) 
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES RELATING TO CHAPTER 385 
Neither Frank Russell Company’s publication of the Russell Indexes nor its licensing of its trademarks for use 
in connection with securities or other financial products derived from a Russell Index in any way suggests or 
implies a representation or opinion by Frank Russell Company as to the attractiveness of investment in any 
securities or other financial products based upon or derived from any Russell Index. Frank Russell Company 
is not the issuer of any such securities or other financial products and makes no express or implied warranties 
of merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose with respect to any Russell Index or any data included 
or reflected therein, nor as to results to be obtained by any person or any entity from the use of the Russell 
Index or any data included or reflected therein.  
 


 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 3 
 
Chapter 386 
E-mini® USD Denominated FTSE® 100 Index Futures 
 
38600. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to E-mini® USD Denominated FTSE® 100 Index futures 
(“futures”). In addition to this chapter, futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of 
the Exchange as applicable. 
Unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate Chicago time. 
38601. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each futures contract shall be valued at $50.00 times the FTSE® 100 – USD Index (“Index”). 
38602. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
38602.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
38602.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trade shall be $50.00 times the Index. 
38602.C. 
Price Increments 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in Index points. Subject to Rule 38606.C., the minimum price 
increment shall be 0.10 Index points, equal to $5.00 per contract, except for intermonth spreads 
executed pursuant to Rule 542.A., for which the minimum price increment shall be 0.05 Index 
points, equal to $2.50 per intermonth spread. 
38602.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
38602.E. 
[Reserved] 
38602.F. 
[Reserved] 
38602.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Trading in expiring futures shall terminate at 4:00 p.m. London Time on the Business Day 
scheduled for determination of the Final Settlement Price (Rule 38603.A.) for such futures. 
38602.H. 
[Reserved] 
38602.I. 
Price Limits and Trading Halts 
The primary futures contract expiration month, as referenced in this rule, shall be determined by the 
Exchange. The Exchange shall also determine when the primary futures contract month is limit bid 
or limit offered. 
Reference Price for Exchange Price Limits and Exchange Trading Halts:  
Daily price limits in futures will be established on the basis of a Reference Price (“P”) which shall be 
determined by the Exchange as follows: 
Tier 1 
 
Such Reference Price shall be the volume-weighted average price of transactions in futures 
executed on Globex during the 30 seconds immediately preceding commencement of the closing 
auction for SETS securities on the London Stock Exchange (“LSE closing auction”), generally, and 
without limitation to the foregoing, between 4:29:30 and 4:30:00 p.m. London time. 
Tier 2 
 
If no such transaction occurs, such Reference Price shall be the average of the midpoints of each 
bid/ask spread in futures during the 30 seconds immediately preceding commencement of such 


 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 3 
LSE closing auction, provided that bid/ask spread pairs wider than 0.20 Index points shall not be 
included in the calculation to determine such Reference Price. 
Tier 3 
 
If such Reference Price cannot be determined pursuant to Tiers 1 and 2 above, then the Exchange, 
in its sole discretion, shall set such Reference Price by alternative means which may include, but 
are not limited to, derivation by reference to the basis relationship between such futures contract’s 
price and the Index, or application of Tier 1 and Tier 2 calculations to successive time intervals of 
increasing length, in integer multiples of thirty (30) seconds, until suitable price data are obtained. 
The resultant Reference Price value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of 0.20 
Index points. Such Reference Price, so rounded, shall be used for determination of the 
corresponding Price Limits. 
In the event of an early close of the London Stock Exchange (“LSE”), such Reference Price shall 
be made on the basis of the thirty (30) seconds immediately preceding the LSE closing auction.  
For newly listed futures, the Exchange shall set, in its sole discretion, a Reference Price value for 
the purpose of determining Price Limits for the first day of trading in such futures. 
Exchange Price Limit Levels:  
The Price Limits shall be calculated daily based upon the Reference Price, P, and the value of the 
Index based upon LSE closing auction prices of Index component stocks (“I”). The Offset used to 
derive the daily Price Limits shall be calculated as follows: 
 
7% Offset = 7% of I, or (0.07 x I) rounded down to the nearest 0.10 point increment  
The daily Price Limits for futures shall be calculated as follows: 
 
7% Price Limits = P plus 7% Offset, and P minus 7% Offset 
Exchange Price Limits from 5:00 p.m. Chicago Time to 8:00 a.m. London Time:  
There shall be no trading of futures at any price outside the range defined by the 7% Price Limits, 
where such 7% Price Limits are calculated on the basis of (i) the Reference Price determined by 
the Exchange immediately prior to the most recent LSE closing auction and (ii) the Offset derived 
by the Exchange from the Index value based on the most recent LSE closing auction.  
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as 
set forth in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in 
the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
Exchange Price Limits from 8:00 a.m. to 4:35 p.m. London Time:  
Price Limits shall not apply during LSE Main Market hours. 
Exchange Price Limits from 4:35 p.m. London Time to 5:00 p.m. Chicago Time:  
There shall be no trading of futures at any price outside the range defined by the 7%Price Limits, 
where such  7% Price Limits are calculated on the basis of (i) the Reference Price determined by 
the Exchange immediately prior to the most recent LSE closing auction and (ii) the Offset derived 
by the Exchange from the Index value based on the LSE closing auction first preceding the most 
recent LSE closing auction.  
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as 
set forth in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in 
the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
38603.  
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement. 
38603.A. 
Final Settlement Price  
For a futures contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be determined on 
the third Friday of such delivery month, and shall be made on the basis of the corresponding 
London Stock Exchange (“LSE”) Exchange Delivery Settlement Price for that day. 
If the Index is not scheduled to be published on the third Friday of such delivery month, then such 
Final Settlement Price shall be scheduled for determination on the first preceding Business Day on 
which the Index is scheduled to be published. 
38603.B. 
Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in an expiring futures contract at its termination of trading 
(Rule 38602.G.) shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in accordance 
with normal variation margin procedures based on such expiring contract’s Final Settlement Price 
(Rule 38603.A.).  


 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 3 
38604. 
[RESERVED]  
38605. 
[RESERVED] 
38606. 
BASIS TRADE AT INDEX CLOSE (“BTIC”) TRANSACTIONS 
All BTIC transactions must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 524.B.  
38606.A.  
BTIC Block Trade Requirements  
BTIC block trades must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 526.  
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed on a given Trading Day on or before the scheduled close 
of the Primary Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the 
Index closing value for the current Trading Day.  
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade that is executed on a given Trading Day after the scheduled close 
of the Primary Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the 
Index closing value for the next Trading Day.  
38606.B.  
BTIC Price Assignment Procedures  
The price assignment procedures for BTIC transactions shall follow Rule 524.B.3. 
38606.C.  
BTIC Minimum Price Increments 
The valid basis or price increment applied to the Index closing value to establish the BTIC futures 
price must be stated in full tick increments of 0.05 Index points.  
38606.D 
Market Disruption Events 
In the event of a market disruption in the Primary Listing Exchange, all pending and executed BTIC 
transactions in the corresponding futures contract shall be cancelled by the Exchange. Such 
disruption shall be declared by the Exchange in its sole discretion, and may include, without 
limitation, an unscheduled early close of the Primary Listing Exchange. 
 
(End Chapter 386) 
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES RELATING TO CHAPTER 386 
E-mini® USD Denominated FTSE® 100 Index futures are not in any way sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted 
by FTSE® International Limited (“FTSE®”) or the London Stock Exchange Group companies (“LSEG”) (together 
the “Licensor Parties”) and none of the Licensor Parties make any claim, prediction, warranty or representation 
whatsoever, expressly or impliedly, either as to (i) the results to be obtained from the use of the FTSE® 100 – 
USD Index (the “Index”) (upon which E-mini® USD Denominated FTSE® 100 Index futures are based), (ii) the 
figure at which the Index is said to stand at any particular time on any particular day or otherwise, or (iii) the 
suitability of the Index for the purpose to which it is being put in connection with the E-mini® USD Denominated 
FTSE® 100 Index futures Index.  None of the Licensor Parties have provided or will provide any financial or 
investment advice or recommendation in relation to the Index to CME or to its clients.  The Index is calculated by 
FTSE® or its agent. None of the Licensor Parties shall be (a) liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) to any 
person for any error in the Index or (b) under any obligation to advise any person of any error therein.  
 
All rights in the Index vest in FTSE.  “FTSE®” is a trade mark of LSEG and is used by FTSE® under license. 
 


 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 3 
 
Chapter 387 
E-mini® FTSE® 100 Index Futures 
 
38700. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to E-mini® FTSE® 100 Index futures (“futures”). In addition to 
this chapter, futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange as 
applicable. 
Unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate Chicago time. 
38701. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each futures contract shall be valued at GBP 10.00 times the FTSE® 100 Index (“Index”). 
38702. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
38702.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
38702.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trade shall be GBP 10.00 times the Index. 
38702.C. 
Price Increments 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in Index points. Subject to Rule 38706.C., the minimum price 
increment shall be 0.50 Index points, equal to GBP 5.00 per contract, except for intermonth 
spreads executed pursuant to Rule 542.A., for which the minimum price increment shall be 0.25 
Index points, equal to GBP 2.50 per intermonth spread. 
38702.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
38702.E. 
[Reserved] 
38702.F. 
[Reserved] 
38702.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Trading in expiring futures shall terminate at 10:30 a.m. London time on the Business Day 
scheduled for determination of the Final Settlement Price (Rule 38703.A.) for such futures. 
38702.H. 
[Reserved] 
38702.I. 
Price Limits and Trading Halts 
The primary futures contract expiration month, as referenced in this rule, shall be determined by the 
Exchange. The Exchange shall also determine when the primary futures contract month is limit bid 
or limit offered. 
Reference Price for Exchange Price Limits and Exchange Trading Halts:  
Daily price limits in futures will be established on the basis of a Reference Price (“P”) which shall be 
determined by the Exchange as follows: 
Tier 1 
 
Such Reference Price shall be the volume-weighted average price of transactions in futures 
executed on Globex during the 30 seconds immediately preceding commencement of the closing 
auction for SETS securities on the London Stock Exchange Main Market (“LSE closing auction”), 
generally, and without limitation to the foregoing, between 4:29:30 and 4:30:00 p.m. London time. 
Tier 2 
 
If no such transaction occurs, such Reference Price shall be the average of the midpoints of each 
bid/ask spread in futures during the 30 seconds immediately preceding commencement of the LSE 


 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 3 
closing auction closing auction, provided that bid/ask spread pairs wider than one (1) Index point 
shall not be included in the calculation to determine such Reference Price. 
 
Tier 3 
 
If such Reference Price cannot be determined pursuant to Tiers 1 and 2 above, then the Exchange, 
in its sole discretion, shall set such Reference Price by alternative means which may include, but 
are not limited to, derivation by reference to the basis relationship between such futures contract’s 
price and the Index, or application of Tier 1 and Tier 2 calculations to successive time intervals of 
increasing length, in integer multiples of thirty (30) seconds, until suitable price data are obtained. 
The resultant Reference Price value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of one 
(1) Index point. Such Reference Price, so rounded, shall be used for determination of the 
corresponding Price Limits. 
In the event of an early close of the London Stock Exchange (“LSE”), such Reference Price shall 
be made on the basis of the thirty (30) seconds immediately preceding the LSE closing auction. 
For newly listed futures, the Exchange shall set, in its sole discretion, a Reference Price value for 
the purpose of determining Price Limits for the first day of trading in such futures.  
Exchange Price Limit Levels: The Price Limits shall be calculated daily based upon the Reference 
Price, P, and the value of the Index based upon LSE closing auction prices of Index component 
stocks (“I”). The Offset used to derive the daily Price Limits shall be calculated as follows: 
7% Offset = 7% of l, or (0.07 x l) rounded down to the nearest 0.5 point increment  
The daily Price Limits for futures shall be calculated as follows: 
7% Price Limit = P plus 7% Offset, and P minus 7% Offset  
Exchange Price Limits from 5:00 p.m. Chicago Time to 8:00 a.m. London Time:  
There shall be no trading of futures at any price outside the range defined by the 7% Price Limits, 
where such 7% Price Limits are calculated on the basis of (i) the Reference Price determined by 
the Exchange immediately prior to the most recent LSE closing auction and (ii) the Offset derived 
by the Exchange from the Index value based on the most recent LSE closing auction. 
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as 
set forth in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in 
the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
Exchange Price Limits from 8:00 a.m. to 4:35 p.m. London Time:  
Price Limits shall not apply during LSE Main Market hours.  
Exchange Price Limits from 4:35 p.m. London Time to 4:00 p.m. Chicago Time:  
There shall be no trading of futures at any price outside the range defined by the 7%Price Limits, 
where such 7% Price Limits are calculated on the basis of (i) the Reference Price determined by 
the Exchange immediately prior to the most recent LSE closing auction and (ii) the Offset derived 
by the Exchange from the Index value based on the LSE closing auction first preceding the most 
recent LSE closing auction. 
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as 
set forth in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in 
the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
38703. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement. 
38703.A. 
Final Settlement Price  
For a futures contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be determined on 
the third Friday of such delivery month, and shall be made on the basis of the corresponding 
London Stock Exchange (“LSE”) Exchange Delivery Settlement Price for that day. 
If the Index is not scheduled to be published on the third Friday of such delivery month, then such 
Final Settlement Price shall be scheduled for determination on the first preceding Business Day on 
which the Index is scheduled to be published. 
38703.B. 
Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in an expiring futures contract at its termination of trading 
(Rule 38702.G.) shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in accordance 
with normal variation margin procedures based on such expiring contract’s Final Settlement Price 
(Rule 38703.A.). 


 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 3 
38704. 
[RESERVED]  
38705. 
[RESERVED] 
38706. 
BASIS TRADE AT INDEX CLOSE (“BTIC”) TRANSACTIONS 
 
All BTIC transactions must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 524.B. 
38706.A.  
BTIC Block Trade Requirements  
BTIC block trades must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 526.  
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed on a given Trading Day on or before the scheduled close 
of the Primary Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the 
Index closing value for the current Trading Day.  
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade that is executed on a given Trading Day after the scheduled close 
of the Primary Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the 
Index closing value for the next Trading Day.  
38706.B.  
BTIC Price Assignment Procedures  
The price assignment procedures for BTIC transactions shall follow Rule 524.B.3. 
38706.C.  
BTIC Minimum Price Increments 
The valid basis or price increment applied to the Index closing value to establish the BTIC futures 
price must be stated in full tick increments of 0.25 Index points.  
38706.D.  
Market Disruption Events 
In the event of a market disruption in the Primary Listing Exchange, all pending and executed BTIC 
transactions in the corresponding futures contract shall be cancelled by the Exchange. Such 
disruption shall be declared by the Exchange in its sole discretion, and may include, without 
limitation, an unscheduled early close of the Primary Listing Exchange. 
 
(End Chapter 387) 
 
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES RELATING TO CHAPTER 387 
E-mini® FTSE® 100 Index futures are not in any way sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by FTSE® 
International Limited (“FTSE”) or the London Stock Exchange Group companies (“LSEG”) (together the “Licensor 
Parties”) and none of the Licensor Parties make any claim, prediction, warranty or representation whatsoever, 
expressly or impliedly, either as to (i) the results to be obtained from the use of the FTSE® 100 Index (the 
“Index”) (upon which E-mini® FTSE® 100 Index futures are based), (ii) the figure at which the Index is said to 
stand at any particular time on any particular day or otherwise, or (iii) the suitability of the Index for the purpose 
to which it is being put in connection with the E-mini® FTSE® 100 Index futures Index.  None of the Licensor 
Parties have provided or will provide any financial or investment advice or recommendation in relation to the 
Index to CME or to its clients.  The Index is calculated by FTSE® or its agent. None of the Licensor Parties shall 
be (a) liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) to any person for any error in the Index or (b) under any 
obligation to advise any person of any error therein.  
 
All rights in the Index vest in FTSE®.  “FTSE®” is a trade mark of LSEG and is used by FTSE® under licence. 


 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 3 
 
Chapter 388 
E-mini® FTSE® China 50 Index Futures 
 
38800. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to E-mini® FTSE® China 50 Index futures (“futures”). In 
addition to this chapter, futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the 
Exchange as applicable. 
Unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate Chicago time. 
38801. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each futures contract shall be valued at $2 times the FTSE® China 50 Index (“Index”). 
38802. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
38802.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
38802.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trade shall be $2 times the Index. 
38802.C. 
Price Increments 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in Index points.  Subject to Rule 38806.C., the minimum price 
increment shall be 2.5 Index points, equal to $5 per contract, except for intermonth spreads 
executed pursuant to Rule 542.A., for which the minimum price increment shall be 0.5 Index point, 
equal to $1 per intermonth spread. 
38802.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
38802.E. 
[Reserved] 
38802.F. 
[Reserved] 
38802.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Trading in expiring futures shall terminate at the regularly scheduled end of trading on the Hong 
Kong Exchange Securities Market on the Business Day scheduled for determination of the Final 
Settlement Price (Rule 38803.A.) for such futures. 
38802.H. 
[Reserved] 
38802.I. 
Price Limits and Trading Halts 
The primary futures contract expiration month, as referenced in this rule, shall be determined by the 
Exchange. The Exchange shall also determine when the primary futures contract month is limit bid 
or limit offered. 
Reference Price for Exchange Price Limits and Exchange Trading Halts:  
Daily price limits in futures will be established on the basis of a Reference Price (“P”) which shall be 
determined by the Exchange as follows: 
Tier 1 
Such Reference Price shall be the volume-weighted average price of transactions in futures 
executed on Globex between 3:59:30 and 4:00:00 p.m. Hong Kong time. 
Tier 2 
If no such transaction occurs, such Reference Price shall be the average of the midpoints of each 
bid/ask spread in futures during between 3:59:30 and 4:00:00 p.m. Hong Kong time, provided that 
bid/ask spread pairs wider than 10 Index points shall not be included in the calculation to determine 


 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 3 
such Reference Price. 
Tier 3 
If such Reference Price cannot be determined pursuant to Tiers 1 and 2 above, then the Exchange, 
in its sole discretion, shall set such Reference Price by alternative means which may include, but 
are not limited to, derivation by reference to the basis relationship between such futures contract’s 
price and the Index, or application of Tier 1 and Tier 2 calculations to successive time intervals of 
increasing length, in integer multiples of thirty (30) seconds, until suitable price data are obtained. 
The resultant Reference Price value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of 5 
Index points.  Such Reference Price, so rounded, shall be used for determination of the 
corresponding Price Limits. 
In the event of an early close of the Hong Kong Exchange Securities Market, such Reference Price 
shall be made on the basis of the last thirty (30) seconds of the Hong Kong Exchange Securities 
Market trading day. 
For newly listed futures, the Exchange shall set, in its sole discretion, a Reference Price value for 
the purpose of determining Price Limits for the first day of trading in such futures.   
Exchange Price Limit Levels: The Price Limits shall be calculated daily based upon the Reference 
Price, P, and the value of the Index based on closing prices of Index component stocks made on 
the Hong Kong Stock Exchange Securities Market (“I”).  The Offset used to derive the daily Price 
Limits shall be calculated as follows:  
 
7% Offset = 7% of I, or (0.07 x I) rounded down to the nearest 5 point increment  
The daily Price Limits for futures shall be calculated as follows: 
 
7% Price Limits = P plus 7% Offset, P minus 7% Offset 
Exchange Price Limits from 5:00 p.m. Chicago time to 9:30 a.m. Hong Kong time:   
There shall be no trading of futures at any price outside the range defined by the 7% Price Limits, 
where such 7% Price Limits are calculated on the basis of (i) the Reference Price determined by 
the Exchange immediately prior to the most recent Hong Kong Exchange Securities Market close 
and (ii) the Offset derived by the Exchange from the Index value based on the most recent Hong 
Kong Exchange Securities Market closing prices. 
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as 
set forth in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in 
the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.  
Exchange Price Limits from 9:30 a.m. Hong Kong time to 4:00 p.m. Hong Kong time:  
Price Limits shall not apply during Hong Kong Exchange Securities Market hours.  
Exchange Price Limits from 4:00 p.m. Hong Kong time to 5:00 p.m. Chicago time:   
There shall be no trading of futures at any price outside the range defined by the 5% Price Limits, 
where such 7% Price Limits are calculated on the basis of (i) the Reference Price determined by 
the Exchange immediately prior to the most recent Hong Kong Exchange Securities Market close 
and (ii) the Offset derived by the Exchange from the Index value based on closing prices made at 
the Hong Kong Exchange Securities Market close first preceding the latest Hong Kong Exchange 
Securities Market close. 
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as 
set forth in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in 
the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.  
38803. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement. 
38803.A. 
Final Settlement Price  
For a futures contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be determined on 
the second to last Business Day of the contract month, according to the Hong Kong Exchange 
Securities Market calendar. 
If the Index is not scheduled to be published on the second to last Business Day of such contract 
month, then such Final Settlement Price shall be scheduled for determination on the first preceding 
Business Day on which the Index is scheduled to be published. 
If the Hong Kong Stock Exchange Securities Market does not open on the day scheduled for 
determination of the Final Settlement Price, then such Final Settlement Price shall be based on the 
Index value for the next business day on which the Hong Kong Stock Exchange Securities Market 


 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 3 
is open for trading. 
38803.B. 
Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in an expiring futures contract at its termination of trading 
(Rule 38802.G.) shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in accordance 
with normal variation margin procedures based on such expiring contract’s Final Settlement Price 
(Rule 38803.A.). 
38804.  
[RESERVED]  
38805. 
[RESERVED] 
38806. 
BASIS TRADE AT INDEX CLOSE (“BTIC”) TRANSACTIONS 
All BTIC transactions must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 524.B. 
38806.A.  
BTIC Block Trade Requirements  
BTIC block trades must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 526.  
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed on a given Trading Day on or before the scheduled close 
of the Primary Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the 
Index closing value for the current Trading Day.   
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade that is executed on a given Trading Day after the scheduled close 
of the Primary Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the 
Index closing value for the next Trading Day.  
38806.B.  
BTIC Price Assignment Procedures  
The price assignment procedures for BTIC transactions shall follow Rule 524.B.3. 
38806.C.  
BTIC Minimum Price Increments 
The valid basis or price increment applied to the closing value to establish the BTIC futures price 
must be stated in increments of 0.5 Index points.  
38806.D.  
Market Disruption Events 
In the event of a market disruption in the Primary Listing Exchange, all pending and executed BTIC 
transactions in the corresponding futures contract shall be cancelled by the Exchange. Such 
disruption shall be declared by the Exchange in its sole discretion, and may include, without 
limitation, an unscheduled early close of the Primary Listing Exchange. 
 
 (End Chapter 388) 
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES RELATING TO CHAPTER 388 
The E-mini® FTSE® China 50 Index futures is not in any way sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by FTSE® 
International Limited (“FTSE®”) or the London Stock Exchange Group companies (“LSEG”) (together the 
“Licensor Parties”) and none of the Licensor Parties make any claim, prediction, warranty or representation 
whatsoever, expressly or impliedly, either as to (i) the results to be obtained from the use of the FTSE® China 50 
(the “Index”) (upon which the E-mini® FTSE® 100 Index futures is based), (ii) the figure at which the Index is said 
to stand at any particular time on any particular day or otherwise, or (iii) the suitability of the Index for the 
purpose to which it is being put in connection with the E-mini® FTSE® China 50 Index futures Index.  None of the 
Licensor Parties have provided or will provide any financial or investment advice or recommendation in relation 
to the Index to CME or to its clients.  The Index is calculated by FTSE® or its agent. None of the Licensor Parties 
shall be (a) liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) to any person for any error in the Index or (b) under any 
obligation to advise any person of any error therein. 
All rights in the Index vest in FTSE®. “FTSE®” is a trade mark of LSEG and is used by FTSE® under licence. 


 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 3 
 
Chapter 390 
 E-mini® FTSE® Developed Europe Index Futures 
 
39000. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to E-mini® FTSE® Developed Europe Index futures (“futures”). 
In addition to this chapter, futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the 
Exchange as applicable. 
Unless otherwise specified, times referenced herein shall indicate Chicago time. 
39001. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each futures contract shall be valued at EUR 200 times the FTSE® Developed Europe Index 
(“Index”). 
39002. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
39002.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
39002.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trade shall be EUR 200 times the Index. 
39002.C. 
Price Increments 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in Index points. Subject to Rule 39006.C., the minimum price 
increment shall be 0.05 Index points, equal to EUR 10 per contract, except for intermonth spreads 
executed pursuant to Rule 542.A., for which the minimum price increment shall be 0.01 Index 
points, equal to EUR 2 per intermonth spread. 
39002.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona file commercial purposes shall apply to 
the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
39002.E. 
[Reserved] 
39002.F. 
[Reserved] 
39002.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Trading in expiring futures shall terminate at 4:30 p.m. London Time on the Business Day 
scheduled for determination of the Final Settlement Price (Rule 39003.A.) of such futures. 
39002.H. 
[Reserved] 
39002.I. 
Price Limits and Trading Halts  
Futures trading shall be subject to Price Limits as set forth in this Rule. 
1. Daily Determination of Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, Price Limits applicable to a futures contract for a given delivery month 
shall be calculated on the basis of the corresponding Reference Price (Rule 39002.I.1.a.) and the 
corresponding Offsets (Rule 39002.I.1.b.), as follows: 
 
 
 
 
7% Price Limits = Reference Price minus 7% Offset and Reference Price plus 7% Offset 
1.a. Reference Prices for Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, for futures for a given delivery month, the Exchange shall set a contract 
Reference Price on the first preceding Business Day, as follows: 
Tier 1 
 
Such Reference Price shall be based on the volume-weighted average price of transactions in 


 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 3 
futures for such delivery month on the CME Globex electronic trading platform between 4:29:30 
and 4:30:00 p.m. London time (“reference interval”). 
Tier 2 
 
If no such transaction occurs during the reference interval, then such Reference Price shall be 
based on the average of midpoints of bid/ask spreads for such futures quoted on CME Globex 
during the reference interval, provided that the Reference Price calculation shall exclude the 
midpoint value for any such bid/ask spread that is wider than 0.10 Index points.   
Tier 3 
 
If such Reference Price cannot be determined pursuant to Tier 1 or Tier 2, then the Exchange, in its 
sole discretion, shall set such Reference Price by alternative means which may include, but are not 
limited to, derivation by reference to the basis relationship between such futures contract’s price 
and the Index, or application of Tier 1 and Tier 2 calculations to successive time intervals of 
increasing length, in integer multiples of thirty (30) seconds, until suitable price data are obtained. 
The resultant Reference Price value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of 0.05 
Index points.  Such Reference Price, so rounded, shall be used for determination of the 
corresponding Price Limits. 
For newly listed futures for a given delivery month, the Exchange shall set, in its sole discretion, a 
Reference Price value for the purpose of determining Price Limits for the first day of trading in such 
futures.   
1.b. Offsets for Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, the Exchange shall determine the Offset on the basis of the Index 
closing value (“I”) for the first preceding Business Day, as follows: 
 
 
7% Offset  
=  
0.07 x I 
The resultant Offset value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of 0.05 Index 
points.  Such Offset, so rounded, shall be used in determination of the corresponding Price Limits. 
2. Application of Price Limits from Start of Trading Day to 8:00 a.m. London Time: 
Without limitation to the following, the start of a Trading Day generally shall coincide with the start 
of the corresponding CME Globex trading session at 5:00 p.m. Chicago time on the evening first 
preceding such Trading Day. 
From the start of any Trading Day until 8:00 a.m. London time, there shall be no trading in futures 
for a given delivery month at any price outside the range defined by the 7% Price Limits, where 
such 7% Price Limits are established on the basis of (i) the Reference Price most recently 
determined by the Exchange as of 5:00 p.m. Chicago time and (ii) the Offset derived by the 
Exchange on the basis of the most recently published Index closing value as of 5:00 p.m. Chicago 
time.  
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as 
set forth in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in 
the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
3. Application of Price Limits from 8:00 a.m. London Time to 4:30 p.m. London Time:   
Price Limits shall not apply. 
4. Application of Price Limits from 4:30 p.m. London Time to 5:00 p.m. Chicago Time:   
There shall be no trading of futures at any price outside the range defined by the  7% Price Limits, 
where such 7% Price Limits are established on the basis of (i) the Reference Price most recently 
determined by the Exchange as of 4:30 p.m. London time and (ii) the Offset derived by the 
Exchange on the basis of the most recently published Index closing value as of 4:30 p.m. London 
time. 
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as 
set forth in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in 
the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
39003. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement. 
39003.A. 
Final Settlement Price  
For a futures contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be determined on 
the third Friday of such delivery month, and shall be equal to the Index closing value for the third 
Friday of such delivery month. 
If the Index is not scheduled to be published on the third Friday of such delivery month, then such 


 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 3 
Final Settlement Price shall be scheduled for determination on the first preceding Business Day on 
which the Index is scheduled to be published. 
39003.B. 
Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in an expiring futures contract at its termination of trading 
(Rule 39002.G.) shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in accordance 
with normal variation margin procedures based on such expiring contract’s Final Settlement Price 
(Rule 39003.A.).  
39004. 
[RESERVED]  
39005. 
[RESERVED] 
39006. 
BASIS TRADE AT INDEX CLOSE (“BTIC”) TRANSACTIONS 
All BTIC transactions must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 524.B.  
39006.A.  
BTIC Block Trade Requirements  
BTIC block trades must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 526.  
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed on a given Trading Day on or before 4:30 p.m. London 
time, the corresponding futures price shall be assigned by reference to the Index closing value for 
the current Business Day. For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed on a given Business Day after 
4:30 p.m. London time, the corresponding futures price shall be assigned by reference to the Index 
closing value for the next following Business Day.  
39006.B.  
BTIC Price Assignment Procedures  
The price assignment procedures for BTIC transactions shall follow Rule 524.B.3. 
39006.C.  
BTIC Minimum Price Increments 
The valid basis or price increment applied to the Index closing value to establish the BTIC futures 
price must be an integer multiple of 0.01 Index points.  
39006.D.  
Market Disruption Events 
In the event of a market disruption, which precludes a valid Index closing value calculation, all 
pending and executed BTIC transactions in the corresponding futures contract shall be cancelled 
by the Exchange. Such disruption shall be declared by the Exchange in its sole discretion, and may 
include, without limitation, an unscheduled early close of the futures trading. 
 
(End Chapter 390) 
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES RELATING TO CHAPTER 390 
E-mini FTSE Developed Europe Index futures are not in any way sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by 
FTSE International Limited (“FTSE”) or the London Stock Exchange Group companies (“LSEG”) (together the 
“Licensor Parties”), and none of the Licensor Parties makes any claim, prediction, warranty or representation 
whatsoever, expressly or impliedly, either as to (i) the results to be obtained from the use of the FTSE Developed 
Europe Index (“Index”) (upon which E-mini FTSE Developed Europe Index futures are based), (ii) the figure at 
which the Index is said to stand at any particular time on any particular day or otherwise, or (iii) the suitability of 
the Index for the purpose to which it is being put in connection with the E-mini FTSE Developed Europe Index 
futures.  None of the Licensor Parties has provided or will provide any financial or investment advice or 
recommendation in relation to the Index to CME or to its clients.  The Index is calculated by FTSE or its agent. 
None of the Licensor Parties shall be (a) liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) to any person for any error in 
the Index or (b) under any obligation to advise any person of any error therein.  
 
All rights in the Index vest in FTSE.  “FTSE®” is a trade mark of LSEG and is used by FTSE under license. 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 3 
Chapter 391 
E-mini® FTSE® Emerging Index Futures 
 
39100. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to E-mini FTSE Emerging Index futures (“futures”). In addition 
to this chapter, futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange as 
applicable. 
Unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate Chicago Time. 
39101. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each futures contract shall be valued at USD 100 times the FTSE Emerging Index (“Index”). 
39102. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
39102.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
39102.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trade shall be USD 100 times the Index. 
39102.C. 
Price Increments 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in Index points.  Subject to Rule 39106.C., the minimum price 
increment shall be 0.10 Index points, equal to USD 10 per contract, except for intermonth spreads 
executed pursuant to Rule 542.A., for which the minimum price increment shall be 0.01 Index 
points, equal to USD 1 per intermonth spread. 
39102.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona file commercial purposes shall apply to 
the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
39102.E. 
[Reserved] 
39102.F. 
[Reserved] 
39102.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Trading in expiring futures shall terminate at 3:00 p.m. on the Business Day scheduled for 
determination of the Final Settlement Price (Rule 39103.A.) of such futures. 
39102.H. 
[Reserved] 
39102.I. 
Price Limits 
Futures trading shall be subject to Price Limits as set forth in this Rule. 
For the purpose of this Rule the Exchange shall determine, in its sole discretion, the futures 
delivery month that represents the Primary Futures Contract Month and when such Primary 
Futures Contract Month is limit bid or limit offered. 
1. Daily Determination of Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, Price Limits applicable to a futures contract for a given delivery month 
shall be calculated on the basis of the corresponding Reference Price (Rule 39102.I.1.a.) and the 
corresponding Offsets (Rule 39102.I.1.b.), as follows: 
7% Price Limit  
= 
Reference Price minus 7% Offset 
13% Price Limit =  
Reference Price minus 13% Offset 
20% Price Limit =  
Reference Price minus 20% Offset 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 3 
1.a. Reference Prices for Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, for futures for a given delivery month, the Exchange shall set a contract 
Reference Price on the first preceding Business Day, as follows:  
Tier 1 
Such Reference Price shall be based on the volume-weighted average price of 
transactions in futures for such delivery month on the CME Globex electronic trading 
platform between 2:59:30 p.m. and 3:00:00 p.m. (“reference interval”). 
Tier 2 
If no such transaction occurs during the reference interval, then such Reference Price 
shall be based on the average of midpoints of bid/ask spreads for such futures quoted 
on CME Globex during the reference interval, provided that the Reference Price 
calculation shall exclude the midpoint value for any such bid/ask spread that is wider 
than 0.20 Index points.   
Tier 3 
If such Reference Price cannot be determined pursuant to Tier 1 or Tier 2, then the 
Exchange, in its sole discretion, shall set such Reference Price by alternative means 
which may include, but are not limited to, derivation by reference to the basis 
relationship between such futures contract’s price and the Index, or application of Tier 
1 and Tier 2 calculations to successive time intervals of increasing length, in integer 
multiples of thirty (30) seconds, until suitable price data are obtained. 
The resultant Reference Price value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of 0.10 
Index point.  Such Reference Price, so rounded, shall be used for determination of the 
corresponding Price Limits. 
For newly listed futures for a given delivery month, the Exchange shall set, in its sole discretion, a 
Reference Price value for the purpose of determining Price Limits for the first day of trading in such 
futures.   
1.b. Offsets for Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, the Exchange shall determine Offsets on the basis of the Index closing 
value (“I”) for the first preceding Business Day, as follows: 
 
7% Offset  
= 
0.07 x I  
 
13% Offset  = 
0.13 x I  
 
20% Offset  = 
0.20 x I  
Each Offset value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of 0.10 Index point.  Each 
such Offset, so rounded, shall be used in determination of the corresponding Price Limits. 
2. Application of Price Limits 
From the commencement of any Trading Day there shall be no futures trading at any price strictly 
lower than the corresponding 7% Price Limit.  
At such time as the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, the 
Exchange shall initiate a 10-minute observation interval.  At the conclusion of such observation 
interval:  
If the Primary Futures Contract Month is not limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, futures trading 
shall continue subject to the corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
If the Primary Futures Contract Month remains limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, futures 
trading shall halt for two (2) minutes, and shall then resume subject to the corresponding 13% 
Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, 
the Exchange shall initiate a 10-minute observation interval.  At the conclusion of such observation 
interval:  
If the Primary Futures Contract Month is not limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, futures trading shall 
continue subject to the corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
If the Primary Futures Contract Month remains limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, futures 
trading shall halt for two (2) minutes, and shall then resume subject to the corresponding 20% 
Price Limit. 
There shall be no futures trading at any price strictly lower than the corresponding 20% Price Limit.       
39103. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 3 
39103.A. 
Final Settlement Price  
For a futures contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be determined on 
the third Friday of such delivery month, and shall be equal to the Index closing value for the third 
Friday of such delivery month. 
If the Index is not scheduled to be published on the third Friday of such delivery month, then such 
Final Settlement Price shall be scheduled for determination on the first preceding Business Day on 
which the Index is scheduled to be published. 
39103.B. 
Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in an expiring futures contract at its termination of trading 
(Rule 39102.G.) shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in accordance 
with normal variation margin procedures based on such expiring contract’s Final Settlement Price 
(Rule 39103.A.).  
39104. 
[RESERVED]  
39105. 
[RESERVED] 
39106. 
BASIS TRADE AT INDEX CLOSE (“BTIC”) TRANSACTIONS 
All BTIC transactions must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 524.B.  
39106.A.  
BTIC Block Trade Requirements  
BTIC block trades must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 526.  
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed on a given Trading Day on or before 3:00 p.m., the 
corresponding futures price shall be assigned by reference to the Index closing value for the 
current Business Day. For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed on a given Business Day after 3:00 
p.m., the corresponding futures price shall be assigned by reference to the Index closing value for 
the next following Business Day.  
39106.B.  
BTIC Price Assignment Procedures  
The price assignment procedures for BTIC transactions shall follow Rule 524.B.3. 
39106.C.  
BTIC Minimum Price Increments 
The valid basis or price increment applied to the Index closing value to establish the BTIC futures 
price must be stated in increments of 0.01 Index points.  
39106.D.  
Market Disruption Events 
In the event of a market disruption, which precludes a valid Index closing value calculation, all 
pending and executed BTIC transactions in the corresponding futures contract shall be cancelled 
by the Exchange. Such disruption shall be declared by the Exchange in its sole discretion, and may 
include, without limitation, an unscheduled early close of the futures trading. 
 
(End Chapter 391) 
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES RELATING TO CHAPTER 391 
E-mini FTSE Emerging Index futures are not in any way sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by FTSE 
International Limited (“FTSE”) or the London Stock Exchange Group companies (“LSEG”) (together the “Licensor 
Parties”), and none of the Licensor Parties makes any claim, prediction, warranty or representation whatsoever, 
expressly or impliedly, either as to (i) the results to be obtained from the use of the FTSE Emerging Index 
(“Index”) (upon which E-mini FTSE Emerging Index futures are based), (ii) the figure at which the Index is said to 
stand at any particular time on any particular day or otherwise, or (iii) the suitability of the Index for the purpose 
to which it is being put in connection with the E-mini FTSE Emerging Index futures.  None of the Licensor Parties 
has provided or will provide any financial or investment advice or recommendation in relation to the Index to 
CME or to its clients.  The Index is calculated by FTSE or its agent.  None of the Licensor Parties shall be (a) 
liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) to any person for any error in the Index or (b) under any obligation to 
advise any person of any error therein.  
All rights in the Index vest in FTSE.  “FTSE®” is a trade mark of LSEG and is used by FTSE under license. 
 
 


 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 5 
 
Chapter 392 
E-mini® IPOX® 100 U.S. Index Futures 
 
39200. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to E-mini IPOX 100 U.S. Index futures (“futures”).  In addition 
to this chapter, futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange as 
applicable. 
Unless otherwise specified, times referenced herein shall refer to and indicate Chicago time. 
39200.A. 
Market Decline 
For the purposes of this chapter a Market Decline shall be as defined in New York Stock Exchange 
Rule 7.12 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or in Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for 
Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
39200.B. 
Primary Listing Exchange 
For the purposes of this chapter a Primary Listing Exchange shall be as defined in the “Plan to 
Address Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission 
Pursuant to Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 
May 2012 by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), as amended from time to 
time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System Plans, File 4-631). 
39200.C. 
Regulatory Halt 
For the purposes of this chapter a Regulatory Halt shall be as defined in the “Plan to Address 
Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission Pursuant to 
Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 May 2012 
by the SEC, as amended from time to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System 
Plans, File 4-631) and as implemented under New York Stock Exchange Rule 7.12 for Trading 
Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or under Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for Trading Halts 
Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
39201. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each futures contract shall be valued at $10.00 times the IPOX® 100 U.S. Index (“Index”). 
39202. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
39202.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
39202.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $10.00 times the Index. 
39202.C. 
Price Increments 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in Index points.  The minimum price increment shall be 0.25 Index 
points, equal to $2.50 per contract. 
39202.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona file commercial purposes shall apply to 
the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
39202.E. 
[Reserved] 
39202.F. 
[Reserved] 
39202.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Trading in expiring futures shall terminate at the regularly scheduled close of trading on the CME 
Globex electronic trading platform (“Globex”) on the Business Day scheduled for determination of 


 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 5 
the Final Settlement Price (Rule 39203.A.) for such futures. 
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of Final Settlement Price determination 
(Rule 39203.A), trading in the expiring futures shall terminate at the close of trading on the New 
York Stock Exchange on the immediately preceding Business Day.  
39202.H. 
[Reserved] 
39202.I. 
Price Limits and Trading Halts 
Futures trading shall be subject to Price Limits as set forth in this Rule.  For the purpose of this 
Rule the Exchange shall determine, in its sole discretion, the futures delivery month that represents 
the Primary Futures Contract Month and when such Primary Futures Contract Month is limit bid or 
limit offered. 
1. Daily Determination of Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, Price Limits applicable to a futures contract for a given delivery month 
shall be calculated on the basis of the corresponding Reference Price (Rule 39202.I.1.a.) and the 
corresponding Offsets (Rule 39202.I.1.b.), as follows: 
 
7% Price Limits = Reference Price minus 7% Offset, and Reference Price plus 7% Offset 
13% Price Limit = Reference Price minus 13% Offset 
20% Price Limit = Reference Price minus 20% Offset 
1.a. Reference Prices for Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, for futures for a given delivery month, the Exchange shall set a contract 
Reference Price on the first preceding Business Day, as follows: 
Tier 1 
 
Such Reference Price shall be based on the volume-weighted average price of transactions in such 
futures on the CME Globex electronic trading platform between 2:59:30 p.m. and 3:00:00 p.m. (or 
between 11:59:30 a.m. and noon in the case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing 
Exchange)  (“reference interval”). 
Tier 2 
 
If no such transaction occurs during the reference interval, then such Reference Price shall be 
based on the average of midpoints of bid/ask spreads for such futures quoted on CME Globex 
during the reference interval, provided that the Reference Price calculation shall exclude the 
midpoint value for any such bid/ask spread that is wider than 2.00 Index points (equal to eight (8) 
minimum price increments).   
Tier 3 
 
If such Reference Price cannot be determined pursuant to Tier 1 or Tier 2, then the Exchange, in its 
sole discretion, shall set such Reference Price by alternative means which may include, but are not 
limited to, derivation by reference to the basis relationship between such futures contract’s price 
and the Index, or application of Tier 1 and Tier 2 calculations to successive time intervals of 
increasing length, in integer multiples of thirty (30) seconds, until suitable price data are obtained. 
The resultant Reference Price value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of 0.50 
Index points.  Such Reference Price, so rounded, shall be used for determination of the 
corresponding Price Limits. 
In the event of an unscheduled early close of the Primary Listing Exchange, such Reference Price 
shall be set by application of these procedures to a Tier 1 reference interval defined as the final 
thirty (30) seconds of the Primary Listing Exchange trading day.  
For newly listed futures for a given delivery month, the Exchange shall set, in its sole discretion, a 
Reference Price value for the purpose of determining Price Limits for the first day of trading in such 
futures.   
1.b. Offsets for Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, the Exchange shall determine Offsets on the basis of the Index value 
(“I”) at the close of trading on the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 39200.B.) on the first preceding 
Business Day, as follows: 
7% Offset = 7% of I (0.07 x I)  
13% Offset = 13% of I (0.13 x I)  
20% Offset = 20% of I (0.20 x I)  
Each resultant Offset value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of 0.50 Index 


 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 5 
points.  Each such Offset, so rounded, shall be used in determination of the corresponding Price 
Limits. 
2. Application of Price Limits from Start of Trading Day to 8:30 a.m. 
From the start of any Trading Day until 8:30 a.m., there shall be no trading in futures for a given 
delivery month at any price that is either strictly lower than or strictly higher than the range defined 
by the 7% Price Limits (Rule 39202.I.1.) applicable to such futures on such Trading Day.  
Without limitation to the foregoing, the start of any Trading Day generally shall coincide with the 
start of the CME Globex trading session at 5:00 p.m. on the evening first preceding such Trading 
Day. 
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as 
set forth in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in 
the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
3. Application of Price Limits and Trading Halts from 8:30 a.m. to 2:25 p.m.  
Except as provided in Rules 39202.I.3.a. and 39202.I.3.b., from 8:30 a.m. until and including 2:25 
p.m., or from 8:30 a.m. until and including 11:25 a.m. in the case of an early scheduled close of the 
Primary Listing Exchange, futures for a given delivery month shall trade subject to the 
corresponding Price Limits (Rule 39202.I.1.), as follows:  
There shall be no futures trading at any price strictly lower than the corresponding 7% Price Limit, 
unless the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 7% Price Limit.  
At such time as the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, the 
Exchange shall initiate a 2-minute observation interval.  At the conclusion of such observation 
interval:  
If the Primary Futures Contract Month is not limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, futures trading shall 
continue subject to the corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
If the Primary Futures Contract Month remains limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, futures trading 
shall halt for two (2) minutes, and shall then resume subject to the corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, 
the Exchange shall initiate a 2-minute observation interval.  At the conclusion of such observation 
interval:  
If the Primary Futures Contract Month is not limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, futures trading shall 
continue subject to the corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
If the Primary Futures Contract Month remains limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, futures trading 
shall halt for two (2) minutes, and shall then resume subject to the corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
There shall be no futures trading at any price strictly lower than the corresponding 20% Price Limit.  
3.a. Regulatory Halts 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt (Rule 39200.C.) in 
response to a Level 1 (7%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt.  When 
trading resumes on the Primary Listing Exchange, futures trading shall resume subject to the 
corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 
2 (13%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt.  When trading resumes on 
the Primary Listing Exchange, futures trading shall resume subject to the corresponding 20% Price 
Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 
3 (20%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt for the remainder of the 
trading session. 
3.b. Unscheduled Non-Regulatory Halts 
If an unscheduled trading halt that is not also a Regulatory Halt occurs on one or more Primary 
Listing Exchanges between 8:30 a.m. and 2.25 p.m., or between 8:30 a.m. and 11:25 a.m. in the 
case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange(s), then futures trading shall be 
subject to such trading halts or such price limits as the Exchange, in its sole discretion, may 
determine to be appropriate.  
4. Application of Price Limits from 2:25 p.m. to 3:00 p.m. 
From 2:25 p.m. to 3:00 p.m., or from 11:25 a.m. to noon in the case of an early scheduled close on 
the Primary Listing Exchange, trading in futures for a given delivery month shall be subject only to 


 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 4 of 5 
the corresponding 20% Price Limit (Rule 39202.I.1.).  
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 
3 (20%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt for the remainder of the 
trading session. 
5. Application of Price Limits from 3:00 p.m. to Close of Trading Day 
From the close of trading on the Primary Listing Exchange at 3:00 p.m., or at noon in the case of an 
early scheduled close on the Primary Listing Exchange, until the close of the current Trading Day, 
trading in futures for a given delivery month shall be subject to an upper Price Limit equal to the 
corresponding Reference Price determined on the current Business Day (Rule 39202.I.1.a.) plus 
the 7% Offset determined on the current Business Day (Rule 39202.I.1.b.). 
Trading in such futures also shall be subject to a lower Price Limit set as the corresponding 
Reference Price determined on the current Business Day minus the 7% Offset determined on the 
current Business Day, provided that such lower Price Limit shall be no lower than the 20% Price 
Limit (Rule 39202.I.1 .) applicable to the current Trading Day. 
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as 
set forth in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in 
the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
Without limitation to the foregoing, the close of the current Trading Day generally shall coincide with 
the close of the CME Globex trading session on such Trading Day.    
39203. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement. 
39203.A. 
Final Settlement Price 
For a futures contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be a special 
opening quotation of the Index.  Such special opening quotation shall be determined on the third 
Friday of such delivery month and shall be based on opening prices of the component stocks of the 
Index. 
If the Index is not scheduled to be published on the third Friday of the contract delivery month, then 
such Final Settlement Price shall be scheduled for determination on the first preceding Business 
Day on which the Index is scheduled to be published. 
If the Primary Listing Exchange for a component stock of the Index does not open on the day 
scheduled for determination of such Final Settlement Price, then for the purpose of calculating such 
Final Settlement Price the price of such component stock shall be its opening price on the next 
following day on which its Primary Listing Exchange is open for trading. 
If a component stock of the Index does not trade on the day scheduled for determination of such 
Final Settlement Price, and the Primary Listing Exchange for such stock is open for trading, then for 
the purpose of calculating such Final Settlement Price the price of such stock shall be its last sale 
price, provided that the Exchange in its sole discretion may instruct that the price of such stock 
shall be its opening price on the next following day that it is traded on its Primary Listing Exchange. 
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of final settlement price determination, the 
Final Settlement Price shall be the Official Index Closing Value published by the index publisher on 
the Business Day immediately preceding the original day of Final Settlement Price determination. 
39203.B. 
Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in an expiring futures contract at its termination of trading 
(Rule 39202.G.) shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in accordance 
with normal variation margin procedures based on such expiring contract’s Final Settlement Price 
(Rule 39203.A.). 
39204. 
[RESERVED]  
39205. 
[RESERVED] 
39206. 
BASIS TRADE AT INDEX CLOSE (“BTIC”) TRANSACTIONS 
All BTIC transactions must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 524.B.  
39206.A. BTIC Block Trade Requirements  
BTIC block trades must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 526.  


 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 5 of 5 
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed on a given Trading Day on or before the scheduled close 
of the Primary Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the 
Index closing value for the current Trading Day.   
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade that is executed on a given Trading Day after the scheduled close 
of the Primary Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the 
Index closing value for the next following Trading Day. 
39206.B. BTIC Price Assignment Procedures  
The price assignment procedures for BTIC transactions shall follow Rule 524.B.3. 
 
39206.C. BTIC Order Minimum Price Increments 
The minimum price increment shall be 0.25 Index points, equal to $2.50 per contract, for any basis 
adjustment that is applied to an Index closing price to establish a BTIC transaction price.  
39206.D. Market Disruption Events  
In the event of a market disruption in the Primary Listing Exchange, all pending and executed BTIC 
transactions in the corresponding futures contract shall be cancelled by the Exchange. Such 
disruption shall be declared by the Exchange in its sole discretion, and may include, without 
limitation, an unscheduled early close of the Primary Listing Exchange or a NYSE Rule 7.12 trading 
halt declared in response to a Level 3 (20%) decline in the S&P 500 Index that necessitates an 
early close of the Primary Listing Exchange.  
39206.E. [Reserved]  
 
 
(End Chapter 392) 
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES RELATING TO CHAPTER 392 
IPOX® is a registered international trademark of IPOX Schuster LLC (www.ipox.com), used here under license. 
 
 
 


 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 1 of 5 
 
Chapter 393 
E-mini® Russell 2000® Index Futures 
 
39300. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to E-mini® Russell 2000® Index futures (“futures”). In addition to this 
chapter, futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange as applicable. 
Unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate Chicago time. 
39300.A. Market Decline  
For the purposes of this chapter a Market Decline shall be as defined in New York Stock Exchange Rule 
7.12 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or in Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for Trading 
Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility.  
39300.B. Primary Listing Exchange  
For the purposes of this chapter a Primary Listing Exchange shall be as defined in the “Plan to Address 
Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission Pursuant to Rule 
608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 May 2012 by the U.S. 
Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), as amended from time to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, 
National Market System Plans, File 4-631).  
39300.C. Regulatory Halt  
For the purposes of this chapter a Regulatory Halt shall be as defined in the “Plan to Address 
Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission Pursuant to Rule 
608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 May 2012 by the SEC, 
as amended from time to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System Plans, File 4-631) and 
as implemented under New York Stock Exchange Rule 7.12 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary 
Volatility or under Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
39301. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
 
 
 
Each futures contract shall be valued at $50.00 times the Russell 2000 Index (“Index”). 
39302. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
39302.A. Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months as 
may be determined by the Exchange. 
39302.B. Trading Unit 
The unit of trade shall be $50.00 times the Index. 
39302.C. Price Increments 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in Index points.  Subject to Rule 39306.C., the minimum price increment 
shall be 0.10 Index points, equal to $5.00 per contract, except for intermonth spreads executed pursuant 
to Rule 542.A., for which the minimum price increment shall be 0.05 Index points, equal to $2.50 per 
intermonth spread. 
39302.D. Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set forth 
in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to the 
Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions 
from the specified position limits. 
39302.E. [Reserved] 
39302.F. [Reserved] 
39302.G. Termination of Trading 
Trading in expiring futures shall terminate at the regularly scheduled start of trading on the New York 
Stock Exchange on the Business Day scheduled for determination of the Final Settlement Price (Rule 


 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 2 of 5 
39303.A.) for such futures. 
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of Final Settlement Price determination (Rule 
39303.A), trading in the expiring futures shall terminate at the close of trading on the New York Stock 
Exchange on the immediately preceding Business Day.  
39302.H. [Reserved] 
39302.I. Price Limits and Trading Halts 
Futures trading shall be subject to Price Limits as set forth in this Rule. For the purpose of this Rule the 
Exchange shall determine, in its sole discretion, the futures delivery month that represents the Primary 
Futures Contract Month and when such Primary Futures Contract Month is limit bid or limit offered. 
1. Daily Determination of Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, Price Limits applicable to a futures contract for a given delivery month shall be 
calculated on the basis of the corresponding Reference Price (Rule 39302.I.1.a.) and the corresponding 
Offsets (Rule 39302.I.1.b.), as follows: 
7% Price Limits = Reference Price minus 7% Offset, and Reference Price plus 7% Offset 
13% Price Limit = Reference Price minus 13% Offset 
20% Price Limit = Reference Price minus 20% Offset 
1.a. Reference Prices for Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, for futures for a given delivery month, the Exchange shall set a contract 
Reference Price on the first preceding Business Day, as follows: 
Tier 1 
Such Reference Price shall be based on the volume-weighted average price of transactions in such 
futures on the CME Globex electronic trading platform during the interval (i) between 2:59:30 p.m. and 
3:00:00 p.m., or (ii) in the case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange, between 
11:59:30 a.m. and noon, or (iii) in the event of an unscheduled early close of the Primary Listing Exchange, 
the final thirty (30) seconds of the Primary Listing Exchange trading day (“Reference Interval”). 
Tier 2 
If no such transaction occurs during the Reference Interval, then such Reference Price shall be based on 
the average of midpoints of bid/ask spreads for such futures quoted on CME Globex during the Reference 
Interval, provided that the Reference Price calculation shall exclude the midpoint value for any such 
bid/ask spread that is wider than 0.20 Index points (equal to two (2) minimum price increments). 
Tier 3 
If such Reference Price cannot be determined pursuant to Tier 1 or Tier 2, then the Exchange, in its sole 
discretion, shall set such Reference Price by alternative means which may include, but are not limited to, 
derivation by reference to the basis relationship between such futures contract’s price and the Index, or 
application of Tier 1 and Tier 2 calculations to successive time intervals of increasing length, in integer 
multiples of thirty (30) seconds, until suitable price data are obtained. 
The resultant Reference Price value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of 0.10 Index 
point. Such Reference Price, so rounded, shall be used for determination of the corresponding Price 
Limits. 
For newly listed futures for a given delivery month, the Exchange shall set, in its sole discretion, a 
Reference Price value for the purpose of determining Price Limits for the first day of trading in such 
futures. 
1.b. Offsets for Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, the Exchange shall determine Offsets on the basis of the Index value (“I”) at 
the close of trading on the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 39300.B.) on the first preceding Business Day, 
as follows: 
7% Offset = 7% of I (0.07 x I) 
13% Offset = 13% of I (0.13 x I) 
20% Offset = 20% of I (0.20 x I) 
Each resultant Offset value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of 0.10 Index point. 
Each such Offset, so rounded, shall be used in determination of the corresponding Price Limits. 
2. Application of Price Limits from Start of Trading Day to 8:30 a.m. 
From the start of any Trading Day until 8:30 a.m., there shall be no trading in futures for a given delivery 
month at any price that is either strictly lower than or strictly higher than the range defined by the 7% Price 


 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 3 of 5 
Limits (Rule 39302.I.1.) applicable to such futures on such Trading Day. 
Without limitation to the foregoing, the start of any Trading Day generally shall coincide with the start of 
the CME Globex trading session at 5:00 p.m. on the evening first preceding such Trading Day. 
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as set forth 
in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
3. Application of Price Limits and Trading Halts from 8:30 a.m. to 2:25 p.m. 
Except as provided in Rules 39302.I.3.a. and 39302.I.3.b., from 8:30 a.m. until and including 2:25 p.m., 
or from 8:30 a.m. until and including 11:25 a.m. in the case of an early scheduled close of the Primary 
Listing Exchange, futures for a given delivery month shall trade subject to the corresponding Price Limits 
(Rule 39302.I.1.), as follows: 
There shall be no futures trading at any price strictly lower than the corresponding 7% Price Limit, unless 
the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 7% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, the 
Exchange shall initiate a 2-minute observation interval. At the conclusion of such observation interval: 
If the Primary Futures Contract Month is not limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, futures trading shall continue 
subject to the corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
If the Primary Futures Contract Month remains limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, futures trading shall halt 
for two (2) minutes, and shall then resume subject to the corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, the 
Exchange shall initiate a 2-minute observation interval. At the conclusion of such observation interval: 
If the Primary Futures Contract Month is not limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, futures trading shall 
continue subject to the corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
If the Primary Futures Contract Month remains limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, futures trading shall 
halt for two (2) minutes, and shall then resume subject to the corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
 
 
 
There shall be no futures trading at any price strictly lower than the corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
3.a. Regulatory Halts 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt (Rule 39300.C.) in response 
to a Level 1 (7%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt. Futures trading shall 
resume 10 minutes after the Regulatory Halt commences on the Primary Listing Exchange subject to the 
corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 2 
(13%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt. Futures trading shall resume 10 
minutes after the Regulatory Halt commences on the Primary Listing Exchange subject to the 
corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 3 
(20%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt for the remainder of the trading 
session. 
3.b. Unscheduled Non-Regulatory Halts  
If an unscheduled trading halt that is not also a Regulatory Halt occurs on one or more Primary Listing 
Exchanges between 8:30 a.m. and 2.25 p.m., or between 8:30 a.m. and 11:25 a.m. in the case of an early 
scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange(s), then futures trading shall be subject to such trading 
halts or such price limits as the Exchange, in its sole discretion, may determine to be appropriate.  
4. Application of Price Limits from 2:25 p.m. to 3:00 p.m.  
From 2:25 p.m. to 3:00 p.m., or from 11:25 a.m. to noon in the case of an early scheduled close on the 
Primary Listing Exchange, trading in futures for a given delivery month shall be subject only to the 
corresponding 20% Price Limit (Rule 39302.I.1.).  
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 3 
(20%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt for the remainder of the trading 
session.  
5. Application of Price Limits from 3:00 p.m. to Close of Trading Day  
From the close of trading on the Primary Listing Exchange at 3:00 p.m., or at noon in the case of an early 
scheduled close on the Primary Listing Exchange, until the close of the current Trading Day, trading in 
futures for a given delivery month shall be subject to an upper Price Limit equal to the corresponding 


 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 4 of 5 
Reference Price determined on the current Business Day (Rule 39302.I.1.a.) plus the 7% Offset 
determined on the current Business Day (Rule 39302.I.1.b.).  
Trading in such futures also shall be subject to a lower Price Limit set as the corresponding Reference 
Price determined on the current Business Day minus the 7% Offset determined on the current Business 
Day, provided that such lower Price Limit shall be no lower than the 20% Price Limit (Rule 39302.I.1.) 
applicable to the current Trading Day.  
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as set forth 
in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
Without limitation to the foregoing, the close of the current Trading Day generally shall coincide with the 
close of the CME Globex trading session on such Trading Day. 
39303. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
 
 
 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement. 
39303.A. Final Settlement Price  
For a futures contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be a special opening 
quotation of the Index.  Such special opening quotation shall be determined on the third Friday of such 
delivery month and shall be based on opening prices of the component stocks of the Index. 
If the Index is not scheduled to be published on the third Friday of the contract delivery month, then such 
Final Settlement Price shall be scheduled for determination on the first preceding Business Day on which 
the Index is scheduled to be published. 
If the Primary Listing Exchange for a component stock in the Index does not open on the day scheduled 
for determination of the Final Settlement Price, then the price of that stock shall be determined, for the 
purposes of calculating the Final Settlement Price, based on the opening price of that stock on the next 
day that its Primary Listing Exchange is open for trading.  
If a component stock of the Index does not trade on the day scheduled for determination of such Final 
Settlement Price, and the Primary Listing Exchange for such stock is open for trading, then for the purpose 
of calculating such Final Settlement Price the price of such stock shall be its last sale price, provided that 
the Exchange in its sole discretion may instruct that the price of such stock shall be its opening price on 
the next following day that it is traded on its Primary Listing Exchange. 
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of final settlement price determination, the Final 
Settlement Price shall be the Official Index Closing Value published by the index publisher on the 
Business Day immediately preceding the original day of Final Settlement Price determination. 
39303.B. Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in an expiring futures contract at its termination of trading (Rule 
39302.G.) shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in accordance with normal 
variation margin procedures based on such expiring contract’s Final Settlement Price (Rule 39303.A.). 
39304. 
[RESERVED]  
39305. 
[RESERVED] 
39306. 
BASIS TRADE AT INDEX CLOSE (“BTIC”), BASIS TRADE AT CASH OPEN (“TACO”) 
TRANSACTIONS, AND TRADE MARKER AT CLOSE (“TMAC”) TRANSACTIONS 
All BTIC transactions, TACO transactions, and TMAC transactions must be executed in accordance with 
the requirements of Rules 524.B., 524.C., and 524.D., respectively. 
39306.A. Block Trade Requirements 
1. BTIC block trades must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 526. For a BTIC or 
BTIC block trade executed on a given Trading Day on or before the scheduled close of the Primary 
Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the Index closing 
value for the current Trading Day. For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed on a given Trading Day 
after the scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be 
made by reference to the Index closing value for the next Trading Day. 
2.  TACO block trades must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 526. For a TACO 
block trade executed on a given Trading Day on or before the scheduled opening auction on the 
Primary Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the Index 
special opening quotation (“SOQ”) for such Trading Day. For a TACO block trade executed on a given 
Trading Day after the scheduled start of the opening auction on the Primary Listing Exchange, the 
corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the SOQ for the next Trading Day.  


 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 5 of 5 
3. TMAC block trades must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 526.  For a TMAC 
or TMAC block trade executed on a given Trading Day on or before the scheduled calculation of the 
underlying Marker, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the Marker price for 
the current Trading Day.  For a TMAC or TMAC block trade executed on a given Trading Day after 
the scheduled calculation of the underlying Marker, the corresponding futures price shall be made by 
reference to the Marker price for the next Trading Day.  
39306.B. Price Assignment Procedures 
1. The price assignment procedures for BTIC transactions shall follow Rule 524.B.3.  
2.  The futures price of a TACO transaction made by reference to the Index SOQ for a given Trading Day 
shall be determined by the Exchange following the publication of the Index SOQ. No revisions to the 
price shall be made until the close of the next Business Day.  
3. The price assignment procedures for TMAC transactions shall follow Rule 524.D.3. 
 
             i. for the Marker at U.S. close, the Marker price shall be based on the volume-weighted 
average price of transactions in such futures on the CME Globex electronic trading platform 
during the interval (i) between 2:59:30 p.m. and 3:00:00 p.m., or (ii) in the case of an early 
scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange, between 11:59:30 a.m. and noon, 
rounded to the nearest 0.01 Index point. 
39306.C. Minimum Price Increments 
The valid basis or price increment applied either to the Index closing value to establish the BTIC futures 
price, to the Index SOQ to establish the TACO futures price, or to the Marker value to establish the TMAC 
futures price must be an integer multiple of the contract minimum price increment stated in full tick 
increments of 0.05 index points.  
39306.D.  
Market Disruption Events 
In the event of a market disruption in the Primary Listing Exchange, all pending and executed BTIC 
transactions and TMAC transactions in the corresponding futures contract shall be cancelled by the 
Exchange. Such disruption shall be declared by the Exchange in its sole discretion, and may include, 
without limitation, an unscheduled early close of the Primary Listing Exchange or a NYSE Rule 7.12 
trading halt declared in response to a Level 3 (20%) decline in the S&P 500 Index that necessitates an 
early close of the Primary Listing Exchange.  
 
(End Chapter 393) 
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES RELATING TO CHAPTER 393 
Neither Frank Russell Company’s publication of the Russell Indexes nor its licensing of its trademarks for use in 
connection with securities or other financial products derived from a Russell Index in any way suggests or implies a 
representation or opinion by Frank Russell Company as to the attractiveness of investment in any securities or other 
financial products based upon or derived from any Russell Index. Frank Russell Company is not the issuer of any such 
securities or other financial products and makes no express or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for any 
particular purpose with respect to any Russell Index or any data included or reflected therein, nor as to results to be 
obtained by any person or any entity from the use of the Russell Index or any data included or reflected therein. 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 1 of 7 
 
Chapter 393A 
Options on E-mini® Russell 2000® Index Futures 
 
393A00. SCOPE OF CHAPTER  
This chapter is limited in application to options on E-mini® Russell 2000® Index futures (“futures”). In 
addition to this chapter, options on futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the 
Exchange as applicable.  
Unless otherwise specified, times referenced herein shall refer to and indicate Chicago time.  
393A00.A. Primary Listing Exchange  
For the purposes of this chapter a Primary Listing Exchange shall be as defined in the “Plan to Address 
Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission Pursuant to Rule 608 
of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 May 2012 by the U.S. 
Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), as amended from time to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, 
National Market System Plans, File 4-631).  
393A00.B. Regulatory Halt  
For the purposes of this chapter a Regulatory Halt shall be as defined in the “Plan to Address Extraordinary 
Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission Pursuant to Rule 608 of Regulation 
NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 May 2012 by the SEC, as amended from 
time to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System Plans, File 4-631) and as implemented under 
New York Stock Exchange Rule 7.12 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or under Nasdaq 
Stock Market Rule 4121 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility.  
393A01. OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS  
393A01.A. Contract Months, Trading Hours, and Trading Halts  
Options shall be listed for expiration on such dates and shall be scheduled for trading during such hours 
as may be determined by the Exchange, provided that there shall be no trading in options when trading is 
halted in the Primary Futures Contract Month pursuant to Rule 39302.I  
In accordance with Rule 39302.I. the Exchange shall determine, in its sole discretion, the futures delivery 
month that represents such Primary Futures Contract Month and when such Primary Futures Contract 
Month is limit bid or limit offered.  
393A01.B. Trading Unit  
The trading unit shall be an option to buy in the case of a call, or to sell in the case of a put, one E-mini 
Russell 2000 Index futures contract (Chapter 393).  
393A01.C. Minimum Fluctuations  
Option prices shall be quoted in Index points. Each Index point shall represent $50.00 per option contract.  
Subject to Rule 393A01.C.1., the minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.1 Index points (equal to $5.00 per 
option contract), for trades executed on CME Globex electronic trading platform, provided that trades at 
price levels equal to or less than five (5) Index points may occur at price levels that are integer multiples 
of 0.05 Index points (equal to $2.50 per option contract), and provided that trade may occur at a price level 
of 0.05 Index points irrespective of whether such trade results in the liquidation of positions for both parties 
to such trade. For transactions submitted for clearing via CME ClearPort, the minimum price increment 
shall be 0.05 Index points, regardless of the price level. 
1. Option Spreads and Combinations  
Any option contract that trades as a component of a spread or combination shall be traded at a price that 
conforms to the applicable CME Globex minimum price fluctuation as set forth in this Rule, provided that 
for any option spread or combination that trades at a net premium of five (5) Index points or less, each 
option contract comprised within such spread or combination may trade in price increments of 0.05 Index 
points. For spread and combination transactions submitted for clearing via CME ClearPort, the minimum 
price increment shall be 0.05 Index points, regardless of the price level. 
 
 
 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 2 of 7 
 
393A01.D. Underlying Futures Contract  
1. American Style Options in the March Quarterly Cycle (“Quarterly options”)  
For any American style option for which the expiration month is in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., March, 
June, September, or December), the Underlying Futures Contract shall be for delivery in such option’s 
expiration month.  
Example: For a given year, futures for delivery in March shall be the Underlying Futures Contract for a 
March Quarterly option.  
2. European Style Weekly Options  
For any European style Weekly option, the Underlying Futures Contract shall be for delivery on the third 
Friday of the March quarterly cycle month next following such option’s expiration, subject to Rule 39303.A.  
Examples: For a given year, futures for delivery in June shall be the Underlying Futures Contract for third 
(3rd) March, fourth (4th) March, first (1st) April, second (2nd) April, third (3rd) April, fourth (4th) April, first 
(1st) May, second (2nd) May, third (3rd) May, fourth (4th) May, first (1st) June, and second (2nd) June 
European style Weekly options. Futures for delivery in September shall be the Underlying Futures Contract 
for third (3rd) June and fourth (4th) June European style Weekly options.  
The Exchange shall not list a European style Fourth Weekly option for trading in any instance where such 
option’s expiration would occur on the last Business Day of a month.  
3. European Style Monday Weekly Options 
For any European style Monday Weekly option, the Underlying Futures Contract shall be for delivery on 
the third Friday of the March quarterly cycle month next following such option’s expiration, subject to Rule 
39303.A. 
The Exchange shall not list a European style Monday Weekly option for trading in any instance where such 
option’s expiration would occur on the last Business Day of a month.  
4. European Style Tuesday Weekly Options 
For any European style Tuesday Weekly option, the Underlying Futures Contract shall be for delivery on 
the third Friday of the March quarterly cycle month next following such option’s expiration, subject to Rule 
39303.A. 
The Exchange shall not list a European style Tuesday Weekly option for trading in any instance where 
such option’s expiration would occur on the last Business Day of a month.  
5. European Style Wednesday Weekly Options 
For any European style Wednesday Weekly option, the Underlying Futures Contract shall be for delivery 
on the third Friday of the March quarterly cycle month next following such option’s expiration, subject to 
Rule 39303.A. 
The Exchange shall not list a European style Wednesday Weekly option for trading in any instance where 
such option’s expiration would occur on the last Business Day of a month.  
6. European Style Thursday Weekly Options 
For any European style Thursday Weekly option, the Underlying Futures Contract shall be for delivery on 
the third Friday of the March quarterly cycle month next following such option’s expiration, subject to Rule 
39303.A. 
The Exchange shall not list a European style Thursday Weekly option for trading in any instance where 
such option’s expiration would occur on the last Business Day of a month.  
7. European Style End-of-Month Options  
For any European style End-of-Month option, the Underlying Futures Contract shall be for delivery on the 
third Friday of the March quarterly cycle month next following such option’s expiration, subject to Rule 
39303.A.  
Examples: For a given year, futures for delivery in March shall be the Underlying Futures Contract for a 
January European style End-of-Month option and for a February European style End-of-Month option. 
Futures for delivery in June shall be the Underlying Futures Contract for a March European style End-of-
Month option.  
393A01.E. Exercise Prices  
Transactions and exercise of options shall be conducted for options contracts as set forth in the Strike 
Price Listing and Exercise Procedures Table. 
The Exchange may modify the provisions governing the establishment of exercise prices as it deems 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 3 of 7 
 
appropriate. 
393A01.F. Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels  
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set forth 
in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5.  
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to the 
Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion.  
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions from 
the specified position limits.  
393A01.G. Nature of Options  
Upon exercise of a put option by the buyer of such option, the seller of such option shall incur the obligation 
to assume a long position in one Underlying Futures Contract (Rule 393A01.D.) at such option’s exercise 
price (Rule 393A01.E.). Upon exercise of a call option by the buyer of such option, the seller of such option 
shall incur the obligation to assume a short position in one Underlying Futures Contract at such option’s 
exercise price.  
1. Quarterly Options  
The buyer of a Quarterly option (Rule 393A01.D.1.) may exercise such option at any time prior to its 
expiration.  
2. European Style Weekly Options, European Style Monday Weekly Options, European Style 
Tuesday Weekly Options, European Style Wednesday Weekly Options, European Style Thursday 
Weekly Options, and European Style End-of-Month Options  
The buyer of a European style Weekly option (Rule 393A01.D.2.), a European style Monday Weekly option 
(Rule 393A01.D.3.), a European style Tuesday Weekly option (Rule 393A01.D.4.), a European style 
Wednesday Weekly option (Rule 393A01.D.5.), a European style Thursday Weekly option (Rule 
393A01.D.6.) or a European style End-of-Month option (Rule 393A01.D.7.) may exercise such option only 
at its expiration.  
393A01.H. [Reserved]  
393A01.I. Termination of Trading  
1. Quarterly Options  
Trading in any Quarterly option shall terminate on the same date and at the same time as the termination 
of trading in such option’s Underlying Futures Contract (Rule 393A01.D.1.).  
2. European Style Weekly Options  
Trading in any European style Weekly option shall terminate at 3:00 p.m., or at noon in the case of an early 
scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 393A00.A.), on the Friday designated by the 
Exchange as such option’s expiration date. For a given calendar month:  
Trading shall terminate in European style First Weekly options, and such options shall expire, on the first 
Friday of such month.  
Trading shall terminate in European style Second Weekly options, and such options shall expire, on the 
second Friday of such month. 
Trading shall terminate in European style Third Weekly options, and such options shall expire, on the third 
Friday of such month.  
Trading shall terminate in European style Fourth Weekly options, and such options shall expire, on the 
fourth Friday of such month.  
The Exchange shall not list European style Fourth Weekly options for any month wherein the fourth Friday 
is the last Business Day of such month.  
If the market in the Underlying Futures Contract for such option does not open on the day scheduled for 
termination of option trading and for option expiration, then trading in such option shall terminate, and such 
option shall expire, on the next day on which the market in such Underlying Futures Contract is open for 
trading.  
3. European Style Monday Weekly Options 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 4 of 7 
 
Trading in any European style Monday Weekly option shall terminate at 3:00 p.m., or at noon in the case 
of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 393A00.A.), on the Monday designated 
as such option’s expiration date. For a given calendar month:  
Trading shall terminate in European style First Monday Weekly options, and such options shall expire, on 
the first Monday of such month. 
Trading shall terminate in European style Second Monday Weekly options, and such options shall expire, 
on the second Monday of such month. 
Trading shall terminate in European style Third Monday Weekly options, and such options shall expire, on 
the third Monday of such month. 
Trading shall terminate in European style Fourth Monday Weekly options, and such options shall expire, 
on the fourth Monday of such month. 
Trading shall terminate in European style Fifth Monday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the fifth Monday of such month. 
If the market in the Underlying Futures Contract for such option does not open on the day scheduled for 
termination of option trading and for option expiration, then trading in such option shall terminate, and such 
option shall expire, on the next day on which the market in such Underlying Futures Contract is open for 
trading. 
4. European Style Tuesday Weekly Options 
Trading in any European style Tuesday Weekly option shall terminate at 3:00 p.m., or at noon in the case 
of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 393A00.A.), on the Tuesday designated 
as such option’s expiration date. For a given calendar month:  
Trading shall terminate in European style First Tuesday Weekly options, and such options shall expire, on 
the first Tuesday of such month. 
Trading shall terminate in European style Second Tuesday Weekly options, and such options shall expire, 
on the second Tuesday of such month. 
Trading shall terminate in European style Third Tuesday Weekly options, and such options shall expire, 
on the third Tuesday of such month. 
Trading shall terminate in European style Fourth Tuesday Weekly options, and such options shall expire, 
on the fourth Tuesday of such month. 
Trading shall terminate in European style Fifth Tuesday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the fifth Tuesday of such month. 
If the market in the Underlying Futures Contract for such option does not open on the day scheduled for 
termination of option trading and for option expiration, then trading in such option shall terminate, and such 
option shall expire, on the next day on which the market in such Underlying Futures Contract is open for 
trading. 
5. European Style Wednesday Weekly Options 
Trading in any European style Wednesday Weekly option shall terminate at 3:00 p.m., or at noon in the 
case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 393A00.A.), on the Wednesday 
designated as such option’s expiration date. For a given calendar month:  
Trading shall terminate in European style First Wednesday Weekly options, and such options shall expire, 
on the first Wednesday of such month. 
Trading shall terminate in European style Second Wednesday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the second Wednesday of such month. 
Trading shall terminate in European style Third Wednesday Weekly options, and such options shall expire, 
on the third Wednesday of such month. 
Trading shall terminate in European style Fourth Wednesday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the fourth Wednesday of such month. 
Trading shall terminate in European style Fifth Wednesday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the fifth Wednesday of such month. 
If the market in the Underlying Futures Contract for such option does not open on the day scheduled for 
termination of option trading and for option expiration, then trading in such option shall terminate, and such 
option shall expire, on the next day on which the market in such Underlying Futures Contract is open for 
trading. 
6. European Style Thursday Weekly Options 
Trading in any European style Thursday Weekly option shall terminate at 3:00 p.m., or at noon in the case 
of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 393A00.A.), on the Thursday designated 
as such option’s expiration date. For a given calendar month:  


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 5 of 7 
 
Trading shall terminate in European style First Thursday Weekly options, and such options shall expire, 
on the first Thursday of such month. 
Trading shall terminate in European style Second Thursday Weekly options, and such options shall expire, 
on the second Thursday of such month. 
Trading shall terminate in European style Third Thursday Weekly options, and such options shall expire, 
on the third Thursday of such month. 
Trading shall terminate in European style Fourth Thursday Weekly options, and such options shall expire, 
on the fourth Thursday of such month. 
Trading shall terminate in European style Fifth Thursday Weekly options, and such options shall 
expire, on the fifth Thursday of such month. 
If the market in the Underlying Futures Contract for such option does not open on the day scheduled for 
termination of option trading and for option expiration, then trading in such option shall terminate, and such 
option shall expire, on the next day on which the market in such Underlying Futures Contract is open for 
trading. 
7. European Style End-Of-Month Options  
Trading in any European style End-of-Month option shall terminate at 3:00 p.m., or at noon in the case of 
an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 393A00.A.), on the last Business Day of 
such option’s expiration month.  
If the market in the Underlying Futures Contract for such option does not open on the day scheduled for 
termination of option trading, then trading in such option shall terminate, and such option shall expire, on 
the next day on which the market in such Underlying Futures Contract is open for trading.  
393A01.J. [Reserved]  
393A02.  
EXERCISE AND ASSIGNMENT  
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to the 
exercise of options.  
393A02.A. Exercise of Option by Buyer  
1. Quarterly Options  
Any Quarterly option (Rule 393A01.D.1.) may be exercised by the buyer on any Business Day on which 
such option may be traded. To exercise such option, the clearing member representing the option buyer 
shall present an exercise notice to the Clearing House by 5:30 p.m., or by such other time as the Exchange 
may designate, on the day of exercise.  
Any unexercised option shall expire at 5:30 p.m. on the last day of trading in such option (Rule 393A01.I.). 
Any option that is in the money, and that has not been liquidated or exercised prior to its termination of 
trading, shall be exercised automatically upon expiration, in the absence of contrary instructions. Such 
contrary instructions must be delivered to the Clearing House, by the clearing member representing the 
buyer of such option, no later than 5:30 p.m., or such other time as may be designated by the Exchange, 
on the last day of trading in such option.  
A call option shall be in the money if the settlement price of such option’s Underlying Futures Contract 
(Rule 393A01.D.) on the last day of trading in such option (Rule 393A01.I.) is strictly above such option’s 
exercise price, and shall be out of the money if such settlement price is at or below such option’s exercise 
price.  
A put option shall be in the money if the settlement price of such option’s Underlying Futures Contract on 
the last day of trading in such option is strictly below such option’s exercise price, and shall be out of the 
money if such settlement price is at or above such option’s exercise price.  
2. European Style Weekly Options, European Style Monday Weekly Options, European Style 
Tuesday Weekly Options, European Style Wednesday Weekly Options, European Style Thursday 
Weekly Options, and European Style End-of-Month Options  
Any European style Weekly option (Rule 393A01.D.2.), European style Monday Weekly option (Rule 
393A01.D.3.), European style Tuesday Weekly option (Rule 393A01.D.4.),  European style Wednesday 
Weekly option (Rule 393A01.D.5.), European style Thursday Weekly option (Rule 393A01.D.6.), or 
European style End-of-Month option (Rule 393A01.D.7.) may be exercised only at, and not before, 
expiration of such option.  
Following termination of trading in expiring options, any such option that is in the money shall be 
automatically exercised by the Clearing House, and any such option that is out of the money shall be 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 6 of 7 
 
abandoned by the Clearing House. For the avoidance of doubt, no such option that expires in the money 
may be abandoned, and no such option that expires out of the money may be exercised.  
Whether an option expires in the money or out of the money shall be determined by the Exchange, in its 
sole discretion, by reference to the Fixing Price of such option’s Underlying Futures Contract (Rule 
393A01.D.). The Exchange, in its sole discretion, shall set such Fixing Price on the last day of trading in 
such option, as follows:  
Tier 1  
Such Fixing Price shall be based on the volume-weighted average price of transactions in such Underlying 
Futures Contract on the CME Globex electronic trading platform between 2:59:30 p.m. and 3:00:00 p.m. 
(or between 11:59:30 a.m. and noon in the case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing 
Exchange) (“reference interval”).  
Tier 2  
If no such transaction occurs during the reference interval, then such Fixing Price shall be based on the 
average of midpoints of bid/ask spreads for such futures quoted on CME Globex during the reference 
interval, provided that the Fixing Price calculation shall exclude the midpoint value for any such bid/ask 
spread that is wider than 0.20 Index points.  
Tier 3  
If such Fixing Price cannot be determined pursuant to Tier 1 or Tier 2, or if an unscheduled nonregulatory 
halt in CME Globex trading in such Underlying Futures Contract occurs between 2:58:00 p.m. and 3:00:00 
p.m., then such Fixing Price shall be based on the average transaction price during the reference interval 
of the CME E-mini® Russell 2000® Index Futures contract (Chapter 393) for the same delivery month as 
such option’s Underlying Futures Contract (Rule 393A01.D.).  
Tier 4  
If such Fixing Price cannot be determined pursuant to Tier 1, Tier 2, or Tier 3, then the Exchange, in its 
sole discretion, shall set such Fixing Price by alternative means which may include, but are not limited to, 
derivation by reference to the basis relationship between such futures contract’s price and the Index, or 
application of Tier 1, Tier 2, or Tier 3 calculations to successive time intervals of increasing length, in 
integer multiples of thirty (30) seconds, until suitable price data are obtained.  
The resultant Fixing Price value shall be rounded to the nearest integer multiple of 0.01 Index points. Such 
Fixing Price, so rounded, shall be used to determine whether an option expires in the money or out of the 
money.  
If, at the time such Fixing Price is scheduled to be calculated in respect of expiring options, the Primary 
Listing Exchange (Rule 393A00.A.) is subject to a Regulatory Halt (Rule 393A00.B.), and the Primary 
Futures Contract Month is limit offered at the maximum price limit permissible during such Regulatory Halt 
pursuant to Rule 39302.I., then (a) such option shall expire at 8:31 a.m. on the next following Business 
Day on which a Regulatory Halt is not in effect, and (b) the Fixing Price in respect of such option shall be 
calculated in accordance with the corresponding provisions of this Rule, on the basis of a reference interval 
beginning at 8:30:30 a.m. and concluding at 8:31:00 a.m. If, during any portion of the 30-second period 
from 8:30:30 a.m. – 8:31:00 a.m. CT, there is a Level 1 or Level 2 Regulatory Halt in effect, the Fixing Price 
shall be calculated using trades consummated during the 30-second period commencing with the lifting of 
such Regulatory Halt.  If a subsequent Regulatory Halt is declared during this 30-second period, the 
calculation of the Fixing Price shall be based strictly on those trades consummated prior to such 
subsequent Regulatory Halt. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in the event there is a Level 1 or Level 2 Regulatory Halt during the time period 
of 8:30:30 – 8:31:00 am CT, no trades during that time period (8:30:30 – 8:31:00 am CT) will be used in 
the calculation of the Fixing Price.  
An expiring call option shall be in the money if the corresponding Fixing Price is at or above such option’s 
exercise price, and shall be out of the money if the corresponding Fixing Price is strictly below such option’s 
exercise price.  
An expiring put option shall be in the money if the corresponding Fixing Price is strictly below such option’s 
exercise price, and shall be out of the money if the corresponding Fixing Price is at or above such option’s 
exercise price.  
393A02.B. Assignment  
For a given option contract, an exercise notice accepted by the Clearing House in accordance with Rules 
393A02.A. shall be assigned by the Clearing House through a process of random selection to clearing 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 7 of 7 
 
members carrying open short positions in such option contract. A clearing member to whom such exercise 
notice has been assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as practicable following such assignment.  
The clearing member to whom such exercise notice has been assigned shall be assigned a short position 
in such option’s Underlying Futures Contract (Rules 393A01.D.) if such option is a call, or a long position 
in such option’s Underlying Futures Contract if such option is a put. The clearing member representing the 
option buyer making exercise shall be assigned a long position in such option’s Underlying Futures 
Contract if such option is a call, or a short position in such option’s Underlying Futures Contract if such 
option is a put.  
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of such option contract, 
and shall be marked to market (in accordance with Rule 814) on the Business Day on which the Clearing 
House accepts such exercise notice.  
 393A03.  [RESERVED]  
393A04.  [RESERVED] 
393A05.-29. [RESERVED]  
 
(End Chapter 393A) 
  
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES RELATING TO CHAPTER 393A 
Neither Frank Russell Company’s publication of the Russell Indexes nor its licensing of its trademarks for use in 
connection with securities or other financial products derived from a Russell Index in any way suggests or implies a 
representation or opinion by Frank Russell Company as to the attractiveness of investment in any securities or other 
financial products based upon or derived from any Russell Index. Frank Russell Company is not the issuer of any such 
securities or other financial products and makes no express or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for any 
particular purpose with respect to any Russell Index or any data included or reflected therein, nor as to results to be 
obtained by any person or any entity from the use of the Russell Index or any data included or reflected therein. 
 


 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 1 of 5 
 
Chapter 394 
E-mini® Russell 2000® Growth Index Futures 
 
39400. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to E-mini® Russell 2000® Growth Index futures (“futures”). In addition 
to this chapter, futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange as applicable. 
Unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate Chicago time. 
39400.A. Market Decline  
For the purposes of this chapter a Market Decline shall be as defined in New York Stock Exchange Rule 
7.12 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or in Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for Trading 
Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility.  
39400.B. Primary Listing Exchange  
For the purposes of this chapter a Primary Listing Exchange shall be as defined in the “Plan to Address 
Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission Pursuant to Rule 
608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 May 2012 by the U.S. 
Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), as amended from time to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, 
National Market System Plans, File 4-631).  
39400.C. Regulatory Halt  
For the purposes of this chapter a Regulatory Halt shall be as defined in the “Plan to Address 
Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission Pursuant to Rule 
608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 May 2012 by the SEC, 
as amended from time to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System Plans, File 4-631) and 
as implemented under New York Stock Exchange Rule 7.12 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary 
Volatility or under Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
39401. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
 
 
 
Each futures contract shall be valued at $50.00 times the Russell 2000 Growth Index (“Index”). 
39402. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
39402.A. Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months as 
may be determined by the Exchange. 
39402.B. Trading Unit 
The unit of trade shall be $50.00 times the Index. 
39402.C. Price Increments 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in Index points. Subject to Rule 39406.C., the minimum price increment 
shall be 0.10 Index points, equal to $5.00 per contract, except for intermonth spreads executed pursuant 
to Rule 542.A., for which the minimum price increment shall be 0.05 Index points, equal to $2.50 per 
intermonth spread. 
39402.D. Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set forth 
in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to the 
Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions 
from the specified position limits. 
39402.E. [Reserved] 
39402.F. [Reserved] 
39402.G. Termination of Trading 
Trading in expiring futures shall terminate at the regularly scheduled start of trading on the New York 
Stock Exchange on the Business Day scheduled for determination of the Final Settlement Price (Rule 


 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 2 of 5 
39403.A.) for such futures. 
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of Final Settlement Price determination (Rule 
39403.A), trading in the expiring futures shall terminate at the close of trading on the New York Stock 
Exchange on the immediately preceding Business Day.  
39402.H. [Reserved] 
39402.I. Price Limits and Trading Halts 
Futures trading shall be subject to Price Limits as set forth in this Rule. For the purpose of this Rule the 
Exchange shall determine, in its sole discretion, the futures delivery month that represents the Primary 
Futures Contract Month and when such Primary Futures Contract Month is limit bid or limit offered. 
1. Daily Determination of Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, Price Limits applicable to a futures contract for a given delivery month shall be 
calculated on the basis of the corresponding Reference Price (Rule 39402.I.1.a.) and the corresponding 
Offsets (Rule 39402.I.1.b.), as follows: 
7% Price Limits = Reference Price minus 7% Offset, and Reference Price plus 7% Offset 
13% Price Limit = Reference Price minus 13% Offset 
20% Price Limit = Reference Price minus 20% Offset 
1.a. Reference Prices for Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, for futures for a given delivery month, the Exchange shall set a contract 
Reference Price on the first preceding Business Day, as follows: 
 
 
 
Tier 1 
Such Reference Price shall be based on the volume-weighted average price of transactions in such 
futures on the CME Globex electronic trading platform during the interval (i) between 2:59:30 p.m. and 
3:00:00 p.m., or (ii) in the case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange, between 
11:59:30 a.m. and noon, or (iii) in the event of an unscheduled early close of the Primary Listing Exchange, 
the final thirty (30) seconds of the Primary Listing Exchange trading day (“Reference Interval”). 
Tier 2 
If no such transaction occurs during the Reference Interval, then such Reference Price shall be based on 
the average of midpoints of bid/ask spreads for such futures quoted on CME Globex during the Reference 
Interval, provided that the Reference Price calculation shall exclude the midpoint value for any such 
bid/ask spread that is wider than 0.20 Index points (equal to two (2) minimum price increments). 
Tier 3 
If such Reference Price cannot be determined pursuant to Tier 1 or Tier 2, then the Exchange, in its sole 
discretion, shall set such Reference Price by alternative means which may include, but are not limited to, 
derivation by reference to the basis relationship between such futures contract’s price and the Index, or 
application of Tier 1 and Tier 2 calculations to successive time intervals of increasing length, in integer 
multiples of thirty (30) seconds, until suitable price data are obtained. 
The resultant Reference Price value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of 0.10 Index 
point. Such Reference Price, so rounded, shall be used for determination of the corresponding Price 
Limits. 
For newly listed futures for a given delivery month, the Exchange shall set, in its sole discretion, a 
Reference Price value for the purpose of determining Price Limits for the first day of trading in such 
futures. 
1.b. Offsets for Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, the Exchange shall determine Offsets on the basis of the Index value (“I”) at 
the close of trading on the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 39400.B.) on the first preceding Business Day, 
as follows: 
7% Offset = 7% of I (0.07 x I) 
13% Offset = 13% of I (0.13 x I) 
20% Offset = 20% of I (0.20 x I) 
Each resultant Offset value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of 0.10 Index point. 
Each such Offset, so rounded, shall be used in determination of the corresponding Price Limits. 
2. Application of Price Limits from Start of Trading Day to 8:30 a.m. 
From the start of any Trading Day until 8:30 a.m., there shall be no trading in futures for a given delivery 
month at any price that is either strictly lower than or strictly higher than the range defined by the 7% Price 


 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 3 of 5 
Limits (Rule 39402.I.1.) applicable to such futures on such Trading Day. 
Without limitation to the foregoing, the start of any Trading Day generally shall coincide with the start of 
the CME Globex trading session at 5:00 p.m. on the evening first preceding such Trading Day. 
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as set forth 
in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
3. Application of Price Limits and Trading Halts from 8:30 a.m. to 2:25 p.m. 
Except as provided in Rules 39402.I.3.a. and 39402.I.3.b., from 8:30 a.m. until and including 2:25 p.m., 
or from 8:30 a.m. until and including 11:25 a.m. in the case of an early scheduled close of the Primary 
Listing Exchange, futures for a given delivery month shall trade subject to the corresponding Price Limits 
(Rule 39402.I.1.), as follows: 
There shall be no futures trading at any price strictly lower than the corresponding 7% Price Limit, unless 
the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 7% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, the 
Exchange shall initiate a 2-minute observation interval. At the conclusion of such observation interval: 
If the Primary Futures Contract Month is not limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, futures trading shall continue 
subject to the corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
If the Primary Futures Contract Month remains limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, futures trading shall halt 
for two (2) minutes, and shall then resume subject to the corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, the 
Exchange shall initiate a 2-minute observation interval. At the conclusion of such observation interval: 
If the Primary Futures Contract Month is not limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, futures trading shall 
continue subject to the corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
If the Primary Futures Contract Month remains limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, futures trading shall 
halt for two (2) minutes, and shall then resume subject to the corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
There shall be no futures trading at any price strictly lower than the corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
 
 
 
3.a. Regulatory Halts 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt (Rule 39400.C.) in response 
to a Level 1 (7%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt. When trading resumes 
on the Primary Listing Exchange, futures trading shall resume subject to the corresponding 13% Price 
Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 2 
(13%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt. When trading resumes on the 
Primary Listing Exchange, futures trading shall resume subject to the corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 3 
(20%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt for the remainder of the trading 
session. 
3.b. Unscheduled Non-Regulatory Halts  
If an unscheduled trading halt that is not also a Regulatory Halt occurs on one or more Primary Listing 
Exchanges between 8:30 a.m. and 2.25 p.m., or between 8:30 a.m. and 11:25 a.m. in the case of an early 
scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange(s), then futures trading shall be subject to such trading 
halts or such price limits as the Exchange, in its sole discretion, may determine to be appropriate.  
4. Application of Price Limits from 2:25 p.m. to 3:00 p.m.  
From 2:25 p.m. to 3:00 p.m., or from 11:25 a.m. to noon in the case of an early scheduled close on the 
Primary Listing Exchange, trading in futures for a given delivery month shall be subject only to the 
corresponding 20% Price Limit (Rule 39402.I.1.).  
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 3 
(20%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt for the remainder of the trading 
session.  
5. Application of Price Limits from 3:00 p.m. to Close of Trading Day  
From the close of trading on the Primary Listing Exchange at 3:00 p.m., or at noon in the case of an early 
scheduled close on the Primary Listing Exchange, until the close of the current Trading Day, trading in 
futures for a given delivery month shall be subject to an upper Price Limit equal to the corresponding 
Reference Price determined on the current Business Day (Rule 39402.I.1.a.) plus the 7% Offset 
determined on the current Business Day (Rule 39402.I.1.b.).  


 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 4 of 5 
Trading in such futures also shall be subject to a lower Price Limit set as the corresponding Reference 
Price determined on the current Business Day minus the 7% Offset determined on the current Business 
Day, provided that such lower Price Limit shall be no lower than the 20% Price Limit (Rule 39402.I.1.) 
applicable to the current Trading Day.  
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as set forth 
in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
Without limitation to the foregoing, the close of the current Trading Day generally shall coincide with the 
close of the CME Globex trading session on such Trading Day. 
39403. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement. 
39403.A. Final Settlement Price  
For a futures contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be a special opening 
quotation of the Index. Such special opening quotation shall be determined on the third Friday of such 
delivery month and shall be based on opening prices of the component stocks of the Index. 
If the Index is not scheduled to be published on the third Friday of the contract delivery month, then such 
Final Settlement Price shall be scheduled for determination on the first preceding Business Day on which 
the Index is scheduled to be published. 
If the Primary Listing Exchange for a component stock in the Index does not open on the day scheduled 
for determination of the Final Settlement Price, then the price of that stock shall be determined, for the 
purposes of calculating the Final Settlement Price, based on the opening price of that stock on the next 
day that its Primary Listing Exchange is open for trading.  
If a component stock of the Index does not trade on the day scheduled for determination of such Final 
Settlement Price, and the Primary Listing Exchange for such stock is open for trading, then for the purpose 
of calculating such Final Settlement Price the price of such stock shall be its last sale price, provided that 
the Exchange in its sole discretion may instruct that the price of such stock shall be its opening price on 
the next following day that it is traded on its Primary Listing Exchange. 
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of final settlement price determination, the Final 
Settlement Price shall be the Official Index Closing Value published by the index publisher on the 
Business Day immediately preceding the original day of Final Settlement Price determination. 
39403.B. 
Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in an expiring futures contract at its termination of trading (Rule 
39402.G.) shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in accordance with normal 
variation margin procedures based on such expiring contract’s Final Settlement Price (Rule 39403.A.). 
39404.  
[RESERVED] 
39405. 
[RESERVED] 
39406. 
BASIS TRADE AT INDEX CLOSE (“BTIC”) TRANSACTIONS 
All BTIC transactions must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 524.B. 
39406.A. BTIC Block Trade Requirements 
BTIC block trades must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 526. 
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed on a given Trading Day on or before the scheduled close of the 
Primary Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the Index closing 
value for the current Trading Day.  
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed on a given Trading Day after the scheduled close of the Primary 
Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the Index closing value 
for the next Trading Day. 
39406.B. BTIC Price Assignment Procedures 
The price assignment procedures for BTIC transactions shall follow Rule 524.B.3. 
39406.C. BTIC Minimum Price Increments 
The valid basis or price increment applied to the Index closing value to establish the BTIC futures price 
must be stated in full tick increments of 0.05 index points. 
39406.D.  
Market Disruption Events 


 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 5 of 5 
In the event of a market disruption in the Primary Listing Exchange, all pending and executed BTIC 
transactions in the corresponding futures contract shall be cancelled by the Exchange. Such disruption 
shall be declared by the Exchange in its sole discretion, and may include, without limitation, an  
 
 
 
 
unscheduled early close of the Primary Listing Exchange or a NYSE Rule 7.12 trading halt declared in 
response to a Level 3 (20%) decline in the S&P 500 Index that necessitates an early close of the Primary 
Listing Exchange.  
 
(End Chapter 394) 
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES RELATING TO CHAPTER 394 
Neither Frank Russell Company’s publication of the Russell Indexes nor its licensing of its trademarks for use in 
connection with securities or other financial products derived from a Russell Index in any way suggests or implies a 
representation or opinion by Frank Russell Company as to the attractiveness of investment in any securities or other 
financial products based upon or derived from any Russell Index. Frank Russell Company is not the issuer of any such 
securities or other financial products and makes no express or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for any 
particular purpose with respect to any Russell Index or any data included or reflected therein, nor as to results to be 
obtained by any person or any entity from the use of the Russell Index or any data included or reflected therein. 
 
 


 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 5 
 
Chapter 395 
E-mini® Russell 2000® Value Index Futures 
 
39500. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to E-mini® Russell 2000® Value Index futures (“futures”). In addition 
to this chapter, futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange as applicable. 
Unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate Chicago time. 
39500.A. Market Decline  
For the purposes of this chapter a Market Decline shall be as defined in New York Stock Exchange Rule 
7.12 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or in Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for Trading 
Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility.  
39500.B. Primary Listing Exchange  
For the purposes of this chapter a Primary Listing Exchange shall be as defined in the “Plan to Address 
Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission Pursuant to Rule 
608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 May 2012 by the U.S. 
Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), as amended from time to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, 
National Market System Plans, File 4-631).  
39500.C. Regulatory Halt  
For the purposes of this chapter a Regulatory Halt shall be as defined in the “Plan to Address 
Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission Pursuant to Rule  
608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” approved 31 May 2012 by the SEC, 
as amended from time to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System Plans, File 4-631) and 
as implemented under New York Stock Exchange Rule 7.12 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary 
Volatility or under Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4121 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
39501. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
 
 
 
Each futures contract shall be valued at $50.00 times the Russell 2000 Value Index (“Index”). 
39502. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
39502.A. Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months as 
may be determined by the Exchange. 
39502.B. Trading Unit 
The unit of trade shall be $50.00 times the Index. 
39502.C. Price Increments 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in Index points. Subject to Rule 39506.C., the minimum price increment 
shall be 0.10 Index points, equal to $5.00 per contract, except for intermonth spreads executed pursuant 
to Rule 542.A., for which the minimum price increment shall be 0.05 Index points, equal to $2.50 per 
intermonth spread. 
39502.D. Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set forth 
in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to the 
Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions 
from the specified position limits. 
39502.E. [Reserved] 
39502.F. [Reserved] 
39502.G. Termination of Trading 
Trading in expiring futures shall terminate at the regularly scheduled start of trading on the New York 
Stock Exchange on the Business Day scheduled for determination of the Final Settlement Price (Rule 


 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 5 
39503.A.) for such futures. 
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of Final Settlement Price determination (Rule 
39503.A), trading in the expiring futures shall terminate at the close of trading on the New York Stock 
Exchange on the immediately preceding Business Day.  
39502.H. [Reserved] 
39502.I. Price Limits and Trading Halts 
Futures trading shall be subject to Price Limits as set forth in this Rule. For the purpose of this Rule the 
Exchange shall determine, in its sole discretion, the futures delivery month that represents the Primary 
Futures Contract Month and when such Primary Futures Contract Month is limit bid or limit offered. 
1. Daily Determination of Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, Price Limits applicable to a futures contract for a given delivery month shall be 
calculated on the basis of the corresponding Reference Price (Rule 39502.I.1.a.) and the corresponding 
Offsets (Rule 39502.I.1.b.), as follows: 
7% Price Limits = Reference Price minus 7% Offset, and Reference Price plus 7% Offset 
13% Price Limit = Reference Price minus 13% Offset 
20% Price Limit = Reference Price minus 20% Offset 
1.a. Reference Prices for Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, for futures for a given delivery month, the Exchange shall set a contract 
Reference Price on the first preceding Business Day, as follows: 
Tier 1 
Such Reference Price shall be based on the volume-weighted average price of transactions in such 
futures on the CME Globex electronic trading platform during the interval (i) between 2:59:30 p.m. and 
3:00:00 p.m., or (ii) in the case of an early scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange, between 
11:59:30 a.m. and noon, or (iii) in the event of an unscheduled early close of the Primary Listing Exchange, 
the final thirty (30) seconds of the Primary Listing Exchange trading day (“Reference Interval”). 
Tier 2 
If no such transaction occurs during the Reference Interval, then such Reference Price shall be based on 
the average of midpoints of bid/ask spreads for such futures quoted on CME Globex during the Reference 
Interval, provided that the Reference Price calculation shall exclude the midpoint value for any such 
bid/ask spread that is wider than 0.20 Index points (equal to two (2) minimum price increments). 
Tier 3 
If such Reference Price cannot be determined pursuant to Tier 1 or Tier 2, then the Exchange, in its sole 
discretion, shall set such Reference Price by alternative means which may include, but are not limited to, 
derivation by reference to the basis relationship between such futures contract’s price and the Index, or 
application of Tier 1 and Tier 2 calculations to successive time intervals of increasing length, in integer 
multiples of thirty (30) seconds, until suitable price data are obtained. 
The resultant Reference Price value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of 0.10 Index 
point. Such Reference Price, so rounded, shall be used for determination of the corresponding Price 
Limits. 
For newly listed futures for a given delivery month, the Exchange shall set, in its sole discretion, a 
Reference Price value for the purpose of determining Price Limits for the first day of trading in such 
futures. 
1.b. Offsets for Price Limits 
For a given Business Day, the Exchange shall determine Offsets on the basis of the Index value (“I”) at 
the close of trading on the Primary Listing Exchange (Rule 39500.B.) on the first preceding Business Day, 
as follows: 
7% Offset = 7% of I (0.07 x I) 
13% Offset = 13% of I (0.13 x I) 
20% Offset = 20% of I (0.20 x I) 
Each resultant Offset value shall be rounded down to the nearest integer multiple of 0.10 Index point. 
Each such Offset, so rounded, shall be used in determination of the corresponding Price Limits. 
2. Application of Price Limits from Start of Trading Day to 8:30 a.m. 
From the start of any Trading Day until 8:30 a.m., there shall be no trading in futures for a given delivery 
month at any price that is either strictly lower than or strictly higher than the range defined by the 7% Price 


 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 5 
Limits (Rule 39502.I.1.) applicable to such futures on such Trading Day. 
Without limitation to the foregoing, the start of any Trading Day generally shall coincide with the start of 
the CME Globex trading session at 5:00 p.m. on the evening first preceding such Trading Day. 
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as set forth 
in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
3. Application of Price Limits and Trading Halts from 8:30 a.m. to 2:25 p.m. 
Except as provided in Rules 39502.I.3.a. and 39502.I.3.b., from 8:30 a.m. until and including 2:25 p.m., 
or from 8:30 a.m. until and including 11:25 a.m. in the case of an early scheduled close of the Primary 
Listing Exchange, futures for a given delivery month shall trade subject to the corresponding Price Limits 
(Rule 39502.I.1.), as follows: 
There shall be no futures trading at any price strictly lower than the corresponding 7% Price Limit, unless 
the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 7% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, the 
Exchange shall initiate a 2-minute observation interval. At the conclusion of such observation interval: 
If the Primary Futures Contract Month is not limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, futures trading shall continue 
subject to the corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
If the Primary Futures Contract Month remains limit offered at its 7% Price Limit, futures trading shall halt 
for two (2) minutes, and shall then resume subject to the corresponding 13% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Futures Contract Month becomes limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, the 
Exchange shall initiate a 2-minute observation interval. At the conclusion of such observation interval: 
If the Primary Futures Contract Month is not limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, futures trading shall 
continue subject to the corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
If the Primary Futures Contract Month remains limit offered at its 13% Price Limit, futures trading shall 
halt for two (2) minutes, and shall then resume subject to the corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
 
 
 
There shall be no futures trading at any price strictly lower than the corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
3.a. Regulatory Halts 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt (Rule 39500.C.) in response 
to a Level 1 (7%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt. When trading resumes 
on the Primary Listing Exchange, futures trading shall resume subject to the corresponding 13% Price 
Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 2 
(13%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt. When trading resumes on the 
Primary Listing Exchange, futures trading shall resume subject to the corresponding 20% Price Limit. 
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 3 
(20%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt for the remainder of the trading 
session.     
3.b. Unscheduled Non-Regulatory Halts  
If an unscheduled trading halt that is not also a Regulatory Halt occurs on one or more Primary Listing 
Exchanges between 8:30 a.m. and 2.25 p.m., or between 8:30 a.m. and 11:25 a.m. in the case of an early 
scheduled close of the Primary Listing Exchange(s), then futures trading shall be subject to such trading 
halts or such price limits as the Exchange, in its sole discretion, may determine to be appropriate.  
4. Application of Price Limits from 2:25 p.m. to 3:00 p.m.  
From 2:25 p.m. to 3:00 p.m., or from 11:25 a.m. to noon in the case of an early scheduled close on the 
Primary Listing Exchange, trading in futures for a given delivery month shall be subject only to the 
corresponding 20% Price Limit (Rule 39502.I.1.).  
At such time as the Primary Listing Exchange may declare a Regulatory Halt in response to a Level 3 
(20%) Market Decline in the S&P 500 Index, futures trading shall halt for the remainder of the trading 
session.  
5. Application of Price Limits from 3:00 p.m. to Close of Trading Day  
From the close of trading on the Primary Listing Exchange at 3:00 p.m., or at noon in the case of an early 
scheduled close on the Primary Listing Exchange, until the close of the current Trading Day, trading in 
futures for a given delivery month shall be subject to an upper Price Limit equal to the corresponding 
Reference Price determined on the current Business Day (Rule 39502.I.1.a.) plus the 7% Offset 
determined on the current Business Day (Rule 39502.I.1.b.).  


 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 5 
Trading in such futures also shall be subject to a lower Price Limit set as the corresponding Reference 
Price determined on the current Business Day minus the 7% Offset determined on the current Business 
Day, provided that such lower Price Limit shall be no lower than the 20% Price Limit (Rule 39502.I.1.) 
applicable to the current Trading Day.  
During this period of time, the contract shall also be subject to dynamic price fluctuation limits as set forth 
in Rule 589.D. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
Without limitation to the foregoing, the close of the current Trading Day generally shall coincide with the 
close of the CME Globex trading session on such Trading Day. 
39503. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement. 
39503.A. Final Settlement Price  
For a futures contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be a special opening 
quotation of the Index.  Such special opening quotation shall be determined on the third Friday of such 
delivery month and shall be based on opening prices of the component stocks of the Index. 
If the Index is not scheduled to be published on the third Friday of the contract delivery month, then such 
Final Settlement Price shall be scheduled for determination on the first preceding Business Day on which 
the Index is scheduled to be published. 
If the Primary Listing Exchange for a component stock in the Index does not open on the day scheduled 
for determination of the Final Settlement Price, then the price of that stock shall be determined, for the 
purposes of calculating the Final Settlement Price, based on the opening price of that stock on the next 
day that its Primary Listing Exchange is open for trading.  
If a component stock of the Index does not trade on the day scheduled for determination of such Final 
Settlement Price, and the Primary Listing Exchange for such stock is open for trading, then for the purpose 
of calculating such Final Settlement Price the price of such stock shall be its last sale price, provided that 
the Exchange in its sole discretion may instruct that the price of such stock shall be its opening price on 
the next following day that it is traded on its Primary Listing Exchange. 
If an unscheduled Market Holiday is declared on the day of final settlement price determination, the Final 
Settlement Price shall be the Official Index Closing Value published by the index publisher on the 
Business Day immediately preceding the original day of Final Settlement Price determination. 
39503.B. 
Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in an expiring futures contract at its termination of trading (Rule 
39502.G.) shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in accordance with normal 
variation margin procedures based on such expiring contract’s Final Settlement Price (Rule 39503.A.). 
39504. 
[RESERVED]  
39505. 
[RESERVED] 
39506. 
BASIS TRADE AT INDEX CLOSE (“BTIC”) TRANSACTIONS 
All BTIC transactions must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 524.B. 
39506.A. BTIC Block Trade Requirements 
BTIC block trades must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 526. 
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed on a given Trading Day on or before the scheduled close of the 
Primary Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the Index closing 
value for the current Trading Day.  
For a BTIC or BTIC block trade executed on a given Trading Day after the scheduled close of the Primary 
Listing Exchange, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the Index closing value 
for the next Trading Day. 
39506.B. BTIC Price Assignment Procedures 
The price assignment procedures for BTIC transactions shall follow Rule 524.B.3. 
39506.C. BTIC Minimum Price Increments 
The valid basis or price increment applied to the Index closing value to establish the BTIC futures price 
must be stated in full tick increments of 0.05 index points. 
39506.D.  
Market Disruption Events 
In the event of a market disruption in the Primary Listing Exchange, all pending and executed BTIC 
transactions in the corresponding futures contract shall be cancelled by the Exchange. Such disruption 


 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 5 
shall be declared by the Exchange in its sole discretion, and may include, without limitation, an 
unscheduled early close of the Primary Listing Exchange or a NYSE Rule 7.12 trading halt declared in  
 
 
 
response to a Level 3 (20%) decline in the S&P 500 Index that necessitates an early close of the Primary 
Listing Exchange.  
 
(End Chapter 395) 
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES RELATING TO CHAPTER 395 
Neither Frank Russell Company’s publication of the Russell Indexes nor its licensing of its trademarks for use in 
connection with securities or other financial products derived from a Russell Index in any way suggests or implies a 
representation or opinion by Frank Russell Company as to the attractiveness of investment in any securities or other 
financial products based upon or derived from any Russell Index. Frank Russell Company is not the issuer of any such 
securities or other financial products and makes no express or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for any 
particular purpose with respect to any Russell Index or any data included or reflected therein, nor as to results to be 
obtained by any person or any entity from the use of the Russell Index or any data included or reflected therein. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 399 
Russell 2000® Annual Dividend Index Futures 
 
39900.   
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Russell 2000® Annual Dividend Index futures (“Russell 
2000 Annual Dividend Index Futures” or “futures”).  In addition to this chapter, futures shall be 
subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange as applicable. 
Unless otherwise specified, times referenced herein shall refer to and indicate Chicago time. 
39900.A.  Market Decline 
For the purposes of this chapter a Market Decline shall be as defined in New York Stock 
Exchange Rule 7.12 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or in Nasdaq Stock 
Market Rule 4121 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
39900.B.  Primary Listing Exchange 
For the purposes of this chapter a Primary Listing Exchange shall be as defined in the “Plan to 
Address Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission 
Pursuant to Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” 
approved 31 May 2012 by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), as 
amended from time to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System Plans, File 4-
631). 
39900.C.  Regulatory Halt 
For the purposes of this chapter a Regulatory Halt shall be as defined in the “Plan to Address 
Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission 
Pursuant to Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” 
approved 31 May 2012 by the SEC, as amended from time to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, 
National Market System Plans, File 4-631) and as implemented under New York Stock 
Exchange Rule 7.12 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or under Nasdaq Stock 
Market Rule 4121 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
 
39901.   
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each futures contract shall be valued at $500.00 times the Russell 2000 Dividend Index 
(“Index”).    
The Index tracks the total dividends from the constituents of the Russell 2000 index.  The 
Index resets to zero annually, at the end of the third Friday of each December.  On a given 
day, the Index level is based on the running total accumulation of all ordinary gross dividends 
paid on Russell 2000 index constituent stocks that have gone ex-dividend since the previous 
zero-reset date.  The Index is expressed in Russell 2000 index points. 
 
39902.   
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
39902.A.   Trading Schedule 
Futures shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months as 
may be determined by the Exchange. 
39902.B.  Trading Unit 
The unit of trade shall be $500.00 times the Index. 
39902.C.  Price Increments 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in Index points.  The minimum price increment shall be 0.05 
Index points, equal to $25.00 per contract, except for intermonth spreads executed pursuant to 
Rule 542.A., for which the minimum price increment shall be 0.01 Index points, equal to $5.00 
per intermonth spread. 
39902.D.  Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels  
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, 
are set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall 
apply to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the 
Market Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
39902.E.   [Reserved] 
39902.F.   [Reserved] 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 2 
39902.G.  Termination of Trading 
Trading in expiring futures shall terminate at the regularly scheduled start of trading on the 
primary listing exchange on the Business Day scheduled for determination of the Final 
Settlement Price (Rule 39903.A.) for such futures. 
39902.H. [Reserved] 
39902.I.   Price Limits and Trading Halts 
There shall be no futures trading when trading is halted in the Primary Futures Contract Month 
pursuant to Rule 36302.I. In accordance with Rule 36302.I. the Exchange shall determine, in 
its sole discretion, the futures delivery month that represents such Primary Futures Contract 
Month. 
39902.J.  Trading Prohibition 
The following persons are prohibited from trading in futures (each, a “Prohibited Person”): 
1. 
Any person who is a director or officer, subject to Section 16 of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 as amended from time to time, of a corporation that is a constituent of 
the Russell 2000 index. 
2. 
Any person who is in possession of material non-public information relating to 
ordinary cash dividends of a constituent corporation of Russell 2000 index, including (but not 
limited to) information concerning the timing or amount of any ordinary cash dividend. 
39902.K.  Acceptance for Clearing 
A clearing member shall not accept an order for futures contracts from any person, whether 
such person is trading for its own account or for the account of another person, unless such 
person provides to the clearing member at or before the time of the order a representation and 
covenant that, at the time such order is accepted or executed, or the position is held, such 
person and, as applicable, the other person for whose account such person is trading, is not a 
Prohibited Person (Rule 39902.J.). 
 
39903.   
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement. 
39903.A.  Final Settlement Price 
For a futures contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be the Index 
value determined on the third Friday of such delivery month, based on the accumulation of all 
ordinary gross dividends paid on Russell 2000 index constituent stocks that have gone ex-
dividend since the Index’s previous zero-reset date. 
If the Index is not scheduled to be published on the third Friday of the contract delivery month, 
then such Final Settlement Price shall be scheduled for determination on the first preceding 
Business Day on which the Index is scheduled to be published. 
39903.B.  Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in an expiring futures contract at its termination of 
trading (Rule 39902.G.) shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in 
accordance with normal variation margin procedures based on such expiring contract’s Final 
Settlement Price (Rule 39903.A.). 
39904.  
[RESERVED] 
39905.  
[RESERVED]  
39906.  
[RESERVED]   
 
 
INTERPRETATIONS AND SPECIAL NOTICES RELATING TO CHAPTER 399 
Neither Frank Russell Company’s publication of the Russell Indexes nor its licensing of its trademarks 
for use in connection with securities or other financial products derived from a Russell Index in any 
way suggests or implies a representation or opinion by Frank Russell Company as to the 
attractiveness of investment in any securities or other financial products based upon or derived from 
any Russell Index. Frank Russell Company is not the issuer of any such securities or other financial 
products and makes no express or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for any particular 
purpose with respect to any Russell Index or any data included or reflected therein, nor as to results 
to be obtained by any person or any entity from the use of the Russell Index or any data included or 
reflected therein. 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 3 
Chapter 400 
Nasdaq-100 Annual Dividend Index Futures 
 
40000.   
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Nasdaq-100 Annual Dividend Index futures (“Nasdaq-
100 Annual Dividend Index Futures” or “futures”).  In addition to this chapter, futures shall be 
subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange as applicable. 
Unless otherwise specified, times referenced herein shall refer to and indicate Chicago time. 
40000.A.  Market Decline 
For the purposes of this chapter a Market Decline shall be as defined in New York Stock 
Exchange Rule 7.12 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or in Nasdaq Stock 
Market Rule 4121 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
40000.B.  Primary Listing Exchange 
For the purposes of this chapter a Primary Listing Exchange shall be as defined in the “Plan to 
Address Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission 
Pursuant to Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” 
approved 31 May 2012 by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), as 
amended from time to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, National Market System Plans, File 4-
631). 
40000.C.  Regulatory Halt 
For the purposes of this chapter a Regulatory Halt shall be as defined in the “Plan to Address 
Extraordinary Market Volatility Submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission 
Pursuant to Rule 608 of Regulation NMS Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” 
approved 31 May 2012 by the SEC, as amended from time to time (SEC, SRO Rulemaking, 
National Market System Plans, File 4-631) and as implemented under New York Stock 
Exchange Rule 7.12 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility or under Nasdaq Stock 
Market Rule 4121 for Trading Halts Due to Extraordinary Volatility. 
 
40001.   
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each futures contract shall be valued at $100.00 times the Nasdaq-100 Dividend Point Index 
(“Index”).    
The Index tracks the total dividends from the constituents of the Nasdaq-100 index.  The Index 
resets to zero annually, at the end of the third Friday of each December.  On a given day, the 
Index level is based on the running total accumulation of all ordinary gross dividends paid on 
Nasdaq-100 index constituent stocks that have gone ex-dividend since the previous zero-reset 
date.  The Index is expressed in Nasdaq-100 index points. 
 
40002.   
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
40002.A.  Trading Schedule 
Futures shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months as 
may be determined by the Exchange. 
40002.B. Trading Unit 
The unit of trade shall be $100.00 times the Index. 
40002.C.  Price Increments 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in Index points.  The minimum price increment shall be 0.10 
Index points, equal to $10.00 per contract, except for intermonth spreads executed pursuant to 
Rule 542.A., for which the minimum price increment shall be 0.05 Index points, equal to $5.00 
per intermonth spread. 
40002.D.  Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, 
are set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall 
apply to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the 
Market Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
40002.E.  [Reserved] 
40002.F.  [Reserved] 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 3 
40002.G. Termination of Trading 
Trading in expiring futures shall terminate at the regularly scheduled start of trading on the 
primary listing exchange on the Business Day scheduled for determination of the Final 
Settlement Price (Rule 40003.A.) for such futures. 
40002.H.   [Reserved] 
40002.I.     Price Limits and Trading Halts 
There shall be no futures trading when trading is halted in the Primary Futures Contract Month 
pursuant to Rule 35902.I. In accordance with Rule 35902.I. the Exchange shall determine, in 
its sole discretion, the futures delivery month that represents such Primary Futures Contract 
Month. 
40002.J.   Trading Prohibition 
The following persons are prohibited from trading in futures (each, a “Prohibited Person”): 
1. 
Any person who is a director or officer, subject to Section 16 of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 as amended from time to time, of a corporation that is a constituent of 
the Nasdaq-100 index. 
2. 
Any person who is in possession of material non-public information relating to 
ordinary cash dividends of a constituent corporation of the Nasdaq-100 index, including (but 
not limited to) information concerning the timing or amount of any ordinary cash dividend. 
40002.K.   Acceptance for Clearing 
A clearing member shall not accept an order for futures contracts from any person, whether 
such person is trading for its own account or for the account of another person, unless such 
person provides to the clearing member at or before the time of the order a representation and 
covenant that, at the time such order is accepted or executed, or the position is held, such 
person and, as applicable, the other person for whose account such person is trading, is not a 
Prohibited Person (Rule 40002.J.). 
 
40003.   
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement. 
40003.A.  Final Settlement Price 
For a futures contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be the Index 
value determined on the third Friday of such delivery month, based on the accumulation of all 
ordinary gross dividends paid on Nasdaq-100 index constituent stocks that have gone ex-
dividend since the Index’s previous zero-reset date. 
If the Index is not scheduled to be published on the third Friday of the contract delivery month, 
then such Final Settlement Price shall be scheduled for determination on the first preceding 
Business Day on which the Index is scheduled to be published. 
40003.B.  Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in an expiring futures contract at its termination of 
trading (Rule 40002.G.) shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in 
accordance with normal variation margin procedures based on such expiring contract’s Final 
Settlement Price (Rule 40003.A.). 
 
40004. [RESERVED] 
40005. [RESERVED]  
40006. [RESERVED]   
 
INTERPRETATIONS AND SPECIAL NOTICES RELATING TO CHAPTER 400 
Nasdaq-100 Dividend Index Futures (Products) are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by 
the Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc. (including its affiliates) (Nasdaq, with its affiliates, are referred to as 
the Corporations). The Corporations have not passed on the legality or suitability of, or the accuracy 
or adequacy of descriptions and disclosures relating to, the Products. The Corporations make no 
representation or warranty, express or implied, to the holder of any position in the Products or any 
member of the public regarding the advisability of investing in financial instruments generally or in the 
Products particularly, or the ability of the Nasdaq-100 Index to track general stock market 
performance. The Corporations' only relationship to Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. (Licensee) is 
in the licensing of certain trademarks, service marks, and trade names of the Corporations and the 
use of the Nasdaq-100 Index, which is determined, composed and calculated by Nasdaq without 
regard to Licensee or the Products. Nasdaq has no obligation to take the needs of the Licensee or 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 3 
the holder of any position in the Products into consideration in determining, composing or calculating 
the Nasdaq-100 Index. The Corporations are not responsible for and have not participated in the 
determination or calculation of the equation by which the Products are to be converted into cash, in 
the case of Nasdaq-100 Futures, or futures contracts, in the case of Options on Nasdaq-100 Futures. 
The Corporations have no liability in connection with the administration, marketing or trading of the 
Products. 
THE CORPORATIONS DO NOT GUARANTEE THE ACCURACY AND/OR UNINTERRUPTED 
CALCULATION OF THE NASDAQ 100 INDEX OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN. THE 
CORPORATIONS MAKE NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE RESULTS TO BE 
OBTAINED BY ANY PERSON OR ENTITY FROM THE USE OF THE NASDAQ 100 INDEX, ANY 
OPENING, INTRA-DAY, OR CLOSING VALUE THEREOF, OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN, 
OR RELATING THERETO, IN CONNECTION WITH THE TRADING OF E–MINI NASDAQ 100 
FUTURES OR OPTIONS ON E–MINI NASDAQ 100 FUTURES OR FOR ANY OTHER PURPOSE. 
THE CORPORATIONS MAKE NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, AND EXPRESSLY 
DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR 
PURPOSE OR USE WITH RESPECT TO THE NASDAQ 100 INDEX, ANY OPENING, INTRA-DAY, 
OR CLOSING VALUE THEREOF, OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN OR RELATED THERETO, 
OR ANY E–MINI NASDAQ 100 FUTURES CONTRACT OR OPTION ON A E–MINI NASDAQ 100 
FUTURES CONTRACT. WITHOUT LIMITING ANY OF THE FOREGOING, IN NO EVENT SHALL 
THE CORPORATIONS HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INDIRECT, OR 
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS), EVEN IF NOTIFIED OF THE 
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  
 


 
 
 
Chapter 401 
S&P GSCI™ Commodity Index Futures 
40100. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to S&P GSCI Commodity Index futures.  In addition to this 
chapter, S&P GSCI Commodity Index futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations 
of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
40101. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each futures contract shall be valued at $250.00 times the S&P GSCI Futures Price Index which 
corresponds to each contract. The S&P GSCI Commodity Index (GSCI) is a world-production-
weighted, arithmetic average, of the prices of liquid exchange-traded physical commodity futures 
contracts which satisfy specified criteria.  The S&P GSCI Commodity Index Futures Price Index is 
calculated as the fair value of the S&P GSCI Commodity Index futures for a specific contract 
month.  The calculation of the futures price index is identical to the calculation of the GSCI, except 
that the futures price index incorporates no rolling forward of futures contracts and is quoted only 
until the expiration of the corresponding futures contract.  For any January contract, the S&P GSCI 
Futures Price Index shall be determined using the prior year's index specifications.  February 
through December contracts shall use the current year's specifications.  The GSCI calculation and 
roll procedures are defined in the S&P GSCI Index Methodology.  
40102. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
40102.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
40102.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $250.00 times the S&P GSCI Futures Price Index which corresponds to 
each futures contract.  
40102.C. 
Price Increments  
Bids and offers shall be quoted in terms of the S&P GSCI Futures Price Index which corresponds 
to each futures contract.  The minimum fluctuation of the futures contract shall be .05 index points, 
equivalent to $12.50 per contract. 
40102.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable 
Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
40102.E. 
[Reserved] 
40102.F. 
[Reserved] 
40102.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate on the eleventh Business Day of the contract month.   
40102.H. 
[Reserved]  
40102.I. 
[Reserved] 
 


 
 
 
40103. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery under the S&P GSCI Commodity Index Futures contract shall be by cash settlement. 
40103.A. 
Final Settlement Price   
The Final Settlement Price shall be determined on the eleventh Business Day of the contract 
month, or, if the S&P GSCI Futures Price Index which corresponds to the expiring contract is not 
scheduled to be published for that day, on the first preceding day for which the futures price index 
is scheduled to be published.  The Final Settlement Price shall be based on a special quotation of 
the S&P GSCI Futures Price Index which corresponds to the expiring contract at the close of 
business on the eleventh Business Day of the contract month.  This special quotation will consist of 
the S&P GSCI Futures Price Index which corresponds to the expiring contract calculated using the 
settlement prices of the component futures on that day, except as noted below. 
If an exchange that a component or components of the futures price index is trading on is not open 
on the day of the Final Settlement Price because of a scheduled closing, then the contribution to 
the Final Settlement Price for the affected component or components shall be based on the 
settlement quotation of the first preceding Trading Day. 
If a component contract month's settlement price is limit bid or offer on the settlement day, then that 
contract's contribution to the S&P GSCI Futures Price Index Final Settlement Price is deferred for 
up to ten additional Business Days.  If subsequent to the settlement day the component commodity 
contract originally at limit trades at a price other than a limit bid or offer and settles at a non-limit bid 
or offer, then the price that shall be used as that contract's contribution to the S&P GSCI Futures 
Price Index Final Settlement Price shall be a price consistent with the minimum fluctuation for the 
commodity contract and shall be the settlement price for that day.  If in the ten Business Days 
subsequent to the settlement day, the component commodity originally at limit fails to trade and 
settle at a price other than a limit bid or offer, the contract's settlement price on the tenth 
subsequent Business Day shall be used as the contract's contribution to the S&P GSCI Futures 
Price Index Final Settlement Price. 
If a component contract month's settlement price on the day of regular calculation of the Final 
Settlement Price is unavailable because of an unanticipated and/or unannounced closure of 
component contract market, then the price of such component contract to be used in calculating the 
Final Settlement Price shall be the next available official settlement price. 
40103.B. 
Final Settlement  
Clearing members holding open positions in an S&P GSCI Commodity Index futures contract at the 
time of termination of trading in that contract shall make payment to or receive payment from the 
Clearing House in accordance with normal variation performance bond procedures based on a 
settlement price equal to the Final Settlement Price. 
40104. 
BASIS TRADE AT INDEX CLOSE (“BTIC”) TRANSACTIONS 
All BTIC transactions must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 524.B. 
40104.A.  
BTIC Block Trade Requirements 
BTIC block trades must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 526. For a BTIC 
block trade executed on a given Trading Day on or before the scheduled close of the underlying 
primary securities market, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the Index 
closing value for the current Trading Day. For a BTIC block trade executed on a given Trading Day 
after the scheduled close of the underlying primary securities market, the corresponding futures 
price shall be made by reference to the Index closing value for the next Trading Day. 
40104.B.  
BTIC Price Assignment Procedures 
The price assignment procedures for BTIC transactions shall follow Rule 524.B.3. 
40104.C. 
BTIC Minimum Price Increment 
The valid basis or price increment applied to the Index closing value to establish the BTIC futures 
price must be stated in full tick increments of 0.010 index points. 
40105. - 06. 
[RESERVED] 
(End of Chapter 401) 
 


 
 
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES 
RELATING TO CHAPTER 401 
S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC directly or through one or more affiliates (collectively, "S&P") licenses the 
Exchange to use various S&P stock indices ("S&P Stock Indices") in connection with the trading of futures 
contracts and options on futures contracts based upon such indices. S&P shall have no liability for any 
damages, claims, losses or expenses caused by any errors or delays in calculating or disseminating the 
S&P Stock Indices. 
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and its affiliates (collectively, "S&P") do not guarantee the accuracy and/or 
completeness of the S&P Stock Indices or any data included therein. S&P makes no warranty, express or 
implied, as to the results to be obtained by any person or any entity from the use of the S&P Stock Indices or 
any data included therein in connection with the trading of futures contracts, options on futures contracts or 
any other use. S&P makes no express or implied warranties, and expressly disclaims all warranties of 
merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use with respect to the S&P Stock Indices or any data 
included therein. Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall S&P have any liability for any 
special, punitive, indirect, or consequential damages (including lost profits), even if notified of the possibility 
of such damages. 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 3 
Chapter 403 
CME Degree Days Index Futures 
 
40300.    SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to CME Degree Days Index futures: the CME Heating-    
Degree-Days (CME-HDD) Index and the CME Cooling-Degree-Days (CME-CDD) Index.  In addition 
to this chapter, CME Degree Days Index futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations 
of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
40301.     CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS  
 
   1. 
Heating Degree Days and Cooling Degree Days 
The daily average temperature is defined as the arithmetic average of the maximum and minimum 
temperature recorded between 0000 LST to 2359 LST. Observations are recorded by the U.S. 
National Weather Service and processed by Speedwell Settlement Services Ltd. 
For each day, Heating-Degree-Days (HDD) is the greater of (1) zero, (2) 65 degrees Fahrenheit 
minus the daily average temperature. 
For each day, Cooling-Degree-Days (CDD) is the greater of (1) zero, (2) the daily average 
temperature minus 65 degrees Fahrenheit. 
2.  
The CME Degree Days Indexes and Listing Cities 
Each particular CME Degree Days index, is the accumulation of like Degree Days over a calendar 
month. The accumulation period of each CME-HDD or CME-CDD Index Futures contract begins with 
the first calendar day of the contract month and ends with the last calendar day of the contract month. 
The temperature for a particular city is reported from a specific automated weather station. The table 
below lists the cities and their corresponding weather stations: 
Listing Cities and Corresponding Automated Weather Stations 
Atlanta Hartsfield International Airport (WBAN 13874) 
Boston-Logan International Airport (WBAN 14739) 
Burbank-Glendale-Pasadena Airport (WBAN 23152) 
Chicago O'Hare International Airport (WBAN 94846) 
Cincinnati Northern Kentucky (Covington) Airport (WBAN 93814) 
Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport (WBAN 03927) 
Houston-George Bush Intercontinental Airport (WBAN 12960) 
Las Vegas McCarran International Airport (WBAN 23169) 
Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport (WBAN 14922) 
New York La Guardia Airport (WBAN 14732) 
Philadelphia International Airport (WBAN 13739) 
Portland International Airport (WBAN 24229) 
Sacramento Executive Airport (WBAN 23232) 
40302. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
40302.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours in such months as 
may be determined by the Exchange. 
40302.B. 
Trading Unit  
The size of the unit of trading shall be $20 times the respective CME Degree Days Index. 
40302.C. 
Price Increments  
The minimum price fluctuation on the respective CME Degree Days Index futures shall be 1 index 
point and have a value of $20. 
40302.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 3 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
40302.E. 
[Reserved] 
40302.F. 
[Reserved] 
40302.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. on the second Exchange Business Day after the 
futures contract month. 
40302.H. 
[Reserved] 
40302.I 
[Reserved] 
40303.     SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
 
     40303.A. 
Final Settlement Price  
All futures contracts remaining open at the termination of trading shall be settled using the 
respective CME Degree Days Index reported by Speedwell Settlement Services Ltd. for that city for 
that contract month, using the methodology in effect on that date, on the second Exchange 
Business Day after the futures contract month. For example, on January 5, 1999, the December 
1998 futures contract on the CME Chicago HDD Index would have been settled at 940.5 Heating 
Degree Days. 
40303.B. 
Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in a CME Degree Days Index futures contract at the 
termination of trading in that contract shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing 
House in accordance with normal variation performance bond procedures based on a settlement 
price equal to the final settlement price. 
40304. 
[RESERVED] 
40305. - 06. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 403) 
 
INTERPRETATIONS AND SPECIAL NOTICES 
RELATING TO CHAPTER 403  
 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND DISCLAIMER 
Speedwell Settlement Services Ltd. (“SSS”) grants the Exchange the rights to use various data (“Data”) in 
connection with the trading of futures contracts and options on futures contracts based upon such Data.   SSS 
makes no warranty, express or implied, as to the results to be obtained by any person or any entity from the use 
of the Data in connection with the trading of futures contracts, options on futures contracts or any other use.  
SSS makes no express or implied warranties, and expressly disclaims all warranties of merchantability or fitness 
for a particular purpose or use with respect to the Data.  Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall 
SSS have any liability for any special, punitive, indirect, or consequential damages (including lost profits), even if 
notified of the possibility of such damages. 
 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 3 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 1 of 3 
 
Chapter 403A 
Options on CME Degree Days Index Futures 
403A00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER  
This chapter is limited in application to options on CME Degree Days Index futures.  In addition to 
this chapter, options on CME Degree Days Index futures shall be subject to the general rules and 
regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
403A01. 
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS 
403A01.A. 
Contract Months and Trading Hours  
Options contracts shall be listed for such contract months and scheduled for trading during such 
hours as may be determined by the Exchange. 
403A01.B. 
Trading Unit 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy, in the case of the call, or to sell, in the case of the put, 
one CME Degree Days Index futures contract as specified in Chapter 403. The table below lists the 
cities and their corresponding weather stations for which options on CME Degree Days Index 
Futures are 
available: 
Listing Cities and Corresponding Automated Weather Stations 
Atlanta Hartsfield International Airport (WBAN 13874) 
Boston-Logan International Airport (WBAN 14739) 
Burbank-Glendale-Pasadena Airport (WBAN 23152) 
Chicago O’Hare International Airport (WBAN 94846) 
Cincinnati Northern Kentucky (Covington) Airport (WBAN 93814) 
Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport (WBAN 03927) 
Houston-George Bush Intercontinental Airport (WBAN 12960) 
Las Vegas McCarran International Airport (WBAN 23169) 
Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport (WBAN 14922) 
New York La Guardia Airport (WBAN 14732) 
Philadelphia International Airport (WBAN 13739) 
Portland International Airport (WBAN 24229) 
Sacramento Executive Airport (WBAN 23232) 
403A01.C. 
Minimum Fluctuations  
The price of an option shall be quoted in terms of the respective CME Degree Days Index.  Each 
index point represents $20. For example, a quote of 2 index points represents $40. The minimum 
fluctuation shall be 1.0 HDD or 1.0 CDD (also known as one tick), equal to $20. 
403A01.D. 
[Reserved] 
403A01.E. 
Exercise Prices  
Exercise prices shall be stated in terms of the respective CME Degree Days Index futures contract. 
Eligible exercise prices shall also be at intervals of 1 index point (e.g., 710, 711, 712, etc.). At the 
commencement of option trading in a contract month, the eligible put and call options are 
dynamically listed at intervals of 1 index point in a range of 0 to 1500 index points for CDD months 
and a range of 0 to 3200 index points for HDD months. New options may be listed for trading up to 
and including the termination of trading. The Exchange may modify the provisions governing the 
establishment of exercise prices as it deems appropriate. 
403A01.F. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels  


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 2 of 3 
 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
403A01.G. 
[Reserved] 
403A01.H. 
[Reserved] 
403A01.I. 
Termination of Trading 
Options trading shall terminate on the same date and time as the underlying futures contract. 
403A01.J. 
[Reserved] 
403A02. 
EXERCISE AND ASSIGNMENT 
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to 
the exercise of the CME Degree Days options. 
403A02.A. 
Exercise of Option by Buyer 
An option may be exercised by the buyer only on the termination of Trading Day. To exercise an 
option the clearing member representing the buyer shall present an exercise notice to the Clearing 
House by 5:30 p.m. on the day of exercise. 
An option that is in the money and has not been liquidated prior to the termination of trading shall, 
in the absence of contrary instructions delivered to the Clearing House by 5:30 p.m. on the day of 
expiration by the clearing member representing the option buyer, be exercised automatically. 
403A02.B. 
Assignment 
Exercise notices accepted by the Clearing House shall be assigned through a process of random 
selection to clearing members with open short positions in the same series.  A clearing member to 
which an exercise notice is assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as practicable after such 
notice is assigned by the Clearing House, but not later than 45 minutes before the opening of 
Regular Trading Hours in the underlying futures contract on the following Business Day. 
The clearing member assigned an exercise notice shall be assigned a short position in the 
underlying futures contract if a call is exercised or a long position if a put is exercised.  The clearing 
member representing the option buyer shall be assigned a long position in the underlying futures 
contract if a call is exercised and a short position if a put is exercised. 
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of the option and 
shall be marked to market in accordance with Rule 814 on the Trading Day of acceptance by the 
Clearing House of the exercise notice. 
403A03. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 403A) 
 
INTERPRETATIONS AND SPECIAL NOTICES 
RELATING TO CHAPTER 403A 
 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND DISCLAIMER 
Speedwell Settlement Services Ltd. (“SSS”) grants the Exchange the rights to use various data (“Data”) in 
connection with the trading of futures contracts and options on futures contracts based upon such Data.   SSS 
makes no warranty, express or implied, as to the results to be obtained by any person or any entity from the use 
of the Data in connection with the trading of futures contracts, options on futures contracts or any other use.  


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 3 of 3 
 
SSS makes no express or implied warranties, and expressly disclaims all warranties of merchantability or fitness 
for a particular purpose or use with respect to the Data.  Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall 
SSS have any liability for any special, punitive, indirect, or consequential damages (including lost profits), even if 
notified of the possibility of such damages. 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             
Page 1 of 3 
Chapter 405 
CME Seasonal Strip Degree Days Index Futures 
 
40500. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
  This chapter is limited in application to CME Seasonal Strip Degree Days Index futures: the CME 
Seasonal Strip Heating-Degree-Days (CME SSHDD) Index and the CME Seasonal Strip Cooling-
Degree-Days (CME SSCDD) Index.   In addition to this chapter, CME Seasonal Strip Degree Days 
Index futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange insofar as 
applicable. 
  For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
40501.       CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS  
1. 
 Heating Degree Days and Cooling Degree Days  
The daily average temperature is defined as the arithmetic average of the maximum and minimum 
temperature recorded between 0000 LST to 2359 LST. Observations are recorded by the U.S. 
National Weather Service and processed by Speedwell Settlement Services Ltd.  
For each day, Heating-Degree-Days (HDD) is the greater of (1) zero, (2) 65 degrees Fahrenheit 
minus the daily average temperature. 
For each day, Cooling-Degree-Days (CDD) is the greater of (1) zero, (2) the daily average 
temperature minus 65 degrees Fahrenheit. 
2. 
 The CME Seasonal Strip Degree Days Indexes and Listing Cities  
Each defined CME Seasonal Strip Degree Days index below is the accumulation of like Degree 
Days over the season. 
 
Cooling Degree Days Strips: 
• 
May – September 
Atlanta Hartsfield International Airport (WBAN 13874)  
Boston-Logan International Airport (WBAN 14739) 
Burbank-Glendale-Pasadena Airport (WBAN 23152) 
Chicago O’Hare International Airport (WBAN 94846)  
Cincinnati-Northern Kentucky (Covington) Airport (WBAN 93814)  
 
Dallas – Ft. Worth International Airport (WBAN 03927)  
 
Houston-George Bush Intercontinental Airport (WBAN 12960) 
 
Las Vegas McCarran International Airport (WBAN 23169)  
Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport (WBAN 14922)  
New York La Guardia Airport (WBAN 14732) 
Philadelphia International Airport (WBAN 13739) 
Portland International Airport (WBAN 24229)  
Sacramento Executive Airport (WBAN 23232)  
• 
July – August 
Atlanta Hartsfield International Airport (WBAN 13874)  
Boston-Logan International Airport (WBAN 14739) 
Burbank-Glendale-Pasadena Airport (WBAN 23152) 
Chicago O’Hare International Airport (WBAN 94846)  
Cincinnati-Northern Kentucky (Covington) Airport (WBAN 93814)  
 
Dallas – Ft. Worth International Airport (WBAN 03927) 
 
Houston-George Bush Intercontinental Airport (WBAN 12960)  
Las Vegas McCarran International Airport (WBAN 23169)  
Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport (WBAN 14922)  
New York La Guardia Airport (WBAN 14732) 
Philadelphia International Airport (WBAN 13739) 
Portland International Airport (WBAN 24229)  
Sacramento Executive Airport (WBAN 23232)  
 
Heating Degree Days Strips: 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             
Page 2 of 3 
• 
November – March  
Atlanta Hartsfield International Airport (WBAN 13874)  
Boston-Logan International Airport (WBAN 14739) 
Burbank-Glendale-Pasadena Airport (WBAN 23152) 
Chicago O’Hare International Airport (WBAN 94846)  
Cincinnati-Northern Kentucky (Covington) Airport (WBAN 93814)  
Dallas – Ft. Worth International Airport (WBAN 03927)  
Houston-George Bush Intercontinental Airport (WBAN 12960) 
Las Vegas McCarran International Airport (WBAN 23169)  
Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport (WBAN 14922)  
New York La Guardia Airport (WBAN 14732) 
Philadelphia International Airport (WBAN 13739) 
Portland International Airport (WBAN 24229)  
Sacramento Executive Airport (WBAN 23232)  
• 
December – February 
Atlanta Hartsfield International Airport (WBAN 13874) 
Boston-Logan International Airport (WBAN 14739) 
Burbank-Glendale-Pasadena Airport (WBAN 23152) 
Chicago O’Hare International Airport (WBAN 94846)  
Cincinnati-Northern Kentucky (Covington) Airport (WBAN 93814)  
Dallas – Ft. Worth International Airport (WBAN 03927)  
Houston-George Bush Intercontinental Airport (WBAN 12960) 
Las Vegas McCarran International Airport (WBAN 23169)  
Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport (WBAN 14922)  
New York La Guardia Airport (WBAN 14732) 
Philadelphia International Airport (WBAN 13739) 
Portland International Airport (WBAN 24229)  
Sacramento Executive Airport (WBAN 23232)  
A separate futures contract shall be listed for each strip. The accumulation period of each CME 
SSHDD or CME SSCDD begins with the first calendar day of the first month of the strip, and ends 
with the last calendar day of the last month of the defined strip.  
40502. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
40502.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours in such months as 
may be determined by the Exchange.  
40502.B. 
Trading Unit  
The size of the unit of trading shall be $20 times the respective CME Seasonal Strip Degree Days 
Index. 
40502.C. 
Price Increments  
The minimum price fluctuation on the CME Seasonal Strip Degree Days Index futures shall be 1 
index point and have a value of $20. 
40502.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
40502.E. 
[Reserved] 
40502.F. 
[Reserved] 
40502.G. 
Termination of Trading 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             
Page 3 of 3 
Futures trading shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. on the second Exchange Business Day after the last 
calendar day of the last month of the defined strip. 
40502.H. 
[Reserved] 
40502.I. 
[Reserved] 
40503. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES  
40503.A. 
Final Settlement Price  
All futures contracts remaining open at the termination of trading shall be settled using the 
respective CME Seasonal Strip Degree Days Index reported by Speedwell Settlement Services 
Ltd. for that city for that contract period, using the methodology in effect on that date, on the second 
Exchange Business Day after the last calendar day of the last month of the defined strip. For 
example, on April 3, 2001, the November 2000 - March 2001 futures contract on the CME Chicago 
Nov-Mar ’01 SSHDD Index would have been settled at 5660.0 Heating Degree Days. 
40503.B. 
Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in a CME Seasonal Strip Degree Days Index futures 
contract at the termination of trading in that contract shall make payment to or receive payment 
from the Clearing House in accordance with normal variation performance bond procedures based 
on a settlement price equal to the final settlement price.  
40504. 
[RESERVED] 
40505 - 06 [RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 405) 
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES  
RELATING TO CHAPTER 405 
 
 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND DISCLAIMER 
Speedwell Settlement Services Ltd. (“SSS”) grants the Exchange the rights to use various data (“Data”) in 
connection with the trading of futures contracts and options on futures contracts based upon such Data.   SSS 
makes no warranty, express or implied, as to the results to be obtained by any person or any entity from the use 
of the Data in connection with the trading of futures contracts, options on futures contracts or any other use.  
SSS makes no express or implied warranties, and expressly disclaims all warranties of merchantability or fitness 
for a particular purpose or use with respect to the Data.  Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall 
SSS have any liability for any special, punitive, indirect, or consequential damages (including lost profits), even if 
notified of the possibility of such damages. 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 1 of 3 
Chapter 405A 
Options on CME Seasonal Strip Degree Days Index Futures 
405A00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to options on CME Seasonal Strip Degree Days Index futures.   
In addition to this chapter, options on CME Seasonal Strip Degree Days Index futures shall be 
subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
405A01. 
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS 
405A01.A. 
Contract Months and Trading Hours 
Options contracts shall be listed for such contract months and scheduled for trading during such 
hours as may be determined by the Exchange.  
405A01.B. 
Trading Unit 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy, in the case of the call, or to sell, in the case of the put, 
one respective CME Seasonal Strip Degree Days Index futures contract as specified in Chapter 
405. The table below lists the cities and their corresponding weather stations for which options on 
CME Seasonal Strip Degree Days Index Futures are available: 
Listing Cities and Corresponding Automated Weather Stations 
Atlanta Hartsfield International Airport (WBAN 13874) 
Boston-Logan International Airport (WBAN 14739) 
Burbank-Glendale-Pasadena Airport (WBAN 23152) 
Chicago O’Hare International Airport (WBAN 94846) 
Cincinnati Northern Kentucky (Covington) Airport (WBAN 93814) 
Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport (WBAN 03927) 
Houston-George Bush Intercontinental Airport (WBAN 12960) 
Las Vegas McCarran International Airport (WBAN 23169) 
Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport (WBAN 14922) 
New York La Guardia Airport (WBAN 14732) 
Philadelphia International Airport (WBAN 13739) 
Portland International Airport (WBAN 24229) 
Sacramento Executive Airport (WBAN 23232) 
405A01.C. 
Minimum Fluctuations 
The price of an option shall be quoted in terms of the respective CME Seasonal Strip Degree Days 
Index.  Each index point represents $20. For example, a quote of 2 index points represents $40. 
The minimum fluctuation shall be 1.0 HDD or 1.0 CDD (also known as one tick), equal to $20.  
405A01.D. 
[Reserved] 
405A01.E. 
Exercise Prices 
Exercise prices shall be stated in terms of the respective CME Seasonal Strip Degree Days Index 
futures contract.  Eligible exercise prices shall be at intervals of 1 CME Seasonal Strip Degree 
Days Index point (e.g., 4510, 4511, 4512, etc.).  
At the commencement of options trading in a contract month, the eligible put and call options are 
dynamically listed at intervals of 1 index point in a range of 0 to 7500 index points for the CDD 
season and a range of 0 to 16,000 index points for the HDD season.  New options may be listed for 
trading up to and including the termination of trading.  
The Exchange may modify the provisions governing the establishment of exercise prices as it 
deems appropriate. 
405A01.F. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 2 of 3 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
405A01.G. 
[Reserved] 
405A01.H. 
[Reserved] 
405A01.I. 
Termination of Trading 
Options trading shall terminate on the same date and time as the underlying futures contract. 
405A01.J. 
[Reserved] 
405A02. 
EXERCISE AND ASSIGNMENT 
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to 
the exercise of the CME Seasonal Degree Days options.  
405A02.A. 
Exercise of Option by Buyer 
An option may be exercised by the buyer only on the termination of Trading Day. To exercise an 
option the clearing member representing the buyer shall present an exercise notice to the Clearing 
House by 5:30 p.m. on the day of exercise.  
An option that is in the money and has not been liquidated prior to the termination of trading shall, 
in the absence of contrary instructions delivered to the Clearing House by 5:30 p.m. on the day of 
expiration by the clearing member representing the option buyer, be exercised automatically.  
405A02.B. 
Assignment 
Exercise notices accepted by the Clearing House shall be assigned through a process of random 
selection to clearing members with open short positions in the same series.  A clearing member to 
which an exercise notice is assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as practicable after such 
notice is assigned by the Clearing House, but not later than 45 minutes before the opening of 
Regular Trading Hours in the underlying futures contract on the following Business Day.  
The clearing member assigned an exercise notice shall be assigned a short position in the 
underlying futures contract if a call is exercised or a long position if a put is exercised.  The clearing 
member representing the option buyer shall be assigned a long position in the underlying futures 
contract if a call is exercised and a short position if a put is exercised.  
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of the option and 
shall be marked to market in accordance with Rule 814 on the Trading Day of acceptance by the 
Clearing House of the exercise notice.  
405A03. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 405A)  
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES  
RELATING TO CHAPTER 405A 
 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND DISCLAIMER 
Speedwell Settlement Services Ltd. (“SSS”) grants the Exchange the rights to use various data (“Data”) in 
connection with the trading of futures contracts and options on futures contracts based upon such Data.   SSS 
makes no warranty, express or implied, as to the results to be obtained by any person or any entity from the use 
of the Data in connection with the trading of futures contracts, options on futures contracts or any other use.  
SSS makes no express or implied warranties, and expressly disclaims all warranties of merchantability or fitness 
for a particular purpose or use with respect to the Data.  Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall 
SSS have any liability for any special, punitive, indirect, or consequential damages (including lost profits), even if 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 3 of 3 
notified of the possibility of such damages. 
 


© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
 
 
 
Chapter 406 
CME European HDD Index Futures 
40600. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to CME European HDD Index futures. In addition to this 
chapter, CME European HDD Index futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of 
the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
40601.          CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
     1.   Heating Degree Days (HDD)  
The daily average temperature is defined as the arithmetic average of the maximum temperature 
(Tmax) and minimum temperature (Tmin), measured at the following times for each location. 
Observations are recorded by the relevant National Meteorological Service and processed by 
Speedwell Settlement Services Ltd. 
• 
Amsterdam-Schiphol, Netherlands (WMO 06240) 
 
Tmax: observed 0000 UTCD0 to 0000 UTCD+1 (D = calendar day) 
 
Tmin:  observed 0000 UTCD0 to 0000 UTCD+1 (D = calendar day) 
 
National Meteorological Service:  Royal Netherlands Meteorological Institute (KNMI) 
 
• 
London-Heathrow, United Kingdom (WMO 03772) 
 
Tmax: observed 0850 UTCD0 to 0850 UTCD+1 (D = calendar day) 
 
Tmin:  observed 0850 UTCD-1 to 0850 UTCD0 (D = calendar day) 
 
National Meteorological Service:  UK Met Office 
 
 
 
 
 
• 
ESSEN, Germany (WMO 10410) 
 
 
Tmax: observed 0000 UTCD0 to 0000 UTCD+1 
 
 
Tmin: observed 0000 UTCD0 to 0000 UTCD+1 
 
 
National Meteorological Service: Deutscher Wetterdienst (DWD) 
 
• 
PARIS ORLY, France (WMO 07149) 
 
Tmax: observed 0600 UTCD0 to 0600 UTCD+1 
 
Tmin: observed 1800 UTCD-1 to 1800 UTCD0 
 
National Meteorological Service: Meteo France 
 
For each day, HDD is the greater of (1) zero, (2) 18 degrees Celsius (“C”) minus the daily average 
temperature. 
    2.      The CME European HDD Indexes  
Each particular CME European HDD Index is the accumulation of like Degree Days over a calendar 
month. The accumulation period of each CME European HDD Index futures contract begins with the 
first calendar day of the contract month and ends with the last calendar day of the contract month. 
 
40602. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
40602.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours in such months as 
may be determined by the Exchange. 
40602.B. 
Trading Unit 
The size of the unit of trading shall be 20 British pounds (pounds sterling) for London-Heathrow, or 
20 Euros (€) for all other locations, times the respective CME European HDD Index. 
40602.C. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation of the respective CME European HDD Index futures shall be 1 index 


© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
 
 
point and have a value of 20 British pounds (pounds sterling) for London-Heathrow, or 20 Euros (€) 
for all other locations. 
40602.D. Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
40602.E. 
[Reserved] 
40602.F. 
[Reserved] 
40602.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. on the fifth Exchange Business Day after the futures 
contract month. 
40602.H. 
[Reserved] 
40602.I. 
[Reserved] 
40603.          SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
 
        40603.A. 
Final Settlement Price 
 All futures contracts remaining open at the termination of trading shall be settled using the respective      
CME European HDD Index Speedwell Settlement Services Ltd. for that city for that contract month,  
using the methodology in effect on that date, on the fifth Exchange Business Day after the futures 
contract month. For example, on January 8, 2003, the December 2002 futures contract on the CME 
Amsterdam-Schiphol European HDD Index would have been settled at 468.60 Heating Degree Days. 
40603.B. 
Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in a CME European HDD Index futures contract at the 
termination of trading in that contract shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing 
House in accordance with normal variation performance bond procedures based on a settlement price 
equal to the final settlement price. 
40604. 
[RESERVED] 
40605.-06.  [RESERVED] 
 
(End Chapter 406) 
 
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES 
RELATING TO CHAPTER 406 
 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND DISCLAIMER 
Speedwell Settlement Services Ltd. (“SSS”) grants the Exchange the rights to use various data (“Data”) in 
connection with the trading of futures contracts and options on futures contracts based upon such Data.   SSS 
makes no warranty, express or implied, as to the results to be obtained by any person or any entity from the use of 
the Data in connection with the trading of futures contracts, options on futures contracts or any other use.  SSS 
makes no express or implied warranties, and expressly disclaims all warranties of merchantability or fitness for a 
particular purpose or use with respect to the Data.  Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall SSS have 
any liability for any special, punitive, indirect, or consequential damages (including lost profits), even if notified of the 
possibility of such damages. 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 406A 
Options on CME European HDD Index Futures 
406A00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to options on CME European HDD Index futures.  In addition to 
this chapter, options on CME European HDD Index futures shall be subject to the general rules and 
regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
406A01. 
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS 
406A01. A. Contract Months and Trading Hours 
Options contracts shall be listed for such contract months and scheduled for trading during such 
hours as may be determined by the Exchange. 
406A01. B. Trading Unit 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy, in the case of the call, or to sell, in the case of the put, 
one respective CME European HDD Index futures contract as specified in Chapter 406. The table 
below lists the cities and their corresponding weather stations for which options on CME European 
HDD Index Futures are available: 
Listing Cities and Corresponding Automated Weather Stations 
Amsterdam-Schiphol, Netherlands (WMO 06240) 
London-Heathrow, United Kingdom (WMO 03772) 
ESSEN, Germany (WMO 10410) 
PARIS ORLY, France (WMO 07149) 
406A01.C. 
Minimum Fluctuations  
The price of an option shall be quoted in terms of the respective CME European HDD Index.  Each 
index point represents 20 British pounds (pounds sterling) for London-Heathrow, or 20 Euros (€) for 
all other locations. For example, a quote of 2 index points represents 40 British pounds (pounds 
sterling) for London-Heathrow, or 40 Euros (€) for all other locations. The minimum fluctuation shall 
be 1.0 index point (also known as one tick), equal to 20 British pounds (pounds sterling) for 
London-Heathrow, or 20 Euros (€) for all other locations. 
406A01.D. 
[Reserved] 
406A01.E. 
Exercise Prices 
Exercise prices shall be stated in terms of the respective CME European HDD Index futures 
contract. Eligible exercise prices shall also be at intervals of 1 index point (e.g., 710, 711, 712, 
etc.). At the commencement of option trading in a contract month, the eligible put and call options 
are dynamically listed at intervals of 1 index point in a range of 0 to 1700 index points for HDD 
months. New options may be listed for trading up to and including the termination of trading. The 
Exchange may modify the provisions governing the establishment of exercise prices as it deems 
appropriate. 
406A01.F. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
406A01.G. 
[Reserved] 
406A01.H. 
[Reserved] 
406A01.I. 
Termination of Trading 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 2 of 2 
Options trading shall terminate on the same date and time as the underlying futures contract. 
406A01.J. 
[Reserved] 
406A02. 
EXERCISE AND ASSIGNMENT 
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to 
the exercise of the CME European HDD options. 
406A02.A. 
Exercise of Option by Buyer 
An option may be exercised by the buyer only on the termination of Trading Day. To exercise an 
option the clearing member representing the buyer shall present an exercise notice to the Clearing 
House by 5:30 p.m. on the day of exercise. 
An option that is in the money and has not been liquidated prior to the termination of trading shall, 
in the absence of contrary instructions delivered to the Clearing House by 5:30 p.m. on the day of 
expiration by the clearing member representing the option buyer, be exercised automatically. 
406A02.B. 
Assignment 
Exercise notices accepted by the Clearing House shall be assigned through a process of random 
selection to clearing members with open short positions in the same series.  A clearing member to 
which an exercise notice is assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as practicable after such 
notice is assigned by the Clearing House, but not later than 45 minutes before the opening of 
Regular Trading Hours in the underlying futures contract on the following Business Day. 
The clearing member assigned an exercise notice shall be assigned a short position in the 
underlying futures contract if a call is exercised or a long position if a put is exercised.  The clearing 
member representing the option buyer shall be assigned a long position in the underlying futures 
contract if a call is exercised and a short position if a put is exercised. 
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of the option and 
shall be marked to market in accordance with Rule 814 on the Trading Day of acceptance by the 
Clearing House of the exercise notice. 
406A03. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 406A) 
 
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES  
RELATING TO CHAPTER 406A 
 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND DISCLAIMER 
Speedwell Settlement Services Ltd. (“SSS”) grants the Exchange the rights to use various data (“Data”) in 
connection with the trading of futures contracts and options on futures contracts based upon such Data.   SSS 
makes no warranty, express or implied, as to the results to be obtained by any person or any entity from the use 
of the Data in connection with the trading of futures contracts, options on futures contracts or any other use.  
SSS makes no express or implied warranties, and expressly disclaims all warranties of merchantability or fitness 
for a particular purpose or use with respect to the Data.  Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall 
SSS have any liability for any special, punitive, indirect, or consequential damages (including lost profits), even if 
notified of the possibility of such damages. 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 1 of 3 
Chapter 407 
CME European Seasonal Strip HDD Index Futures 
40700. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to CME European Seasonal Strip HDD Index futures.  In 
addition to this chapter, CME European Seasonal Strip HDD Index futures shall be subject to the 
general rules and regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
40701.        CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
 
 
 
1. 
Heating Degree Days (HDD)  
The daily average temperature is defined as the arithmetic average of the maximum temperature 
(Tmax) and minimum temperature (Tmin), measured at the following times for each location. 
Observations are recorded by the relevant National Meteorological Service and processed by 
Speedwell Settlement Services Ltd. 
• 
Amsterdam-Schiphol, Netherlands (WMO 06240) 
 
Tmax: observed 0000 UTCD0 to 0000 UTCD+1 (D = calendar day) 
 
Tmin:  observed 0000 UTCD0 to 0000 UTCD+1 (D = calendar day) 
 
National Meteorological Service:  Royal Netherlands Meteorological Institute (KNMI) 
 
• 
London-Heathrow, United Kingdom (WMO 03772) 
 
Tmax: observed 0850 UTCD0 to 0850 UTCD+1 (D = calendar day) 
 
Tmin:  observed 0850 UTCD-1 to 0850 UTCD0 (D = calendar day) 
 
National Meteorological Service:  UK Met Office 
 
 
 
 
 
• 
ESSEN, Germany (WMO 10410) 
 
 
Tmax: observed 0000 UTCD0 to 0000 UTCD+1 
 
 
Tmin: observed 0000 UTCD0 to 0000 UTCD+1 
 
 
National Meteorological Service: Deutscher Wetterdienst (DWD) 
 
• 
PARIS ORLY, France (WMO 07149) 
 
Tmax: observed 0600 UTCD0 to 0600 UTCD+1 
 
Tmin: observed 1800 UTCD-1 to 1800 UTCD0 
 
National Meteorological Service: Meteo France 
 
For each day, HDD is the greater of (1) zero, (2) 18 degrees Celsius (“C”) minus the daily average 
temperature. 
2. 
The CME European Seasonal Strip HDD Indexes  
Each defined CME European Seasonal Strip HDD index below is the accumulation of like Degree 
Days over the season. 
Heating Degree Days Strips: 
• 
November – March 
• 
December – February 
A separate futures contract shall be listed for each strip. The accumulation period of each CME 
European Seasonal Strip HDD begins with the first calendar day of the first month of the strip and 
ends with the last calendar day of the last month in the defined strip.  
40702. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
40702.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours in such months as 
may be determined by the Exchange.  


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 2 of 3 
40702.B. 
Trading Unit 
The size of the unit of trading shall be 20 British pounds (pounds sterling) for London-Heathrow, or 
20 Euros (€) for all other locations, times the respective CME European Seasonal Strip HDD Index.  
40702.C. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation on the CME European Seasonal Strip HDD Index futures shall be 1 
index point and have a value of 20 British pounds (pounds sterling) for London-Heathrow, or 20 
Euros (€) for all other locations.  
40702.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
40702.E. 
[Reserved] 
40702.F. 
[Reserved] 
40702.G. 
Termination of Trading  
Futures trading shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. on the fifth Exchange Business Day after the last 
calendar day of the last month of the defined strip. 
40702.H. 
[Reserved] 
40702. I. 
[Reserved] 
40703.     SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
                   40703.A. 
Final Settlement Price 
All futures contracts remaining open at the termination of trading shall be settled using the 
respective CME European Seasonal Strip HDD Index reported by Speedwell Settlement Services 
Ltd. for that city for that contract period, using the methodology in effect on that date, on the fifth 
Exchange Business Day after the last calendar day of the last month of the defined strip. For 
example, on April 7, 2003, the November 2002 - March 2003 futures contract on the CME 
Amsterdam-Schiphol Nov ’02 – Mar ’03 European Seasonal Strip HDD Index would have been 
settled at 1994.90 Heating Degree Days. 
40703.B. 
Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in a CME European Seasonal Strip HDD Index futures 
contract at the termination of trading in that contract shall make payment to or receive payment 
from the Clearing House in accordance with normal variation performance bond procedures based 
on a settlement price equal to the final settlement price.  
40704. 
[RESERVED] 
40705.-06. [RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 407)  
 
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES  
RELATING TO CHAPTER 407 
 
 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND DISCLAIMER 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 3 of 3 
Speedwell Settlement Services Ltd. (“SSS”) grants the Exchange the rights to use various data (“Data”) in 
connection with the trading of futures contracts and options on futures contracts based upon such Data.   SSS 
makes no warranty, express or implied, as to the results to be obtained by any person or any entity from the use 
of the Data in connection with the trading of futures contracts, options on futures contracts or any other use.  
SSS makes no express or implied warranties, and expressly disclaims all warranties of merchantability or fitness 
for a particular purpose or use with respect to the Data.  Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall 
SSS have any liability for any special, punitive, indirect, or consequential damages (including lost profits), even if 
notified of the possibility of such damages. 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 407A 
Options on CME European Seasonal Strip HDD Index Futures 
407A00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to options on CME European Seasonal Strip HDD Index 
futures.  In addition to this chapter, options on CME European Seasonal Strip HDD Index futures 
shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
407A01. 
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS 
407A01. A. Contract Months and Trading Hours 
Options contracts shall be listed for such contract months and scheduled for trading during such 
hours as may be determined by the Exchange.  
407A01. B. Trading Unit 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy, in the case of the call, or to sell, in the case of the put, 
one respective CME European Seasonal Strip HDD Index futures contract as specified in Chapter 
407. The table below lists the cities and their corresponding weather stations for which options on 
CME European  
Seasonal Strip HDD Index Futures are available: 
Listing Cities and Corresponding Automated Weather Stations 
Amsterdam-Schiphol, Netherlands (WMO 06240) 
London-Heathrow, United Kingdom (WMO 03772) 
ESSEN, Germany (WMO 10410) 
PARIS ORLY, France (WMO 07149) 
407A01.C. 
Minimum Fluctuations 
The price of an option shall be quoted in terms of the respective CME European Seasonal Strip 
HDD Index.  Each index point represents 20 British pounds (pounds sterling) for London-Heathrow, 
or 20 Euros (€) for all other locations. For example, a quote of 2 index points represents 40 British 
pounds (pounds sterling) for London-Heathrow, or 40 Euros (€) for all other locations. The 
minimum fluctuation shall be 1.0 index point (also known as one tick), equal to 20 British pounds 
(pounds sterling) for London-Heathrow, or 20 Euros (€) for all other locations.  
407A01.D. 
[Reserved] 
407A01.E. 
Exercise Prices 
Exercise prices shall be stated in terms of the respective CME European Seasonal Strip HDD 
Index futures contract. Eligible exercise prices shall be at intervals of 1 CME Seasonal Degree 
Days Index point (e.g., 4510, 4511, 4512, etc.). At the commencement of options trading in a 
contract month, the eligible put and call options are dynamically listed at intervals of 1 index point in 
a range of 0 to 8500 index points for a seasonal Strip HDD. New options may be listed for trading 
up to and including the termination of trading. The Exchange may modify the provisions governing 
the establishment of exercise prices as it deems appropriate. 
407A01.F. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
407A01.G. 
[Reserved] 
407A01.H. 
[Reserved] 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 2 of 2 
407A01.I. 
Termination of Trading 
Options trading shall terminate on the same date and time as the underlying futures contract. 
407A01.J. 
[Reserved] 
407A02. 
EXERCISE AND ASSIGNMENT 
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to 
the exercise of the CME European Seasonal Strip HDD options.  
407A02.A. 
Exercise of Option by Buyer 
An option may be exercised by the buyer only on the termination of Trading Day. To exercise an 
option the clearing member representing the buyer shall present an exercise notice to the Clearing 
House by 5:30 p.m. on the day of exercise.  
An option that is in the money and has not been liquidated prior to the termination of trading shall, 
in the absence of contrary instructions delivered to the Clearing House by 5:30 p.m. on the day of 
expiration by the clearing member representing the option buyer, be exercised automatically.  
407A02.B. 
Assignment 
Exercise notices accepted by the Clearing House shall be assigned through a process of random 
selection to clearing members with open short positions in the same series.  A clearing member to 
which an exercise notice is assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as practicable after such 
notice is assigned by the Clearing House, but not later than 45 minutes before the opening of 
Regular Trading Hours in the underlying futures contract on the following Business Day.  
The clearing member assigned an exercise notice shall be assigned a short position in the 
underlying futures contract if a call is exercised or a long position if a put is exercised.  The clearing 
member representing the option buyer shall be assigned a long position in the underlying futures 
contract if a call is exercised and a short position if a put is exercised.  
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of the option and 
shall be marked to market in accordance with Rule 814 on the Trading Day of acceptance by the 
Clearing House of the exercise notice.  
407A03. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 407A)  
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES  
RELATING TO CHAPTER 407A 
 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND DISCLAIMER 
Speedwell Settlement Services Ltd. (“SSS”) grants the Exchange the rights to use various data (“Data”) in 
connection with the trading of futures contracts and options on futures contracts based upon such Data.   SSS 
makes no warranty, express or implied, as to the results to be obtained by any person or any entity from the use 
of the Data in connection with the trading of futures contracts, options on futures contracts or any other use.  
SSS makes no express or implied warranties, and expressly disclaims all warranties of merchantability or fitness 
for a particular purpose or use with respect to the Data.  Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall 
SSS have any liability for any special, punitive, indirect, or consequential damages (including lost profits), even if 
notified of the possibility of such damages. 
 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 408 
CME European CAT Index Futures 
40800. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to CME European CAT Index futures.  In addition to this 
chapter, CME European CAT Index futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of 
the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
40801. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
 
 
1. 
Cumulative Average Temperature (CAT)  
The daily average temperature is defined as the arithmetic average of the maximum temperature 
(Tmax) and minimum temperature (Tmin), measured at the following times for each location. 
Observations are recorded by the relevant National Meteorological Service and processed by 
Speedwell Settlement Services Ltd. 
 
• 
Amsterdam-Schiphol, Netherlands (WMO 06240) 
 
Tmax: observed 0000 UTCD0 to 0000 UTCD+1 (D = calendar day) 
 
Tmin:  observed 0000 UTCD0 to 0000 UTCD+1 (D = calendar day) 
 
National Meteorological Service:  Royal Netherlands Meteorological Institute (KNMI) 
 
• 
London-Heathrow, United Kingdom (WMO 03772) 
 
Tmax: observed 0850 UTCD0 to 0850 UTCD+1 (D = calendar day) 
 
Tmin:  observed 0850 UTCD-1 to 0850 UTCD0 (D = calendar day) 
 
National Meteorological Service:  UK Met Office 
 
 
 
 
 
• 
ESSEN, Germany (WMO 10410) 
 
 
Tmax: observed 0000 UTCD0 to 0000 UTCD+1 
 
 
Tmin: observed 0000 UTCD0 to 0000 UTCD+1 
 
 
National Meteorological Service: Deutscher Wetterdienst (DWD) 
 
• 
PARIS ORLY, France (WMO 07149) 
 
Tmax: observed 0600 UTCD0 to 0600 UTCD+1 
 
Tmin: observed 1800 UTCD-1 to 1800 UTCD0 
 
National Meteorological Service: Meteo France 
 
2. 
The CME European CAT Indexes  
Each particular CME European CAT Index is the accumulation of like daily average temperatures 
over a calendar month. The accumulation period of each CME European CAT Index futures 
contract begins with the first calendar day of the contract month and ends with the last calendar 
day of the contract month. 
40802. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
40802.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours in such months as 
may be determined by the Exchange. 
40802.B. 
Trading Unit 
The size of the unit of trading shall be 20 British pounds (pounds sterling) for London-Heathrow, or 
20 Euros (€) for all other locations, times the respective CME European CAT Index. 
40802.C. 
Price Increments  
The minimum price fluctuation of the respective CME European CAT Index futures shall be 1 index 
point and have a value of 20 British pounds (pounds sterling) for London-Heathrow, or 20 Euros (€) 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 2 
for all other locations. 
40802.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
40802.E. 
[Reserved] 
40802.F. 
[Reserved] 
40802.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. on the fifth Exchange Business Day after the futures 
contract month. 
40802.H. 
[Reserved] 
40802.I. 
[Reserved] 
40803. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
 
       40803.A. 
Final Settlement Price 
All futures contracts remaining open at the termination of trading shall be settled using the 
respective CME European CAT Index reported by Speedwell Settlement Services Ltd. for that city 
for that contract month, using the methodology in effect on that date, on the fifth Exchange 
Business Day after the futures contract month. For example, on July 8, 2003, the June 2003 futures 
contract on the CME Amsterdam-Schiphol European CAT Index would have been settled at 507.65 
Degrees. 
40803.B. Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in a CME European CAT Index futures contract at the 
termination of trading in that contract shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing 
House in accordance with normal variation performance bond procedures based on a settlement 
price equal to the final settlement price. 
40804. 
[RESERVED] 
40805.-06. [RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 408) 
 
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES  
RELATING TO CHAPTER 408 
 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND DISCLAIMER 
Speedwell Settlement Services Ltd. (“SSS”) grants the Exchange the rights to use various data (“Data”) in 
connection with the trading of futures contracts and options on futures contracts based upon such Data. SSS 
makes no warranty, express or implied, as to the results to be obtained by any person or any entity from the use 
of the Data in connection with the trading of futures contracts, options on futures contracts or any other use.  
SSS makes no express or implied warranties, and expressly disclaims all warranties of merchantability or fitness 
for a particular purpose or use with respect to the Data.  Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall 
SSS have any liability for any special, punitive, indirect, or consequential damages (including lost profits), even if 
notified of the possibility of such damages.  
 


© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
 
 
 
Chapter 408A 
Options on CME European CAT Index Futures 
408A00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to options on CME European CAT Index futures.    In addition 
to this chapter, options on CME European CAT Index futures shall be subject to the general rules 
and regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
408A01. 
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS 
408A01. A. Contract Months and Trading Hours 
Options contracts shall be listed for such contract months and scheduled for trading during such 
hours as may be determined by the Exchange. 
408A01. B. Trading Unit 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy, in the case of the call, or to sell, in the case of the put, 
one respective CME European CAT Index futures contract as specified in Chapter 408. 
408A01.C.   Minimum Fluctuations 
The price of an option shall be quoted in terms of the respective CME European CAT Index. Each 
index point represents 20 British pounds (pounds sterling) for London-Heathrow, or 20 Euros (€) for 
all other locations. For example, a quote of 2 index points represents 40 British pounds (pounds 
sterling) for London-Heathrow, or 40 Euros (€) for all other locations. The minimum fluctuation shall 
be 1.0 index point (also known as one tick), equal to 20 British pounds (pounds sterling) for 
London-Heathrow, or 20 Euros (€) for all other locations. 
408A01.D. 
[Reserved] 
408A01.E. Exercise Prices 
Exercise prices shall be stated in terms of the respective CME European CAT Index futures 
contract. Eligible exercise prices shall also be at intervals of 1 index point (e.g., 710, 711, 712, 
etc.). At the commencement of option trading in a contract month, the eligible put and call options 
are dynamically listed at intervals of 1 index point in a range of 0 to 1300 index points for CAT 
months. New options may be listed for trading up to and including the termination of trading. The 
Exchange may modify the provisions governing the establishment of exercise prices as it deems 
appropriate. 
408A01.F.   Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
408A01.G. 
[Reserved] 
408A01.H. 
[Reserved] 
408A01.I. 
Termination of Trading 
Options trading shall terminate on the same date and time as the underlying futures contract. 
408A01.J. 
[Reserved] 
408A02. 
EXERCISE AND ASSIGNMENT 
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to 
the exercise of the CME European CAT options. 


© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
 
 
 
408A02.A.   Exercise of Option by Buyer 
An option may be exercised by the buyer only on the termination of Trading Day. To exercise an 
option the clearing member representing the buyer shall present an exercise notice to the Clearing 
House by 5:30 p.m. on the day of exercise. 
An option that is in the money and has not been liquidated prior to the termination of trading shall, 
in the absence of contrary instructions delivered to the Clearing House by 5:30 p.m. on the day of 
expiration by the clearing member representing the option buyer, be exercised automatically. 
408A02.B.   Assignment 
Exercise notices accepted by the Clearing House shall be assigned through a process of random 
selection to clearing members with open short positions in the same series. A clearing member to 
which an exercise notice is assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as practicable after such 
notice is assigned by the Clearing House, but not later than 45 minutes before the opening of 
Regular Trading Hours in the underlying futures contract on the following Business Day. 
The clearing member assigned an exercise notice shall be assigned a short position in the 
underlying futures contract if a call is exercised or a long position if a put is exercised. The clearing 
member representing the option buyer shall be assigned a long position in the underlying futures 
contract if a call is exercised and a short position if a put is exercised. 
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of the option and 
shall be marked to market in accordance with Rule 814 on the Trading Day of acceptance by the 
Clearing House of the exercise notice. 
408A03. 
[RESERVED] 
 
(End Chapter 408A) 
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES 
RELATING TO CHAPTER 408A 
 
 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND DISCLAIMER 
Speedwell Settlement Services Ltd. (“SSS”) grants the Exchange the rights to use various data (“Data”) in 
connection with the trading of futures contracts and options on futures contracts based upon such Data.   SSS 
makes no warranty, express or implied, as to the results to be obtained by any person or any entity from the use of 
the Data in connection with the trading of futures contracts, options on futures contracts or any other use.  SSS 
makes no express or implied warranties, and expressly disclaims all warranties of merchantability or fitness for a 
particular purpose or use with respect to the Data.  Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall SSS have 
any liability for any special, punitive, indirect, or consequential damages (including lost profits), even if notified of the 
possibility of such damages. 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 1 of 3 
Chapter 409 
CME European Seasonal CAT Strip Index Futures 
 
40900. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to CME European Seasonal Strip CAT Index futures.  In 
addition to this chapter, CME European Seasonal CAT Strip Index futures shall be subject to the 
general rules and regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
40901.     CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
 
      1. 
Cumulative Average Temperature (CAT)  
The daily average temperature is defined as the arithmetic average of the maximum temperature 
(Tmax) and minimum temperature (Tmin), measured at the following times for each location. 
Observations are recorded by the relevant National Meteorological Service and processed by 
Speedwell Settlement Services Ltd. 
• 
Amsterdam-Schiphol, Netherlands (WMO 06240) 
 
Tmax: observed 0000 UTCD0 to 0000 UTCD+1 (D = calendar day) 
 
Tmin:  observed 0000 UTCD0 to 0000 UTCD+1 (D = calendar day) 
 
National Meteorological Service:  Royal Netherlands Meteorological Institute (KNMI) 
 
• 
London-Heathrow, United Kingdom (WMO 03772) 
 
Tmax: observed 0850 UTCD0 to 0850 UTCD+1 (D = calendar day) 
 
Tmin:  observed 0850 UTCD-1 to 0850 UTCD0 (D = calendar day) 
 
National Meteorological Service:  UK Met Office 
 
 
 
 
 
• 
ESSEN, Germany (WMO 10410) 
 
 
Tmax: observed 0000 UTCD0 to 0000 UTCD+1 
 
 
Tmin: observed 0000 UTCD0 to 0000 UTCD+1 
 
 
National Meteorological Service: Deutscher Wetterdienst (DWD) 
 
• 
PARIS ORLY, France (WMO 07149) 
 
Tmax: observed 0600 UTCD0 to 0600 UTCD+1 
 
Tmin: observed 1800 UTCD-1 to 1800 UTCD0 
 
National Meteorological Service: Meteo France 
 
2. 
The CME European Seasonal Strip CAT Indexes  
Each defined CME European Seasonal Strip CAT index below is the accumulation of like daily 
average temperatures over the season. 
CAT Strips: 
• 
May – September 
• 
July - August 
 
A separate futures contract shall be listed for each strip. The accumulation period of each CME 
European Seasonal Strip CAT Index begins with the first calendar day of the first month of the strip, 
and ends with the last calendar day of the last month of the strip.  
40902. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
40902.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours in such months as 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 2 of 3 
may be determined by the Exchange.  
40902.B. 
Trading Unit 
The size of the unit of trading shall be 20 British pounds (pounds sterling) for London-Heathrow, or 
20 Euros (€) for all other locations, times the respective CME European Seasonal Strip CAT Index.  
40902.C. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation on the CME European Seasonal Strip CAT Index futures shall be 1 
index point and have a value of 20 British pounds (pounds sterling) for London-Heathrow, or 20 
Euros (€) for all other locations.  
40902.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
40902.E. 
[Reserved] 
40902.F. 
[Reserved] 
40902.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. on the fifth Exchange Business Day after the last 
calendar day of the last month of the defined strip. 
40902.H. 
[Reserved] 
40902.I. 
[Reserved] 
40903.     SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
 
      40903.A. 
Final Settlement Price 
All futures contracts remaining open at the termination of trading shall be settled using the 
respective CME European Seasonal Strip CAT Index reported by Speedwell Settlement Services 
Ltd. for that city for that contract period, using the methodology in effect on that date, on the fifth 
Exchange Business Day after the last calendar day of the last month of the defined strip. For 
example, on October 7, 2002, the May 2002 - September 2002 futures contract on the CME 
Amsterdam-Schiphol May – September ’02 European Seasonal Strip CAT Index would have been 
settled at 2481.10 Degrees. 
40903.B. 
Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in a CME European Seasonal Strip CAT Index futures 
contract at the termination of trading in that contract shall make payment to or receive payment 
from the Clearing House in accordance with normal variation performance bond procedures based 
on a settlement price equal to the final settlement price.  
40904. 
[RESERVED] 
40905.-06. [RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 409)  
 
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES  
RELATING TO CHAPTER 409 
 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND DISCLAIMER 
Speedwell Settlement Services Ltd. (“SSS”) grants the Exchange the rights to use various data (“Data”) in 
connection with the trading of futures contracts and options on futures contracts based upon such Data.   SSS 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 3 of 3 
makes no warranty, express or implied, as to the results to be obtained by any person or any entity from the use 
of the Data in connection with the trading of futures contracts, options on futures contracts or any other use.  
SSS makes no express or implied warranties, and expressly disclaims all warranties of merchantability or fitness 
for a particular purpose or use with respect to the Data.  Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall 
SSS have any liability for any special, punitive, indirect, or consequential damages (including lost profits), even if 
notified of the possibility of such damages. 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 409A 
Options on CME European Seasonal Strip CAT Index Futures 
 
409A00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to options on CME European Seasonal Strip CAT Index 
futures.  In addition to this chapter, options on CME European Seasonal Strip CAT Index futures 
shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
409A01. 
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS 
409A01. A. Contract Months and Trading Hours 
Options contracts shall be listed for such contract months and scheduled for trading during such 
hours as may be determined by the Exchange.  
409A01. B. Trading Unit 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy, in the case of the call, or to sell, in the case of the put, 
one respective CME European Seasonal Strip CAT Index futures contract as specified in Chapter 
409.  
409A01.C. 
Minimum Fluctuations 
The price of an option shall be quoted in terms of the respective CME European Seasonal Strip 
CAT Index.  Each index point represents 20 British pounds (pounds sterling) for London-Heathrow, 
or 20 Euros (€) for all other locations,. For example, a quote of 2 index points represents 40 British 
pounds (pounds sterling) for London-Heathrow, or 40 Euros (€) for all other locations. The 
minimum fluctuation shall be 1.0 index point (also known as one tick), equal to 20 British pounds 
(pounds sterling) for London-Heathrow, or 20 Euros (€) for all other locations.  
409A01.D. 
[Reserved] 
409A01.E. 
Exercise Prices 
Exercise prices shall be stated in terms of the respective CME European Seasonal Strip CAT Index 
futures contract. Eligible exercise prices shall be at intervals of 1 CME Seasonal Degree Days 
Index point (e.g., 4510, 4511, 4512, etc.). At the commencement of options trading in a contract 
month, the eligible put and call options are dynamically listed at intervals of 1 index point in a range 
of 0 to 6500 index points for a seasonal Strip CAT. New options may be listed for trading up to and 
including the termination of trading. The Exchange may modify the provisions governing the 
establishment of exercise prices as it deems appropriate. 
409A01.F. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
409A01.G. 
[Reserved] 
409A01.H. 
[Reserved] 
409A01.I. 
Termination of Trading 
Options trading shall terminate on the same date and time as the underlying futures contract. 
409A01.J. 
[Reserved] 
409A02. 
EXERCISE AND ASSIGNMENT 
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 2 of 2 
the exercise of the CME European Seasonal Strip CAT options.  
409A02.A. 
Exercise of Option by Buyer 
An option may be exercised by the buyer only on the termination of Trading Day. To exercise an 
option the clearing member representing the buyer shall present an exercise notice to the Clearing 
House by 5:30 p.m. on the day of exercise. 
An option that is in the money and has not been liquidated prior to the termination of trading shall, 
in the absence of contrary instructions delivered to the Clearing House by 5:30 p.m. on the day of 
expiration by the clearing member representing the option buyer, be exercised automatically.  
409A02.B. 
Assignment 
Exercise notices accepted by the Clearing House shall be assigned through a process of random 
selection to clearing members with open short positions in the same series.  A clearing member to 
which an exercise notice is assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as practicable after such 
notice is assigned by the Clearing House, but not later than 45 minutes before the opening of 
Regular Trading Hours in the underlying futures contract on the following Business Day.  
The clearing member assigned an exercise notice shall be assigned a short position in the 
underlying futures contract if a call is exercised or a long position if a put is exercised.  The clearing 
member representing the option buyer shall be assigned a long position in the underlying futures 
contract if a call is exercised and a short position if a put is exercised.  
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of the option and 
shall be marked to market in accordance with Rule 814 on the Trading Day of acceptance by the 
Clearing House of the exercise notice.  
409A03. 
[RESERVED] 
(End Chapter 409A)  
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES  
RELATING TO CHAPTER 409A 
 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND DISCLAIMER 
Speedwell Settlement Services Ltd. (“SSS”) grants the Exchange the rights to use various data (“Data”) in 
connection with the trading of futures contracts and options on futures contracts based upon such Data.   SSS 
makes no warranty, express or implied, as to the results to be obtained by any person or any entity from the use 
of the Data in connection with the trading of futures contracts, options on futures contracts or any other use.  
SSS makes no express or implied warranties, and expressly disclaims all warranties of merchantability or fitness 
for a particular purpose or use with respect to the Data.  Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall 
SSS have any liability for any special, punitive, indirect, or consequential damages (including lost profits), even if 
notified of the possibility of such damages. 
 


 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 1 of 2 
 
 
Chapter 411 
CME Pacific Rim CAT Index Futures 
 
41100.   
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to CME Pacific Rim CAT Index futures. In addition to this 
chapter, CME Pacific Rim CAT Index futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of 
the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
41101.   
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
1. 
Cumulative Average Temperature (CAT) 
The daily average temperature is defined as the arithmetic average calculated over a twenty-four (24) 
hour period. Observations are recorded by the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) and processed by 
Speedwell Settlement Services Ltd.   
• Toyko, Japan (WMO 47662): Average of the 24-hourly readings between and including 0100 JST 
D0 and 0000 JST D+1. (D = calendar day) 
2. 
The CME Pacific Rim CAT Indexes 
Each particular CME Pacific Rim CAT Index is the accumulation of the daily average temperatures over 
a calendar month. The accumulation period of each CME Pacific Rim CAT Index futures contract begins 
with the first calendar day of the contract month and ends with the last calendar day of the contract month. 
41102.   
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
41102.A.  
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours in such months as may 
be determined by the Exchange. 
41102.B. 
Trading Unit 
The size of the unit of trading shall be ¥2,500(Japanese Yen) times the CME Pacific Rim CAT Index. 
41102.C.  
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation of each CME Pacific Rim CAT Index futures contract shall be .01 index 
point and have a value of ¥25 (Japanese Yen). 
41102.D.  
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set forth 
in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to the 
Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions 
from the specified position limits. 
41102.E.  
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. on the second Exchange Business Day after the futures 
contract month. 
41103.   
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
 
41103.A.  
Final Settlement Price 
All futures contracts remaining open at the termination of trading shall be settled using the CME Pacific 
Rim Index reported by Speedwell Settlements Services Ltd. for that contract month, using the 
methodology in effect on that date, on the first Exchange Business Day that is at least two calendar days 
after the futures contract month. For example, on June 2, 2020, the May 2020 futures contract on the 
Tokyo Index would have been settled at 604 degrees. 
41103.B. 
 Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in a CME Pacific Rim CAT Index futures contract at the 


 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 2 of 2 
 
termination of trading in that contract shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House 
in accordance with normal variation performance bond procedures based on a settlement price equal to 
the final settlement price. 
 
 (End Chapter 411) 
 
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES 
RELATING TO CHAPTER 411 
 
 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND DISCLAIMER 
Speedwell Settlement Services Ltd. (“SSS”) grants the Exchange the rights to use various data (“Data”) in connection 
with the trading of futures contracts and options on futures contracts based upon such Data.   SSS makes no warranty, 
express or implied, as to the results to be obtained by any person or any entity from the use of the Data in connection 
with the trading of futures contracts, options on futures contracts or any other use.  SSS makes no express or implied 
warranties, and expressly disclaims all warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use with respect 
to the Data.  Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall SSS have any liability for any special, punitive, 
indirect, or consequential damages (including lost profits), even if notified of the possibility of such damages. 
 


 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 1 of 2 
 
 
Chapter 411A 
Options on CME Pacific Rim CAT Index Futures 
 
411A00.  
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to options on CME Pacific Rim CAT Index futures. In addition to this 
chapter, CME Pacific Rim CAT Index futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of 
the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
411A01.  
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS 
411A01. A.  Contract Months and Trading Hours 
Options contracts shall be listed for such contract months and scheduled for trading during such 
hours as may be determined by the Exchange. 
411A01. B.  Trading Unit 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy, in the case of the call, or to sell, in the case of the put, 
one respective CME Pacific Rim CAT Index futures contract as specified in Chapter 411. 
411A01.C.  Minimum Fluctuations 
The price of an option shall be quoted in terms of the respective CME Pacific Rim Seasonal Index.  Each 
Seasonal Index point represents ¥25 (Japanese Yen). For example, a quote of 2 index points represents 
¥50 (Japanese Yen). The minimum fluctuation shall be .01 index point (also known as one tick), equal to 
¥25 (Japanese Yen). 
411A01.D.  Exercise Prices 
Exercise prices shall be stated in terms of the respective CME Pacific Rim CAT Index futures contract. In 
addition, exercise prices shall also be at intervals of .01 index points (e.g., 25.10, 25.11, 25.12, etc.). At 
the commencement of option trading in a contract month, the Exchange shall dynamically list put and call 
options at intervals of .01 index points in a range of 0 to 1500 index points. New options may be listed for 
trading up to and including the termination of trading. The Exchange may modify the provisions governing 
the establishment of exercise prices as it deems appropriate. 
411A01.E.  Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set forth 
in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to the 
Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. Refer to Rule 559 for requirements 
concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions from the specified position limits. 
 411A01.F. Termination of Trading 
 Options trading shall terminate on the same date and time as the underlying futures contract. 
4011A02.  EXERCISE AND ASSIGNMENT 
 In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to 
the exercise of the CME Pacific Rim CAT options. 
411A02.A. 
 Exercise of Option by Buyer 
An option may be exercised by the buyer only on the termination of Trading Day. To exercise an option 
the clearing member representing the buyer shall present an exercise notice to the Clearing House by 
5:30 p.m. on the day of exercise. 
An option that is in the money and has not been liquidated prior to the termination of trading shall, in the 
absence of contrary instructions delivered to the Clearing House by 5:30 p.m. on the day of expiration by 
the clearing member representing the option buyer, be exercised automatically. 
 
411A02.B.  
Assignment 
 
Exercise notices accepted by the Clearing House shall be assigned through a process of random 
selection to clearing members with open short positions in the same series. A clearing member to which 


 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 2 of 2 
 
an exercise notice is assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as practicable after such notice is assigned 
by the Clearing House, but not later than 45 minutes before the opening of Regular Trading Hours in the 
underlying futures contract on the following Business Day. 
 
The clearing member assigned an exercise notice shall be assigned a short position in the underlying 
futures contract if a call is exercised or a long position if a put is exercised. The clearing member 
representing the option buyer shall be assigned a long position in the underlying futures contract if a call 
is exercised and a short position if a put is exercised. 
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of the option and 
shall be marked to market in accordance with Rule 814 on the Trading Day of acceptance by the 
Clearing House of the exercise notice. 
 
 
 
 
(End Chapter 411A) 
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES 
RELATING TO CHAPTER 411A 
 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND DISCLAIMER 
Speedwell Settlement Services Ltd. (“SSS”) grants the Exchange the rights to use various data (“Data”) in connection 
with the trading of futures contracts and options on futures contracts based upon such Data.   SSS makes no warranty, 
express or implied, as to the results to be obtained by any person or any entity from the use of the Data in connection 
with the trading of futures contracts, options on futures contracts or any other use.  SSS makes no express or implied 
warranties, and expressly disclaims all warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use with 
respect to the Data.  Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall SSS have any liability for any special, 
punitive, indirect, or consequential damages (including lost profits), even if notified of the possibility of such damages. 
 


 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 1 of 2 
 
 
Chapter 412 
CME Pacific Rim Seasonal CAT Index Futures 
41200.   
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to CME Pacific Rim Seasonal CAT Index futures. In addition to this 
chapter, CME Pacific Rim Seasonal Index futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of 
the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
41201.   
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
 
 
 
1. 
Cumulative Average Temperature 
The daily average temperature is defined as the arithmetic average calculated over a twenty-four (24) 
hour period.  Observations are recorded by the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) and processed by 
Speedwell Settlement Services Ltd.    
•   Tokyo, Japan (WMO 47662):  Average of the 24-hourly readings between and including 0100 JST 
D0 and 0000 JST D+1 (D = calendar day) 
2. 
The Pacific Rim Seasonal CAT Indexes  
Each particular CME Pacific Rim Seasonal index is the accumulation of the daily average temperatures 
over a minimum of two, and a maximum of seven, consecutive calendar months.  A separate futures 
contract shall be listed for each strip. The accumulation period of each CME Pacific Rim CAT strip index 
begins with the first calendar day of the first month of the strip, and ends with the last calendar day of the 
last month of the defined strip.  
41202. 
TRADING SPECIFCIATIONS 
41202.A. Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and in such months as may be 
determined by the Exchange. 
41202.B. 
Trading Unit 
The size of the unit of trading shall be ¥2,500 (Japanese Yen) times the respective CME Pacific Rim 
Seasonal CAT Index. 
41202.C. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation on the CME Pacific Rim Seasonal Index futures contract shall be .01 index 
point and have a value of ¥25 (Japanese Yen). 
41202.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set forth 
in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to the 
Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions 
from the specified position limits. 
41202.E. 
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. on the second Exchange Business Day after the last calendar 
day of the last month of the defined strip. 
41203. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
 
41203.A. 
Final Settlement Price 
All futures contracts remaining open at the termination of trading shall be settled using the respective 
CME Pacific Rim Seasonal Index reported by Speedwell Settlement Services Ltd. for that contract 
period, using the methodology in effect on that date, on the second Exchange Business Day after the 
last calendar day of the last month of the defined strip. For example, on October 2, 2020, the July 2020-
September 2020 Tokyo Season Index would have been settled at 2381 degrees.  
 
 


 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 2 of 2 
 
 
41203.B. 
Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in a CME Pacific Rim Seasonal Index futures contract at the 
termination of trading in that contract shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House 
in accordance with normal variation performance bond procedures based on a settlement price equal to 
the final settlement price. 
 
(End Chapter 412) 
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES 
RELATING TO CHAPTER 412 
 
 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND DISCLAIMER 
Speedwell Settlement Services Ltd. (“SSS”) grants the Exchange the rights to use various data (“Data”) in connection 
with the trading of futures contracts and options on futures contracts based upon such Data.   SSS makes no warranty, 
express or implied, as to the results to be obtained by any person or any entity from the use of the Data in connection 
with the trading of futures contracts, options on futures contracts or any other use.  SSS makes no express or implied 
warranties, and expressly disclaims all warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use with 
respect to the Data.  Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall SSS have any liability for any special, 
punitive, indirect, or consequential damages (including lost profits), even if notified of the possibility of such damages. 
 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 1 of 2 
 
Chapter 412A 
Options on CME Pacific Rim Seasonal CAT Index Futures 
412A00.  
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to options on CME Pacific Rim Seasonal Strip CAT Index futures. In 
addition to this chapter, options on CME Pacific Rim Seasonal Strip CAT Index futures shall be subject 
to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
412A01.  
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS 
412A01. A. Contract Months and Trading Hours 
Options contracts shall be listed for such contract months and scheduled for trading during such hours 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
412A01. B. Trading Unit 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy, in the case of the call, or to sell, in the case of the put, one 
respective CME Pacific Rim Seasonal Strip CAT Index futures contract as specified in Chapter 412. 
412A01.C. Minimum Fluctuations 
The price of an option shall be quoted in terms of the respective CME Pacific Rim Seasonal CAT Index.  
Each Seasonal Index point represents ¥25 (Japanese Yen). For example, a quote of 2 index points 
represents ¥50 (Japanese Yen). The minimum fluctuation shall be .01 index point (also known as one 
tick), equal to ¥25 (Japanese Yen). 
412A01.D. Exercise Prices 
Exercise prices shall be stated in terms of the respective CME Pacific Rim Seasonal CAT Index futures 
contract. Eligible exercise prices shall be at intervals of .01 CME Pacific Rim Seasonal CAT Index point 
(e.g., 4510.01, 4510.02, 4510.03, etc.). At the commencement of options trading in a contract month, the 
Exchange shall dynamically list put and call options at intervals of .01 index points in a range 0 to 8500 
index points. New options may be listed for trading up to and including the termination of trading. The 
Exchange may modify the provisions governing the establishment of exercise prices as it deems 
appropriate. 
412A01.E. Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set forth 
in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to the 
Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion.  
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
412A01.F. Termination of Trading 
Options trading shall terminate on the same date and time as the underlying futures contract. 
412A02.  
EXERCISE AND ASSIGNMENT 
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to the 
exercise of the CME Pacific Rim Seasonal Strip CAT options. 
412A02.A. Exercise of Option by Buyer 
An option may be exercised by the buyer only on the termination of Trading Day. To exercise an option 
the clearing member representing the buyer shall present an exercise notice to the Clearing House by 
5:30 p.m. on the day of exercise. 
An option that is in the money and has not been liquidated prior to the termination of trading shall, in the 
absence of contrary instructions delivered to the Clearing House by 5:30 p.m. on the day of expiration by 
the clearing member representing the option buyer, be exercised automatically. 
412A02.B. Assignment 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 2 of 2 
 
Exercise notices accepted by the Clearing House shall be assigned through a process of random 
selection to clearing members with open short positions in the same series. A clearing member to which 
an exercise notice is assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as practicable after such notice is assigned 
by the Clearing House, but not later than 45 minutes before the opening of Regular Trading Hours in the 
underlying futures contract on the following Business Day. 
The clearing member assigned an exercise notice shall be assigned a short position in the underlying 
futures contract if a call is exercised or a long position if a put is exercised. The clearing member 
representing the option buyer shall be assigned a long position in the underlying futures contract if a call 
is exercised and a short position if a put is exercised. 
All such futures positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of the option and shall 
be marked to market in accordance with Rule 814 on the Trading Day of acceptance by the Clearing 
House of the exercise notice. 
 
(End Chapter 412A) 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES 
RELATING TO CHAPTER 412 
 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND DISCLAIMER 
Speedwell Settlement Services Ltd. (“SSS”) grants the Exchange the rights to use various data (“Data”) in connection 
with the trading of futures contracts and options on futures contracts based upon such Data.   SSS makes no warranty, 
express or implied, as to the results to be obtained by any person or any entity from the use of the Data in connection 
with the trading of futures contracts, options on futures contracts or any other use.  SSS makes no express or implied 
warranties, and expressly disclaims all warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use with 
respect to the Data.  Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall SSS have any liability for any special, 
punitive, indirect, or consequential damages (including lost profits), even if notified of the possibility of such damages. 
 


 
 
 
 
Chapter 415 
S&P GSCI™ ER Index Futures 
41500. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to S&P GSCI ER Index futures.  In addition to this chapter, 
S&P GSCI ER Index futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange 
insofar as applicable. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
41501. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each futures contract shall be valued at $100.00 times the S&P GSCI ER Index.  The S&P GSCI 
ER Index is a world-production-weighted, arithmetic average, of the prices of liquid exchange-
traded physical commodity futures contracts which satisfy specified criteria.  The S&P GSCI ER 
Index calculation procedures are defined in the S&P GSCI Index Methodology.  
41502. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
41502.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange.  
41502.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $100.00 times the S&P GSCI ER Index.   
41502.C. 
Price Increments  
Bids and offers shall be quoted in terms of the S&P GSCI ER Index.  The minimum fluctuation of 
the futures contract shall be 0.001 index points, equivalent to $0.10 per contract. 
 
 
41502.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable   
Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
41502.E. 
[Reserved] 
41502.F. 
[Reserved] 
41502.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Futures trading shall terminate on the eleventh Business Day of the contract month.    
41502.H. 
[Reserved]  
41502.I. 
[Reserved] 
41503. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery under the S&P GSCI ER Index futures contract shall be by cash settlement.  
41503.A. 
Final Settlement Price  
The Final Settlement Price shall be determined on the eleventh Business Day of the contract 
month, or, if the S&P GSCI ER Index is not scheduled to be published for that day, on the first 
preceding day for which the futures price index is scheduled to be published.  The Final Settlement 
Price shall be based on the closing quotation for the S&P GSCI ER Index on the eleventh Business 
Day of the contract month calculated using the settlement prices of the component futures on that 
day, except as noted below.  


 
 
 
 
If an exchange that a component or components of the futures price index is trading on is not open 
on the day of the Final Settlement Price because of a scheduled closing, then the contribution to 
the Final Settlement Price for the affected component or components shall be based on 
the settlement quotation of the first preceding trading day.  
If a component contract month's settlement price is limit bid or offer on the settlement day, then that 
contract's contribution to the S&P GSCI ER Index Final Settlement Price is deferred for up to ten 
additional Business Days.  If subsequent to the settlement day the component commodity contract 
originally at limit trades at a price other than a limit bid or offer and settles at a non-limit bid or offer, 
then the price that shall be used as that contract's contribution to the S&P GSCI ER Index Final 
Settlement Price shall be a price consistent with the minimum fluctuation for the commodity 
contract and shall be the settlement price for that day.  If in the ten Business Days subsequent to 
the settlement day, the component commodity originally at limit fails to trade and settle at a price 
other than a limit bid or offer, the contract's settlement price on the tenth subsequent Business Day 
shall be used as the contract's contribution to the S&P GSCI ER Index Final Settlement Price.  
If a component contract month's settlement price on the day of regular calculation of the Final 
Settlement Price is unavailable because of an unanticipated and/or unannounced closure of 
component contract market, then the price of such component contract to be used in calculating the 
Final Settlement Price shall be the next available official settlement price.  
41503.B. 
Final Settlement  
Clearing members holding open positions in an S&P GSCI ER Index futures contract at the time of 
termination of trading in that contract shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing 
House in accordance with normal variation performance bond procedures based on a settlement 
price equal to the Final Settlement Price.  
41504. 
BASIS TRADE AT INDEX CLOSE (“BTIC”) TRANSACTIONS 
All BTIC transactions must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 524.B. 
41504.A.  
BTIC Block Trade Requirements 
BTIC block trades must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 526. For a BTIC 
block trade executed on a given Trading Day on or before the scheduled close of the underlying 
primary securities market, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the Index 
closing value for the current Trading Day. For a BTIC block trade executed on a given Trading Day 
after the scheduled close of the underlying primary securities market, the corresponding futures 
price shall be made by reference to the Index closing value for the next Trading Day. 
41504.B.  
BTIC Price Assignment Procedures 
The price assignment procedures for BTIC transactions shall follow Rule 524.B.3. 
410504.C. 
BTIC Minimum Price Increment 
The valid basis or price increment applied to the Index closing value to establish the BTIC futures 
price must be stated in full tick increments of 0.0010 index points. 
41505. 
[RESERVED] 
(End of Chapter 415)  
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES 
RELATING TO CHAPTER 415  
S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC directly or through one or more affiliates (collectively, "S&P") licenses the 
Exchange to use various S&P stock indices ("S&P Stock Indices") in connection with the trading of futures 
contracts and options on futures contracts based upon such indices. S&P shall have no liability for any 
damages, claims, losses or expenses caused by any errors or delays in calculating or disseminating the 
S&P Stock Indices. 
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and its affiliates (collectively, "S&P") do not guarantee the accuracy and/or 
completeness of the S&P Stock Indices or any data included therein. S&P makes no warranty, express or 


 
 
 
 
implied, as to the results to be obtained by any person or any entity from the use of the S&P Stock Indices or 
any data included therein in connection with the trading of futures contracts, options on futures contracts or 
any other use. S&P makes no express or implied warranties, and expressly disclaims all warranties of 
merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use with respect to the S&P Stock Indices or any data 
included therein. Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall S&P have any liability for any 
special, punitive, indirect, or consequential damages (including lost profits), even if notified of the possibility 
of such damages. 
 


 
 
 
Chapter 415A 
S&P GSCI™ ER Index Swaps (Cleared OTC) 
 
415A00. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to the clearing of S&P GSCI™ ER Index Swaps (hereafter also 
referred to as “S&P GSCI™ ER Swaps”) where the parties to the transaction are “eligible contract 
participants” as defined in Section 1a(18) of the Commodity Exchange Act and  have obtained the 
licenses required by Standard & Poor’s with respect to such transactions.  The identities of all 
parties to transactions in S&P GSCI™ ER Swaps shall be disclosed on an annual basis by CME to 
Standard & Poor’s for the sole purpose of enabling Standard and Poor’s to confirm that the parties 
have obtained the licenses required by Standard and Poor’s. Transactions in S&P GSCI™ ER 
Swaps shall also be subject to the general rules of the Exchange insofar as applicable.  The 
clearing and settlement of transactions in S&P GSCI™ ER Swaps shall also be subject to the 
provisions of Chapter 8-F of the CME Rulebook. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
415A01. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
415A01.A. 
Unit of Clearing 
The unit of clearing shall be $100.00 times the S&P GSCI™ ER Index. The S&P GSCI™ ER Index 
is a world-production-weighted, arithmetic average of the prices of liquid exchange-traded physical 
commodity futures contracts which satisfy specified criteria.  The S&P GSCI™ ER Index calculation 
procedures are defined in the S&P GSCI™ Index Methodology.  
415A01.B. 
Hours for Clearing Entry 
The Exchange shall determine the hours during which S&P GSCI™ ER Swaps may be submitted 
to the Clearing House. 
Positions shall be initiated or closed out using off-exchange transactions. 
415A01.C. 
Minimum Price Increments  
Prices shall be quoted in terms of the S&P GSCI™ ER Index. The minimum fluctuation shall be 
0.0001 index points, equivalent to $0.01 per contract. Contracts shall not be cleared on any other 
price basis. 
415A01.D. 
Months Cleared 
Clearing of S&P GSCI™ ER Swaps shall be conducted in such months as may be determined by 
the Exchange. 
415A01.E. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
415A01.F. 
Last Day of Clearing 
The last day of clearing of S&P GSCI™ ER Swaps shall be the final settlement day as prescribed 
in Rule 415A05.  
415A01.G. 
 [Reserved] 
415A02. 
SETTLEMENT  
Settlement against S&P GSCI™ ER Swaps must be made through the Clearing House.  Settlement 
under these rules shall be on the final settlement day (as described in Rule 415A05.) and shall be 
accomplished by cash settlement as hereinafter provided. 


 
 
 
Clearing members holding open positions in an S&P GSCI™ ER Swaps contract at the time of 
termination of clearing shall make payment to and receive payment through the Clearing House in 
accordance with normal variation settlement procedures based on a settlement price equal to the 
final settlement price (as described in Rule 415A03.).   
415A03. 
FINAL SETTLEMENT PRICE  
Final settlement shall be based on the official settlement of the S&P GSCI™ ER Index , subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Market Disruption Event provisions as described below.  
Payment will be on the second Business Day following the date on which the official settlement of 
the Index is determined, unless postponed due to a Market Disruption Event.   
Market Disruption Event 
“Market Disruption Event” (“MDE”) shall mean (a) a contract included in the Index remains at a 
"limit price", which means that the price for such contract for a day has increased or decreased 
from the previous day's settlement price by the maximum amount permitted under applicable 
trading facility rules, during the entire closing range, irrespective of whether that contract is settled 
by the applicable trading facility at the "limit price" or another price, (b) failure by the applicable 
trading facility or other price source to announce or publish the settlement price for any contract 
included in the Index, or (c) trading in any contract included in the Index is suspended or 
interrupted subsequent to the opening of trading and trading in such contract does not 
recommence at least ten (10) minutes prior to the regular scheduled close of trading in such 
contract on the relevant trading facility.   
If a Market Disruption Event relating to one or more of the contracts underlying the Index (each an 
“index contract”) occurs on any day relevant to calculating the settlement of the contract, the 
settlement of the contract will be calculated by using a price (i) for each index contract that is not 
affected by a Market Disruption Event on such date, the settlement price of such index contract on 
such date and (ii) for each index contract that is affected by a Market Disruption Event on such 
date, the settlement price of such index contract on the first succeeding Trading Day on which no 
Market Disruption Event is existing with respect to such index contract; provided that, if a Market 
Disruption Event occurs with respect to such index contract for eight Trading Days, the settlement 
price for such index contract shall be determined by the Exchange notwithstanding that a Market 
Disruption Event does or does not exist on such following Trading Day for such affected index 
contract. 
Trading Day means a day when: 
1) 
The Index Sponsor is open for business and the Index is calculated and published by the Index 
Sponsor; 
2) 
All trading facilities on which contracts are traded for the commodities included in the Index are 
open for trading, provided however that upon a calculation pursuant to sub-clause (ii) of the 
second paragraph of the section headed “Market Disruption Event” above, only the trading 
facility on which the relevant index contract that is affected by a Market Disruption Event is 
traded is required to be open for trading.   
Business Day means: 
Any day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, that is neither a legal holiday nor a day on which 
banking institutions are authorized or required by law or regulation to close in the City of New York 
or London. 
415A04. 
BASIS TRADE AT INDEX CLOSE (“BTIC”) TRANSACTIONS 
415A04.A.  BTIC Price Assignment Procedures 
The cleared swap price of a BTIC transaction shall be determined by the Exchange at 3:30 p.m. 
Chicago time (4:30 p.m. Eastern time) (or according to the requirements of Rule 415A03 in the 
case of final settlement). Such price determination shall be deemed final. 
415A04.B. 
BTIC Minimum Price Increment 
The valid basis or price increment applied to the Index closing value to establish the BTIC swap 
price must be stated in full tick increments of 0.0001 index points. 


 
 
 
415A05. 
FINAL SETTLEMENT DAY  
The final settlement day shall be defined as the last Business Day of the contract month, or if the 
S&P GSCI™ ER Index is not published for that day, the first preceding Business Day for which the 
S&P GSCI™ ER Index was published. 
415A06. 
DISPUTES 
All disputes between interested parties may be settled by arbitration as provided in the Rules. 
 
(End of Chapter 415A)  
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES RELATING TO CHAPTER 415A  
S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC directly or through one or more affiliates (collectively, "S&P") licenses the 
Exchange to use various S&P stock indices ("S&P Stock Indices") in connection with the trading of futures 
contracts and options on futures contracts based upon such indices. S&P shall have no liability for any 
damages, claims, losses or expenses caused by any errors or delays in calculating or disseminating the 
S&P Stock Indices. 
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and its affiliates (collectively, "S&P") do not guarantee the accuracy and/or 
completeness of the S&P Stock Indices or any data included therein. S&P makes no warranty, express or 
implied, as to the results to be obtained by any person or any entity from the use of the S&P Stock Indices or 
any data included therein in connection with the trading of futures contracts, options on futures contracts or 
any other use. S&P makes no express or implied warranties, and expressly disclaims all warranties of 
merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use with respect to the S&P Stock Indices or any data 
included therein. Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall S&P have any liability for any 
special, punitive, indirect, or consequential damages (including lost profits), even if notified of the possibility 
of such damages. 
 


 
 
 
 
CME Chapter 415B 
S&P GSCI™ Enhanced ER Index Swaps (Cleared OTC) 
  
415B00.  
SCOPE OF CHAPTER  
This chapter is limited in application to the clearing of S&P GSCI™ Enhanced ER Index Swaps 
(hereafter also referred to as “S&P GSCI™ Enhanced ER Swaps”) where the parties to the 
transaction are “eligible contract participants” as defined in Section 1a(18) of the Commodity 
Exchange Act and have obtained the licenses required by Standard & Poor’s with respect to 
such transactions. The identities of all parties to transactions in S&P GSCI™ Enhanced ER 
Swaps shall be disclosed on an annual basis by CME to Standard & Poor’s for the sole 
purpose of enabling Standard and Poor’s to confirm that the parties have obtained the licenses 
required by Standard and Poor’s. Transactions in S&P GSCI™ Enhanced ER Swaps shall also 
be subject to the general rules of the Exchange insofar as applicable. The clearing and 
settlement of transactions in S&P GSCI™ Enhanced ER Swaps shall also be subject to the 
provisions of Chapter 8-F of the CME Rulebook. 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to 
and indicate Chicago time. 
 415B01.  
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
  
 
415B01.A. 
Unit of Clearing  
The unit of clearing shall be $100.00 times the S&P GSCI™ Enhanced ER Index. The S&P 
GSCI™ Enhanced ER Index calculation procedures are defined in the S&P GSCI™ Index 
Methodology.  
415B01.B.   
Hours for Clearing Entry  
The Exchange shall determine the hours during which S&P GSCI™ Enhanced ER Swaps may 
be submitted to the Clearing House.  
Positions shall be initiated or closed out using off-exchange transactions.  
415B01.C.   
Minimum Price Increments  
Prices shall be quoted in terms of the S&P GSCI™ Enhanced ER Index. The minimum 
fluctuation shall be 0.0001 index points, equivalent to $0.01 per contract. Contracts shall not 
be cleared on any other price basis.  
415B01.D.   
Months Cleared  
Clearing of S&P GSCI™ Enhanced ER Swaps shall be conducted in such months as may be 
determined by the Exchange.  
415B01.E.   
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable 
Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, 
are set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall 
apply to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the 
Market Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
415B01.F.   
Last Day of Clearing  
The last day of clearing of S&P GSCI™ Enhanced ER Swaps shall be the final settlement day 
as prescribed in Rule 415B05.  
415B01.G.   
[Reserved] 
415B02.  
SETTLEMENT  
Settlement against S&P GSCI™ Enhanced ER Swaps must be made through the Clearing 
House. Settlement under these rules shall be on the final settlement day (as described in Rule 
415B05.) and shall be accomplished by cash settlement as hereinafter provided.  


 
 
 
 
Clearing members holding open positions in an S&P GSCI™ Enhanced ER Swaps contract at 
the time of termination of clearing shall make payment to and receive payment through the 
Clearing House in accordance with normal variation settlement procedures based on a 
settlement price equal to the final settlement price (as described in Rule 415B03.).  
415B03.  
FINAL SETTLEMENT PRICE  
Final settlement shall be based on the official settlement of the S&P GSCI™ Enhanced ER 
Index, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Market Disruption Event provisions as 
described below. Payment will be on the second Business Day following the date on which the 
official settlement of the Index is determined, unless postponed due to a Market Disruption 
Event.  
 Market Disruption Event  
“Market Disruption Event” (“MDE”) shall mean (a) a contract included in the Index remains at a 
"limit price", which means that the price for such contract for a day has increased or decreased 
from the previous day's settlement price by the maximum amount permitted under applicable 
trading facility rules, during the entire closing range, irrespective of whether that contract is 
settled by the applicable trading facility at the "limit price" or another price, (b) failure by the 
applicable trading facility or other price source to announce or publish the settlement price for 
any contract included in the Index, or (c) trading in any contract included in the Index is 
suspended or interrupted subsequent to the opening of trading and trading in such contract 
does not recommence at least ten (10) minutes prior to the regular scheduled close of trading 
in such contract on the relevant trading facility.  
If a Market Disruption Event relating to one or more of the contracts underlying the Index (each 
an “index contract”) occurs on any day relevant to calculating the settlement of the contract, 
the settlement of the contract will be calculated by using a price (i) for each index contract that 
is not affected by a Market Disruption Event on such date, the settlement price of such index 
contract on such date and (ii) for each index contract that is affected by a Market Disruption 
Event on such date, the settlement price of such index contract on the first succeeding Trading 
Day on which no Market Disruption Event is existing with respect to such index contract; 
provided that, if a Market Disruption Event occurs with respect to such index contract for eight 
Trading Days, the settlement price for such index contract shall be determined by the 
Exchange notwithstanding that a Market Disruption Event does or does not exist on such 
following Trading Day for such affected index contract.  
Trading Day means a day when:  
1) The Index Sponsor is open for business and the Index is calculated and published by the 
Index Sponsor;  
2) All trading facilities on which contracts are traded for the commodities included in the Index 
are open for trading, provided however that upon a calculation pursuant to sub-clause (ii) of 
the second paragraph of the section headed “Market Disruption Event” above, only the trading 
facility on which the relevant index contract that is affected by a Market Disruption Event is 
traded is required to be open for trading.  
Business Day means:  
Any day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, that is neither a legal holiday nor a day on which 
banking institutions are authorized or required by law or regulation to close in the City of New 
York or London.  
415B04.  
[RESERVED] 
415B05.  
FINAL SETTLEMENT DAY  
The final settlement day shall be defined as the last Business Day of the contract month, or if 
the S&P GSCI™ Enhanced ER Index is not published for that day, the first preceding Business 
Day for which the S&P GSCI™ Enhanced ER Index was published.  
415B06.  
DISPUTES  
All disputes between interested parties may be settled by arbitration as provided in the Rules.  
(End of Chapter 415B)  
 


 
 
 
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES RELATING TO CHAPTER 415B  
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC directly or through one or more affiliates (collectively, "S&P") licenses the 
Exchange to use various S&P stock indices ("S&P Stock Indices") in connection with the trading of futures 
contracts and options on futures contracts based upon such indices. S&P shall have no liability for any 
damages, claims, losses or expenses caused by any errors or delays in calculating or disseminating the 
S&P Stock Indices. 
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and its affiliates (collectively, "S&P") do not guarantee the accuracy and/or 
completeness of the S&P Stock Indices or any data included therein. S&P makes no warranty, express or 
implied, as to the results to be obtained by any person or any entity from the use of the S&P Stock Indices or 
any data included therein in connection with the trading of futures contracts, options on futures contracts or 
any other use. S&P makes no express or implied warranties, and expressly disclaims all warranties of 
merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use with respect to the S&P Stock Indices or any data 
included therein. Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall S&P have any liability for any 
special, punitive, indirect, or consequential damages (including lost profits), even if notified of the possibility 
of such damages. 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 417 
Nasdaq Veles California Water Index Futures 
 
41700. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Nasdaq Veles California Water Index Futures contract 
(“futures”). In addition to this chapter, futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations 
of the Exchange as applicable. 
41701. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each futures contract shall be valued at 10 acre feet times the value of Nasdaq Veles California 
Water Index (NQH2O). 
41702. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
41702.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
41702.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 10 acre feet times Nasdaq Veles California Water Index (NQH2O). 
41702.C. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price increment shall be $1.00 per acre foot, equal to $10.00 per contract, except 
for intermonth spreads executed pursuant to Rule 542.A., for which the minimum price increment 
shall be $0.25 per acre foot, equal to $2.50 per intermonth spread. 
41702.D. Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
41702.E. Price Limits and Trading Halts 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits and daily price limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and 
Daily Price Limits Table in the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
41702.F. Termination of Trading 
Trading in expiring futures shall terminate at 4:00 p.m. Chicago time on the Business Day 
preceding the third Wednesday of the contract month, otherwise the next CME Business Day.   
41703. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement. 
41703.A. 
Final Settlement Price 
For a futures contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be the Nasdaq 
Veles California Water Index (NQH2O) price published on the next Business Day following the Last 
Trade Date (Rule 41702.F.). 
In the event that the Nasdaq Veles California Water Index (NQH2O) is not publishable or published 
on the Business Day following the Last Trade Date, and therefore, the Exchange cannot determine 
the futures contract’s Final Settlement Price, then final settlement of the futures contract will be at 
the discretion of the Exchange and may be deferred or postponed for up to 14 consecutive 
calendar days. 
41703.B. Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in an expiring futures contract at its termination of 
trading (Rule 41702.F.) shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in 
accordance with normal variation margin procedures based on such expiring contract’s Final 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 2 
Settlement Price (Rule 41703.A.). 
41704. 
DISCLAIMER 
The Nasdaq Veles California Water Index Futures are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted 
by Nasdaq, Inc. (including its affiliates) (Nasdaq, with its affiliates, are referred to as the 
Corporations). The Corporations have not passed on the legality or suitability of, or the accuracy 
or adequacy of descriptions and disclosures relating to, the Nasdaq Veles California Water Index 
Futures. The Corporations make no representation or warranty, express or implied to the owners 
of the Nasdaq Veles California Water Index Futures or any member of the public regarding the 
advisability of investing in securities generally or in the Nasdaq Veles California Water Index 
Futures particularly, or the ability of the Nasdaq Veles California Water Index™  to track general 
stock market performance. Nasdaq has no obligation to take the needs of the CME or the owners 
of the Nasdaq Veles California Water Index Futures into consideration in determining, composing 
or calculating the Nasdaq Veles California Water Index™. The Corporations are not responsible 
for and have not participated in the determination of the timing of, prices at, or quantities of the 
Nasdaq Veles California Water Index Futures to be issued or in the determination or calculation 
of the equation by which the Nasdaq Veles California Water Index Futures are to be converted 
into cash. The Corporations have no liability in connection with the administration, marketing or 
trading of the Nasdaq Veles California Water Index Futures. 
THE CORPORATIONS DO NOT GUARANTEE THE ACCURACY AND/OR UNINTERRUPTED 
CALCULATION OF THE NASDAQ VELES CALIFORNIA WATER INDEX™ OR ANY DATA 
INCLUDED THEREIN. THE CORPORATIONS MAKE NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, 
AS TO RESULTS TO BE OBTAINED BY CME, OWNERS OF THE NASDAQ VELES 
CALIFORNIA WATER INDEX FUTURES, OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FROM THE 
USE OF THE NASDAQ VELES CALIFORNIA WATER INDEX™ OR ANY DATA INCLUDED 
THEREIN. THE CORPORATIONS MAKE NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, AND 
EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE WITH RESPECT TO THE NASDAQ VELES CALIFORNIA 
WATER INDEX™ OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN. WITHOUT LIMITING ANY OF THE 
FOREGOING, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE CORPORATIONS HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY 
LOST PROFITS OR SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL 
DAMAGES, EVEN IF NOTIFIED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. 
 
(End Chapter 417) 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 1 of 3 
Chapter 419 
CME Metro Area Housing Index Futures 
41900. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
 
This chapter is limited in application to futures in S&P/Core Logic Case-Shiller® Metro Area Home 
Price Indices (“SPCLCSIs”) based on residential housing values (“CME® Metro Area Housing 
Index futures”).  In addition to this chapter, CME Metro Area Housing Index futures shall be subject 
to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable.   
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
41901. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
 
Each futures contract shall be valued at $250.00 times the reference S&P/Core Logic Case-Shiller 
Metro Area Home Price Index.  The Exchange shall list futures based on SPCLCSIs representing 
housing values in each of the following metropolitan areas: Boston, Chicago, Denver, Las Vegas, 
Los Angeles, Miami, New York, San Diego, San Francisco, and Washington D.C. For example, the 
Boston metro area is referenced by the S&P/Core Logic Case-Shiller Boston Home Price Index. 
41902. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
41902.A. 
Trading Schedule 
 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange.  
41902.B. 
Trading Unit 
 
The unit of trading shall be $250.00 times the reference SPCLCSI. 
41902.C. 
Price Increments 
 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in terms of the reference SPCLCSIs.  The minimum fluctuation of 
the futures contract shall be 0.20 index points, equivalent to $50.00 per contract.  
41902.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
41902.E. 
[Reserved] 
41902.F. 
[Reserved]  
41902.G. 
Termination of Trading 
 
Futures trading shall terminate at 2:00 pm on the Business Day preceding the day of final 
settlement price determination.  
41902.H. 
[Reserved] 
 
41902.I. 
[Reserved] 
41903. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
 
Delivery under the CME Metro Area Housing Index Futures contract shall be by cash settlement. 
41903.A. 
Final Settlement Price 
 
The Final Settlement Price shall be the value of the reference S&P/Core Logic Case-Shiller Metro 
Area Home Price Index as determined for the three-month period ending two calendar months prior 
to the contract month. For the purpose of rule 41903.A., the period for which the index calculation is 
performed shall be referred to as the Data Period.  For example, the Final Settlement Price for the 
August 2006 CME Metro Area Housing Index futures contract for Chicago metro will be the 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 2 of 3 
S&P/Core Logic Case-Shiller Chicago Home Price Index as determined for the three-month Data 
Period of April 2006 through June 2006, scheduled for release in August 2006. 
 
The scheduled release date for the reference SPCLCSIs is the last Tuesday of the contract month. 
If the last Tuesday of the contract month is not a Business Day, then the final settlement price will 
be determined on the Business Day immediately after the last Tuesday of the contract month.   
 
In the event that the reference SPCLCSI is not published on the scheduled release date, the Final 
Settlement Price determination shall be postponed until the publication of the reference SPCLCSI. 
 
In the event that the reference SPCLCSI cannot be determined for the relevant Data Period (the 
“Original Data Period”), for instance due to catastrophic events, the Final Settlement Price 
determination shall be postponed until the earliest possible time when the reference SPCLCSI can 
be determined. The Final Settlement Price shall be the first available subsequent SPCLCSI for the 
affected Metro Area, regardless of the underlying Data Period.   
 
For example, the Original Data Period for the December 2007 S&P/Core Logic Case-Shiller San 
Francisco Home Price Index is the 3-month period October to December 2007. This is the 
reference SPCLCSI for the February 2008 CME San Francisco Housing Futures Index contract, 
and has not been determined due to a catastrophic event. The first available subsequent SPCLCSI 
for the metro area is the March 2008 S&P/Core Logic Case-Shiller San Francisco Home Price 
Index, which covers a 3-month Data Period January to March 2008. The Final Settlement Price for 
the February 2008 CME San Francisco Housing Index Futures contract shall be determined using 
the March 2008 SPCLCSI for this metro area, despite the fact that this SPCLCSI has a different 
Data Period than the Original Data Period. 
 
In the event of a change to the base period, the Final Settlement Price for all listed contract months 
shall be determined by referencing the SPCLCSI calculated using the old base period. The Final 
Settlement Price for all subsequently listed contract months shall be determined by referencing the 
SPCLCSI calculated using the new base period. 
41903.B. 
Final Settlement 
 
Clearing members holding open positions in a CME Metro Area Housing Index futures contract at 
the time of termination of trading in that contract shall make payment to or receive payment from 
the Clearing House in accordance with normal variation performance bond procedures based on a 
settlement price equal to the final settlement price.  
41904.-05. [RESERVED] 
 
(End Chapter 419) 
 
 
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES 
RELATING TO CHAPTER 419 
 
CME HOUSING FUTURES AND OPTIONS ARE NOT SPONSORED, ENDORSED, SOLD OR 
PROMOTED BY MACROMARKETS LLC, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, AFFILIATES OR EMPLOYEES 
(MACROMARKETS LLC, WITH ITS AFFILIATES, ARE REFERRED TO AS “MM”).  MM HAS NOT 
PASSED ON THE LEGALITY OR SUITABILITY OF, OR THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF 
DESCRIPTIONS AND DISCLOSURES RELATING TO CME HOUSING FUTURES AND OPTIONS.  MM 
MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED TO THE HOLDERS OR 
OWNERS OF CME HOUSING FUTURES AND OPTIONS OR ANY MEMBER OF THE PUBLIC 
REGARDING THE ADVISABILITY OF INVESTING IN SECURITIES GENERALLY OR IN CME HOUSING 
FUTURES AND OPTIONS PARTICULARLY, OR THE ABILITY OF THE S&P/CASE-SHILLER® HOME 
PRICE INDICES (“SPCSIS”) TO TRACK GENERAL MARKET PERFORMANCE. “STANDARD & POOR’S” 
AND “S&P” ARE TRADEMARKS OF THE MCGRAW-HILL COMPANIES, INC. AND HAVE BEEN 
LICENSED FOR USE BY CME. NONE OF THE CME HOUSING FUTURES AND OPTIONS OR ANY 
OTHER FINANCIAL PRODUCTS BASED UPON ONE OR MORE SPCSIS ARE SPONSORED, 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 3 of 3 
ENDORSED, SOLD OR PROMOTED BY S&P AND S&P MAKES NO REPRESENTATION REGARDING 
THE ADVISABILITY OF INVESTING IN SUCH PRODUCTS. 
 
FISERV CSW, INC., ITS LICENSEES AND SUBLICENSEES, INCLUDING MM AND S&P HAVE NO 
OBLIGATION TO TAKE THE NEEDS OF CME OR THE OWNERS OR HOLDERS OF CME HOUSING 
FUTURES AND OPTIONS INTO CONSIDERATION IN DETERMINING, COMPOSING OR CALCULATING 
THE SPCSIS.  MM AND S&P (THE “PARTIES”) ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR AND HAVE NOT 
PARTICIPATED IN THE DETERMINATION OF THE TIMING OF, PRICES AT, OR QUANTITIES OF CME 
HOUSING FUTURES AND OPTIONS TO BE LISTED OR IN THE DETERMINATION OR CALCULATION 
OF THE EQUATION BY WHICH CME HOUSING FUTURES AND OPTIONS ARE TO BE CONVERTED 
INTO CASH. THE PARTIES HAVE NO LIABILITY IN CONNECTION WITH THE ADMINISTRATION, 
MARKETING OR TRADING OF CME HOUSING FUTURES AND OPTIONS. 
 
THE PARTIES DO NOT GUARANTEE THE ACCURACY AND/OR UNINTERRUPTED CALCULATION OF 
THE SPCSIS OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN.  THE PARTIES MAKE NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS 
OR IMPLIED, AS TO RESULTS TO BE OBTAINED BY CME, OWNERS OR HOLDERS OF CME 
HOUSING FUTURES AND OPTIONS, OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FROM THE USE OF THE 
SPCSIS OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN.  THE PARTIES MAKE NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED 
WARRANTIES, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS 
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE WITH RESPECT TO THE SPCSIS OR ANY DATA INCLUDED 
THEREIN.  WITHOUT LIMITING ANY OF THE FOREGOING, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE PARTIES HAVE 
ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, INDIRECT, OR 
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, EVEN IF NOTIFIED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 1 of 3 
Chapter 420 
CME Composite Housing Index Futures 
42000. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
 
This chapter is limited in application to futures in S&P/Core Logic Case-Shiller® Composite Home 
Price Index (“Composite Index”) based on residential housing values (CME® Composite Housing 
Index futures). In addition to this chapter, CME Composite House Index futures shall be subject to 
the general rules and regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable.   
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate Chicago time. 
42001. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
 
Each futures contract shall be valued at $250.00 times the reference S&P/Core Logic Case-Shiller 
Composite Home Price Index.  The Exchange shall list futures based on the Composite Index that 
represents a weighted-average of 10 metro area indices: the S&P/Core Logic Case-Shiller Metro 
Area Home Price Indices (“SPCLCSIs”) that represent housing values in Boston, Chicago, Denver, 
Las Vegas, Los Angeles, Miami, New York, San Diego, San Francisco, and Washington D.C.  
42002. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
42002.A. 
Trading Schedule 
 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange.  
42002.B. 
Trading Unit 
 
The unit of trading shall be $250.00 times the reference Composite Index. 
42002.C. 
Price Increments 
 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in terms of the reference Composite Index.  The minimum 
fluctuation of the futures contract shall be 0.20 index points, equivalent to $50.00 per contract.  
42002.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits.  
42002.E. 
[Reserved]  
42002.F. 
[Reserved]  
42002.G. 
Termination of Trading 
 
Futures trading shall terminate at 2:00 p.m. on the Business Day preceding the day of final 
settlement price determination. 
42002.H. 
[Reserved]  
42002.I. 
[Reserved] 
42003. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
 
Delivery under the CME Composite Housing Index Futures contract shall be by cash settlement. 
42003.A. 
Final Settlement Price 
 
The Final Settlement Price shall be the value of the reference S&P/Core Logic Case-Shiller 
Composite Home Price Index as determined for the three-month period ending two calendar 
months prior to the contract month. For the purpose of rule 42003.A., the period for which the index 
calculation is performed shall be referred to as the Data Period.  For example, the Final Settlement 
Price for the August 2006 CME Composite Housing Index futures contract will be the S&P/Core 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 2 of 3 
Logic Case-Shiller Composite Home Price Index as determined for the three-month Data Period of 
April 2006 through June 2006, scheduled for release in August 2006. 
 
The scheduled release date for the reference Composite Index is the last Tuesday of the contract 
month. If the last Tuesday of the contract month is not a Business Day, then the final settlement 
price will be determined on the Business Day immediately after the last Tuesday of the contract 
month.   
 
In the event that the reference S&P/Core Logic Case-Shiller Composite Home Price Index is not 
published on the scheduled release date due to the fact that one of the S&P/Core Logic Case-
Shiller Metro Area Home Price Indices has not been published on the scheduled release date, the 
Final Settlement Price determination shall be postponed until the publication of the reference 
S&P/Core Logic Case-Shiller Composite Home Price Index. 
 
In the event that the SPCLCSI for one of the metro areas (the “Affected Metro Area”) cannot be 
determined for the relevant Data Period (the “Original Data Period”), for instance due to 
catastrophic events, the Final Settlement Price determination for the CME Composite Housing 
Index futures shall be postponed until the earliest possible time when the SPCLCSI for the Affected 
Metro Area can be determined. The Final Settlement Price for the CME Composite Housing Index 
futures shall be determined using the Composite Index determined using the first available 
subsequent SPCLCSI for the Affected Metro Area regardless of the underlying Data Period.  
 
For example, the Original Data Period for the December 2007 S&P/Core Logic Case-Shiller 
Composite Home Price Index is the 3-month period October to December 2007. This is the 
reference Composite Index for the February 2008 CME Composite Housing Index Futures contract, 
and has not been determined, as due to a catastrophic event in San Francisco the December 2007 
S&P/Core Logic Case-Shiller San Francisco Home Price Index has not been determined. The first 
available subsequent SPCLCSI for San Francisco is the March 2008 S&P/Core Logic Case-Shiller 
San Francisco Home Price Index, which covers a 3-month Data Period January to March 2008. 
The Final Settlement Price for the February 2008 CME Composite Housing Index Futures contract 
shall be the value of the S&P/Core Logic Case-Shiller Composite Home Price Index determined 
using the March 2008 SPCLCSI for San Francisco and the previously published December 2007 
SPCLCSI for the other 9 metro areas, despite the fact that this SPCLCSI for San Francisco has a 
different Data Period than the Original Data Period. 
 
In the event of a change to the base period, the Final Settlement Price for all listed contract months 
shall be determined by referencing the Composite Index calculated using the old base period. The 
Final Settlement Price for all subsequently listed contract months shall be determined by 
referencing the Composite Index calculated using the new base period. 
42003.B. 
Final Settlement 
 
Clearing members holding open positions in a CME Composite Housing Index futures contract at 
the time of termination of trading in that contract shall make payment to or receive payment from 
the Clearing House in accordance with normal variation performance bond procedures based on a 
settlement price equal to the final settlement price.  
42004.-05. [RESERVED] 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES 
RELATING TO CHAPTER 420 
 
CME HOUSING FUTURES AND OPTIONS ARE NOT SPONSORED, ENDORSED, SOLD OR PROMOTED BY 
MACROMARKETS LLC, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, AFFILIATES OR EMPLOYEES (MACROMARKETS 
LLC, WITH ITS AFFILIATES, ARE REFERRED TO AS “MM”).  MM HAS NOT PASSED ON THE LEGALITY OR 
SUITABILITY OF, OR THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF DESCRIPTIONS AND DISCLOSURES 
RELATING TO CME HOUSING FUTURES AND OPTIONS.  MM MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR 
WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED TO THE HOLDERS OR OWNERS OF CME HOUSING FUTURES AND 
OPTIONS OR ANY MEMBER OF THE PUBLIC REGARDING THE ADVISABILITY OF INVESTING IN 
SECURITIES GENERALLY OR IN CME HOUSING FUTURES AND OPTIONS PARTICULARLY, OR THE 
ABILITY OF THE S&P/CASE-SHILLER® HOME PRICE INDICES (“SPCSIS”) TO TRACK GENERAL MARKET 
PERFORMANCE. “STANDARD & POOR’S” AND “S&P” ARE TRADEMARKS OF THE MCGRAW-HILL 
COMPANIES, INC. AND HAVE BEEN LICENSED FOR USE BY CME. NONE OF THE CME HOUSING 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                                             Page 3 of 3 
FUTURES AND OPTIONS OR ANY OTHER FINANCIAL PRODUCTS BASED UPON ONE OR MORE SPCSIS 
ARE SPONSORED, ENDORSED, SOLD OR PROMOTED BY S&P AND S&P MAKES NO REPRESENTATION 
REGARDING THE ADVISABILITY OF INVESTING IN SUCH PRODUCTS. 
FISERV CSW, INC., ITS LICENSEES AND SUBLICENSEES, INCLUDING MM AND S&P HAVE NO 
OBLIGATION TO TAKE THE NEEDS OF CME OR THE OWNERS OR HOLDERS OF CME HOUSING 
FUTURES AND OPTIONS INTO CONSIDERATION IN DETERMINING, COMPOSING OR CALCULATING THE 
SPCSIS.  MM AND S&P (THE “PARTIES”) ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR AND HAVE NOT PARTICIPATED 
IN THE DETERMINATION OF THE TIMING OF, PRICES AT, OR QUANTITIES OF CME HOUSING FUTURES 
AND OPTIONS TO BE LISTED OR IN THE DETERMINATION OR CALCULATION OF THE EQUATION BY 
WHICH CME HOUSING FUTURES AND OPTIONS ARE TO BE CONVERTED INTO CASH. THE PARTIES 
HAVE NO LIABILITY IN CONNECTION WITH THE ADMINISTRATION, MARKETING OR TRADING OF CME 
HOUSING FUTURES AND OPTIONS. 
THE PARTIES DO NOT GUARANTEE THE ACCURACY AND/OR UNINTERRUPTED CALCULATION OF THE 
SPCSIS OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN.  THE PARTIES MAKE NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR 
IMPLIED, AS TO RESULTS TO BE OBTAINED BY CME, OWNERS OR HOLDERS OF CME HOUSING 
FUTURES AND OPTIONS, OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FROM THE USE OF THE SPCSIS OR 
ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN.  THE PARTIES MAKE NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, AND 
EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR 
PURPOSE OR USE WITH RESPECT TO THE SPCSIS OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN.  WITHOUT 
LIMITING ANY OF THE FOREGOING, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE PARTIES HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY 
LOST PROFITS OR SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, EVEN 
IF NOTIFIED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 449 
Ether Euro Futures 
 
44900. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Ether Euro Futures. In addition to this chapter, futures shall 
be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange as applicable. 
44901. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each futures contract shall be valued at 50 ether as defined by the CME CF Ether-Euro 
Reference Rate (“ETHEUR_RR”). 
44902. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
44902.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
44902.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 50 ether. 
44902.C. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price increment shall be 0.50 index points, equal to €25.00 per contract, except for 
intermonth spreads executed pursuant to Rule 542.A., for which the minimum price increment 
shall be 0.05 index points, equal to €2.50 per intermonth spread. 
44902.D. Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
44902.E. Price Limits and Trading Halts 
At the commencement of each Trading Day, the contract shall be subject to special price 
fluctuation limits and daily price limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation 
Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
44902.F. Termination of Trading 
Trading in expiring futures shall terminate at 4 p.m. London time on the last Friday of the contract 
month if that day is a business day in either the UK or the US. If that day is not a business day in 
both the UK and the US, trading shall terminate on the preceding day that is a business day in 
either the UK or the US.  
44903. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement. 
44903.A. 
Final Settlement Price 
For a futures contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be the 
ETHEUR_RR published at 4 p.m. London time on the Last Trade Date (Rule 44902.F.). Revision 
to the published ETHEUR_RR shall be received prior to 23:59:59 London Time on the Last Trade 
Date. Thereafter, the final settlement futures price shall be deemed final. 
In the event that the ETHEUR_RR is not publishable or published on the CME Ether Euro Futures 
Termination of Trading day, and therefore, CME cannot determine the CME Ether Euro Final 
Settlement Price, then final settlement of the CME Ether Euro futures contract is at the discretion 
of the Exchange and may be deferred or postponed for up to 14 consecutive calendar days. 
44903.B. Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in an expiring futures contract at its termination of 
trading (Rule 44902.F.) shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 2 
accordance with normal variation margin procedures based on such expiring contract’s Final 
Settlement Price (Rule 44903.A.).  
In the event of a hard fork, Ether Euro futures shall continue to settle to the ETHEUR_RR 
corresponding to the original token pair (ETH:EUR). The Exchange may, in its sole discretion, 
take alternative action with respect to hard forks in consultation with market participants as may 
be appropriate.  
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 450 
Bitcoin Euro Futures  
 
45000. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Bitcoin Euro Futures. In addition to this chapter, futures 
shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange as applicable. 
45001. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each futures contract shall be valued at 5 bitcoin as defined by the CME CF Bitcoin-Euro 
Reference Rate (“BTCEUR_RR”). 
45002. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
45002.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
45002.B. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be 5 bitcoin. 
45002.C. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price increment shall be 5.00 index points, equal to €25.00 per contract, except for 
intermonth spreads executed pursuant to Rule 542.A., for which the minimum price increment 
shall be 1.00 index points, equal to €5.00 per intermonth spread. 
45002.D. Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
45002.E. Daily Price Limits 
At the commencement of each Trading Day, the contract shall be subject to special price 
fluctuation limits and daily price limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation 
Limits Table in the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
45002.F. Termination of Trading 
Trading in expiring futures shall terminate at 4 p.m. London time on the last Friday of the contract 
month if that day is a business day in either the UK or the US. If that day is not a business day in 
both the UK and the US, trading shall terminate on the preceding day that is a business day in 
either the UK or the US.  
45003. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement. 
45003.A. 
Final Settlement Price 
For a futures contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be the 
BTCEUR_RR published at 4 p.m. London time on the Last Trade Date (Rule 45002.F.). Revision 
to the published BTCEUR_RR shall be received prior to 23:59:59 London Time on the Last Trade 
Date. Thereafter, the final settlement futures price shall be deemed final. 
In the event that the BTCEUR_RR is not publishable or published on the CME Bitcoin Euro 
Futures Termination of Trading day, and therefore, CME cannot determine the CME Bitcoin Euro 
Final Settlement Price, then final settlement of the CME Bitcoin Euro futures contract is at the 
discretion of the Exchange and may be deferred or postponed for up to 14 consecutive calendar 
days. 
45003.B. Final Settlement 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 2 
Clearing members holding open positions in an expiring futures contract at its termination of 
trading (Rule 45002.F.) shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in 
accordance with normal variation margin procedures based on such expiring contract’s Final 
Settlement Price (Rule 45003.A.). 
In the event of a hard fork, Bitcoin Euro futures shall continue to settle to the BTCEUR_RR 
corresponding to the original token pair (BTC:EUR). The Exchange may, in its sole discretion, 
take alternative action with respect to hard forks in consultation with market participants as may 
be appropriate. 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 454 
Three-Month Bloomberg Short-Term Bank Yield Index (BSBY) Futures 
 
45400. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Three-Month Bloomberg Short-Term Bank Yield Index 
(“BSBY”) futures (“futures” or “contract”). In addition to this chapter, futures shall be subject to the 
general rules and regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
Unless otherwise specified, times referenced herein shall indicate Chicago time. 
45401. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each contract is valued at $2,500 times the contract-grade IMM Index (Rule 45402.C.). 
45402. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS  
45402.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months as may 
be determined by the Exchange. 
45402.B. 
Trading Unit 
For a contract for a given delivery month, the unit of trading shall be interest based on the U.S. 
dollar, three-month tenor, Bloomberg Short-Term Bank Yield Index, for spot settlement on the third 
Wednesday of such delivery month, expressed as an interest rate per annum such that each basis 
point per annum of interest shall be worth $25 per futures contract. 
45402.C. 
Price Increments  
Contract prices shall be quoted in terms of the IMM Index (“Index”), 100.0000 minus the interest 
rate per annum corresponding to the three-month unsecured U.S. dollar-denominated wholesale 
bank funding transaction specified in Rule 45402.B.  (For example, an interest rate of 2.055 percent 
per annum shall be quoted as an Index value of 97.9450.) 
 
1. 
The Nearest Expiring Contract Month 
The minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.0025 Index points, equal to $6.25 per contract.  
2. 
All Contract Months Excluding the Nearest Expiring Contract Month 
The minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.005 Index points, equal to $12.50 per contract. 
 
45402.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels  
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.   
 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
45402.E. 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589. and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits 
Table in the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
45402.F. 
[Reserved] 
45402.G. 
Termination of Trading  
Trading in an expiring contract shall terminate at 8:00 a.m. New York time on the second New York 
business day immediately preceding the third Wednesday of the contract’s named month of 
delivery. 
45402.H. 
[Reserved] 
45403. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 2 
 
45403.A. 
Final Settlement Price  
The final settlement price of an expiring contract shall be 100.00000 minus the U.S. dollar, three-
month BSBY Index for the second New York business day immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the contract’s named month of delivery.  For the purposes of this rule, business 
days shall mean all weekdays excluding any dates identified by the Securities Industry and 
Financial Markets Association in its U.S. Holiday Recommendations. Such rate shall be as 
determined, and as first published, by Bloomberg Index Services Limited.  The value of such rate, 
so published, shall be to the nearest 0.00001 percentage points per annum.  
Example:   A rate of 2.14155 percent per annum would be subtracted from 100.00000 to 
determine a contract final settlement price of 97.85845 
45403.B. 
Final Settlement  
Clearing members holding open positions in a contract at the time of termination of trading in that 
contract shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in accordance with 
normal variation performance bond procedures based on a settlement price equal to the final 
settlement price. 
45404.-35. [RESERVED] 
INTERPRETATIONS AND SPECIAL NOTICES 
RELATING TO CHAPTER 454 
Bloomberg Index Services Limited and its affiliates (collectively, "Bloomberg") are not affiliated with 
Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and do not approve, endorse, review, or recommend Three-
Month Bloomberg Short-Term Bank Yield Index (BSBY) futures. BLOOMBERG and Bloomberg 
Short Term Bank Yield Index are trademarks or service marks of Bloomberg Finance L.P. and have 
been licensed to Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. Bloomberg or its licensors own all proprietary 
rights in the Bloomberg Short Term Bank Yield Index. Bloomberg does not guarantee the 
timeliness, accurateness, or completeness of any data or information 
relating to Bloomberg Short Term Bank Yield Index. Bloomberg makes no warranty, express or 
implied, as to the Three-Month Bloomberg Short-Term Bank Yield Index (BSBY) futures or 
Bloomberg Short Term Bank Yield or any data or values relating thereto or results to be obtained 
therefrom, and expressly disclaims all warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular 
purpose with respect thereto. To the maximum extent allowed by law, Bloomberg, its licensors, and 
its and their respective employees, contractors, agents, suppliers, and vendors shall have no 
liability or responsibility whatsoever for any injury or damages-whether direct, 
indirect, consequential, incidental, punitive, or otherwise-arising in connection with Three-Month 
Bloomberg Short-Term Bank Yield Index (BSBY) futures or the Bloomberg Short Term Bank Yield 
Index or any data or values relating thereto-whether arising from their negligence or otherwise. 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 457 
13-Week U.S. Treasury Bill Futures 
 
45700.   
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to 13-Week U.S. Treasury Bill Futures (“futures” or 
“contract”). In addition to this chapter, futures shall be subject to the general rules and 
regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
Unless otherwise specified, times referenced herein shall indicate Central Prevailing Time 
(CPT). 
 
45701.   
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each contract is valued at $2,500 times the contract-grade IMM Index (Rule 45702.C.). 
 
45702.   
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
  
 
        
45702.A. Trading Schedule 
Contract months shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such 
months as may be determined by the Exchange.  
45702.B. Trading Unit 
For a given contract month, the unit of trading shall be the discount rate interest based on the 
13-Week U.S. Department of Treasury Bill, for settlement in the same week as the contract’s 
expiry, expressed as an interest rate per annum such that each basis point per annum of 
interest shall be worth $25 per futures contract. 
 
45702.C. Price Basis and Minimum Price Increments 
For a given contract month, prices shall be quoted and made in terms of the contract IMM 
Index (“Index”), 100.0000 minus the 13-Week U.S. Department of Treasury Bill discount yield 
rate per annum, as specified in Rule 45702.B. 
Example:  Where the value of such a discount yield rate is 5.280 percent per annum, 
it shall be quoted as an Index value of 94.720. 
The minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.005 Index points, equal to $12.50 per contract, 
provided that the minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.0025 Index points, equal to $6.25 per 
contract, for any contract month with one month or less until its termination of trading (Rule 
45702.G.), where the applicable one-month interval shall be defined so as to begin on the 
Business Day following the Friday prior to  the third Wednesday of the month preceding the 
month in which trading in such contract terminates. 
45702.D. Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, 
are set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall 
apply to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the 
Market Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
45702.E. Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price 
fluctuation limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily 
Price Limits Table in the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
45702.F. [Reserved] 
45702.G. Termination of Trading 
Trading in an expiring contract shall terminate at 2:00 p.m. on the Monday of the same week 
as the contract’s expiry. If the market is closed on Monday, trading in an expiring contract shall 
terminate at 2:00 p.m. on the Tuesday of the same week as the contract’s expiry. 
45702.H. [Reserved] 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 2 
45703.   
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement. 
45703.A. Final Settlement Price 
1. 
Definition of Final Settlement Price 
The final settlement price shall be 100 minus the highest discount rate accepted, rounded to 
the nearest 1/1,000th of a percentage point, in the U.S. Department of Treasury 13-week 
U.S. Treasury Bill auction. 
If the U.S. Department of Treasury 13-week U.S. Treasury Bill auction is delayed past the 
contract’s last trade date/time or canceled, then the final settlement price shall be sourced from 
the Daily Treasury Bill Rates published by the U.S. Department of the Treasury, which 
represents the daily secondary market quotations on the most recently auctioned 13-Week 
U.S. Department of Treasury Bill, on the day of the initially proposed auction. 
If the Daily Treasury Bill Rates published by the U.S. Department of the Treasury is 
unavailable, then the final settlement price shall be determined by the CME 3-Month Term 
SOFR Benchmark Rate on the day of the originally scheduled auction, converted into a 
discount rate.   
45703.B. Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in a contract at the time of termination of trading in 
such contract shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in 
accordance with normal variation performance bond procedures based on a settlement price 
equal to the final settlement price. 
 
45704.-35.  
[RESERVED] 
 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 1 of 3 
 
Chapter 460 
Three-Month SOFR Futures 
46000.  
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Three-Month SOFR futures (“futures” or “contract”). In addition to 
this chapter, futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange insofar as 
applicable. 
Unless otherwise specified, times referenced herein shall indicate Chicago time. 
46001.  
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each contract is valued at $2,500 times the contract-grade IMM Index (Rule 46002.C.). 
46002.  
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
  
46002.A. Trading Schedule 
Contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months as may be 
determined by the Exchange. 
46002.B. Trading Unit 
For a contract for a given delivery month, the unit of trading shall be compounded daily Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate (“SOFR”) interest during the contract Reference Quarter (Rule 46003.A.1.), expressed as 
an interest rate per annum for which (i) such interest rate shall accrue on the basis of the actual number 
of days spanned by such contract Reference Quarter, divided by a 360-day year, and (ii) each basis point 
per annum of such interest rate shall be worth $25 per futures contract.  The SOFR shall be as published 
by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (“FRBNY”). 
46002.C. Price Basis and Minimum Price Increments 
For a contract for a given delivery month, prices shall be quoted and made in terms of the contract IMM 
Index (“Index”), 100.0000 minus compounded daily SOFR interest during the contract Reference Quarter, 
as specified in Rule 46002.B. 
 
Example:  Where the value of such compounded daily SOFR is 2.055 percent per annum, it shall 
 
be quoted as an Index value of 97.9450. 
The minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.005 Index points, equal to $12.50 per contract, provided that the 
minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.0025 Index points, equal to $6.25 per contract, for any contract with 
four months or less until its termination of trading (Rule 46002.G.), where the applicable four-month 
interval shall be defined so as to begin on the Business Day following the Friday prior to  the third 
Wednesday of the fourth month preceding the month in which trading in such contract terminates. 
46002.D. Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set forth 
in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to the 
Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions 
from the specified position limits. 
46002.E. Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation limits 
as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
46002.F. [Reserved] 
46002.G. Termination of Trading 
Trading in an expiring contract shall terminate at the close of trading on the Business Day immediately 
preceding the third Wednesday of the contract delivery month. 
46002.H. [Reserved] 
46003.  
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement. 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 2 of 3 
 
46003.A. Final Settlement Price 
1.  Definition of Reference Quarter 
For a contract for a given delivery month, the Reference Quarter shall be the interval that ends on (and 
does not include) the third Wednesday of the contract delivery month, and that begins on (and includes) 
the third Wednesday of the third calendar month preceding the contract delivery month. 
Example:  For a hypothetical contract for which the delivery month is March 2022, the contract 
Reference Quarter shall start on (and shall include) the third Wednesday of December 2021 
(December 15, 2021) and shall end on (and shall not include) the third Wednesday of March 
2022 (March 16, 2022).   
 2.  Definition of Final Settlement Price 
For a contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be 100 minus compounded 
daily SOFR during the contract Reference Quarter (“R”), as follows: 
Final Settlement Price   =   100 minus R 
where 
R   =   
 [  Πi=1…n {1+(di /360)*(ri /100)}  –  1  ]  x  (360/D)  x  100 
n   = 
 
the number of US government securities market business days (“cash business days”)  
 
 
during such Reference Quarter. 
i       
 
is the running variable that indexes each cash business day in such Reference Quarter,  
 
 
such that i takes the values i = 1,2,…,(n-1),n. 
Πi=1…n    
denotes the product of the values indexed by the running variable, i = 1,2,…,n. 
ri   = 
 
the SOFR value corresponding to cash business day i, expressed as an interest rate per  
 
 
annum. 
 
 
Example:  If SOFR for cash business day i is two and one quarter percent, then ri  = 2.25. 
di   =  
the number of calendar days to which ri applies.  For any calendar day that is not  
a cash  
 
 
business day (eg, weekend days, US government securities market holidays), the  
 
 
applicable value shall be SOFR for the immediately preceding cash business day. 
 
 
Examples:  If the ith day is a Monday, a Tuesday, a Wednesday, or a Thursday, and if the  
 
 
next following calendar day is a cash business day, then di = 1.  If the ith  
day is a Friday,  
 
 
and if the next following Monday is a cash business day, then di = 3. 
D =  
the number of calendar days in the Reference Quarter:  D = Σi=1…n di. 
For the purposes of this Rule, “US government securities market business days” shall mean all weekdays 
excluding any dates identified by the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association in its U.S. 
Holiday Recommendations. 
3.  Computational Conventions  
The final settlement price for an expiring contract shall be calculated by the Exchange on the day on 
which the FRBNY publishes the SOFR value for the last day of such contract’s Reference Quarter (Rule 
46003.A.1.).  Customarily, though not always, such publication will occur on the third Wednesday of such 
contract’s delivery month. 
The SOFR value for the last day of such expiring contract’s Reference Quarter shall be as first published 
by the FRBNY. 
The value of R determined pursuant to Rule 46003.A.2. shall be rounded to the nearest 1/10,000th of one 
percent per annum, ie, the nearest 1/100th of one interest rate basis point per annum, or 0.0001 Index 
points.  A tie value, ie, any such value ending in ending in 0.00005, shall be rounded up. 
 
Example:  A value of 3.14155 percent per annum would be rounded up to 3.1416 percent per 
 
annum, and then subtracted from 100.000 to determine a contract final settlement price of 96.8584 
 
Index points. 
46003.B. Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in a contract at the time of termination of trading in such contract 
shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in accordance with normal variation 
performance bond procedures based on a settlement price equal to the final settlement price. 
46004.-35. [RESERVED] 
 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 3 of 3 
 
(End Chapter 460) 
 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 1 of 8 
 
Chapter 460A 
Options on Three-Month SOFR Futures 
 
460A00.  
 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to options on Three-Month SOFR futures (“options”). In addition 
to this chapter, options shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange insofar 
as applicable. 
Unless otherwise specified, times referenced herein shall refer to and indicate Chicago time. 
460A01.  
 
OPTION CHARACTERISTICS 
460A01.A. Contract Months and Trading Hours 
Options shall be listed for expiration on such dates and shall be scheduled for trading during such 
hours as may be determined by the Exchange. 
460A01.B. Trading Unit 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy in the case of the call, or to sell in the case of the put, one 
Three-Month SOFR futures contract (Chapter 460) (“futures” or “futures contract”). 
460A01.C. Minimum Fluctuations 
The price of an option shall be quoted in IMM Index points corresponding to such option’s underlying 
futures contract (Rule 460A01.D.).  Pursuant to Rules 46002.C., each 0.01 IMM Index point signifies 
one (1) basis point per annum of interest rate exposure in such underlying futures contract’s Trading 
Unit (Rule 46002.B.) and is equal to $25 per option contract.  Accordingly, for example, an option 
contract price of 0.35 IMM Index points represents $875 (equal to 35 basis points x $25 per basis 
point per option contract). 
Minimum price fluctuations shall be as follows – 
1. Quarterly Standard Options (Rule 460A01.D.1.) Expiring in the Nearest March Quarterly 
Month 
Where such options are for the next nearest monthly option expiration date, the minimum price 
fluctuation shall be 0.0025 IMM Index points (equal to $6.25 per option contract). 
Where such options are not for the next nearest monthly option expiration date, then: 
Where any such option trades outright at a premium not greater than 0.05 IMM Index points, 
the minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.0025 IMM Index points (equal to $6.25 per option 
contract). 
Where any such option trades outright at a premium greater than 0.05 IMM Index points, 
the minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.005 IMM Index points (equal to $12.50 per option 
contract). 
2. Quarterly Standard Options (Rule 460A01.D.1.) Expiring in the Second-Nearest March 
Quarterly Month, Serial Standard Options (Rule 460A01.D.2.), and Three-Month Mid-Curve 
Options (Rule 460A01.D.8.) 
Where any such option trades outright at a premium not greater than 0.05 IMM Index points, the 
minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.0025 IMM Index points (equal to $6.25 per option contract).  
Where any such option trades outright at a premium greater than 0.05 IMM Index points, the minimum 
price fluctuation shall be 0.005 IMM Index points (equal to $12.50 per option contract). 
3. All Other Quarterly Standard Options (Rule 460A01.D.1.) and All Other Mid-Curve Options 
(Rules 460A01.D.3. through 460A01.D.7., 460A01.D.9., and 460A01.D.10.) 
For all Quarterly Standard options other than those that expire in the nearest March Quarterly month 
or the second-nearest March Quarterly month, and for all Mid-Curve options other than Three-Month 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 2 of 8 
 
Mid-Curve options, the minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.005 IMM Index points (equal to $12.50 
per option contract), provided that trade may occur at a price level of 0.0025 IMM Index point (equal 
to $6.25 per option contract), whether or not such trade results in liquidation of positions for both 
parties to such trade. 
4. Option Spreads and Combinations 
All option spreads and combinations shall trade in minimum price increments of 0.005 IMM Index 
points, subject to the following exceptions: 
(a) An option spread or combination may trade in minimum price increments of 0.0025 
IMM Index points if (i) such option spread or combination comprises only Quarterly 
Standard Options Expiring in the Nearest March Quarterly Month (Rule 460A01.C.1.), 
and (ii) all option contracts that are components of such spread or combination are for 
the nearest monthly option expiration date. 
(b) An option spread or combination may trade in minimum price increments of 0.0025 
IMM Index points if such option spread or combination (i) trades at a net premium not 
greater than 0.05 IMM Index points and not less than -0.05 IMM Index points and (ii) 
comprises only such options as are specified in Rule 460A01.C.1. and/or Rule 
460A01.C.2. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any option spread or combination that comprises one or more options 
specified in Rule 460A01.C.3. shall trade in minimum price increments of 0.005 IMM Index points. 
For the purpose of Rule 813 for Settlement Prices, the minimum price fluctuation for all options shall 
be 0.0025 IMM Index point (equal to $6.25 per option contract). 
Where the price of an option is quoted in volatility terms, the minimum fluctuation shall be 0.05 
percent. 
460A01.D. Underlying Futures Contracts 
1. Options in the March Quarterly Cycle (“Quarterly Standard Options”) 
For options that expire in any month in the March quarterly cycle (i.e., March, June, September, and 
December), except for those Mid-Curve options specified in Paragraphs 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, or 10 of 
this Rule, the underlying futures contract is the futures contract for which the contract Reference 
Quarter (Rule 46003.A.1.) begins on the third Wednesday of the month in which such options expire. 
Example:  For a given year, the underlying futures contract for an option that expires in 
March is the futures contract for which the contract Reference Quarter begins on (and 
includes) the third Wednesday of March and ends on (and does not include) the third 
Wednesday of June. 
2. Options Not in the March Quarterly Cycle (“Serial Standard Options”) 
For options that expire in any month not in the March quarterly cycle, (i.e., January, February, April, 
May, July, August, October, and November), excluding those Mid-Curve options specified in 
Paragraphs 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, or 10 of this Rule, the underlying futures contract is the futures contract 
for which the contract Reference Quarter (Rule 46003.A.1.) begins on the third Wednesday of the 
next month in the March quarterly cycle that is nearest the expiration of such options. 
Example:  For a given year, the underlying futures contract for an option that expires in 
either January or February is the futures contract for which the contract Reference Quarter 
begins on (and includes) the third Wednesday of March and ends on (and does not include) 
the third Wednesday of June. 
 3. One-Year Mid-Curve Options 
One-Year Mid-Curve Options in the March Quarterly Cycle (“Quarterly One-Year Mid-Curve 
Options”) 
For One-Year Mid-Curve options that expire in any month in the March quarterly cycle, the underlying 
futures contract is the futures contract for which the contract Reference Quarter (Rule 46003.A.1.) 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 3 of 8 
 
begins on the third Wednesday of the 12th calendar month following the month in which such options 
expire. 
Example:  The underlying futures contract for the Quarterly One-Year Mid-Curve options 
that expire in September of a given year is the futures contract for which the contract 
Reference Quarter begins on (and includes) the third Wednesday of September one (1) 
year hence and ends on (and does not include) the third Wednesday of December one (1) 
year hence. 
One-Year Mid-Curve Options Not in the March Quarterly Cycle (“Serial One-Year Mid-Curve 
Options”) 
For One-Year Mid-Curve Options that expire in any month other than those in the March quarterly 
cycle, the underlying futures contract is the futures contract for which the contract Reference Quarter 
(Rule 46003.A.1.) begins on the third Wednesday of the 12th calendar month following the next March 
quarterly month that is nearest to the expiration of such options. 
Example:  The underlying futures contract for the Serial One-Year Mid-Curve options that 
expire in April or May of a given year is the futures contract for which the contract Reference 
Quarter begins on (and includes) the third Wednesday of June one (1) year hence and ends 
on (and does not include) the third Wednesday of September one (1) year hence. 
Weekly One-Year Mid-Curve Options 
For Weekly One-Year Mid-Curve Options, the underlying futures contract is the futures contract for 
which the contract Reference Quarter (Rule 46003.A.1.) begins on the third Wednesday of the 12th 
calendar month following the next March quarterly month that is nearest to the expiration of such 
options. 
4. Two-Year Mid-Curve Options 
Two-Year Mid-Curve Options in the March Quarterly Cycle (“Quarterly Two-Year Mid-Curve 
Options”) 
For Two-Year Mid-Curve options that expire in any month in the March quarterly cycle, the underlying 
futures contract is the futures contract for which the contract Reference Quarter (Rule 46003.A.1.) 
begins on the third Wednesday of the 24th calendar month following the month in which such options 
expire. 
Example:  The underlying futures contract for the Quarterly Two-Year Mid-Curve options 
that expire in September of a given year is the futures contract for which the contract 
Reference Quarter begins on (and includes) the third Wednesday of September two (2) 
years hence and ends on (and does not include) the third Wednesday of December two (2) 
years hence. 
Two-Year Mid-Curve Options Not in the March Quarterly Cycle (“Serial Two-Year Mid-Curve 
Options”) 
For Two-Year Mid-Curve Options that expire in any month other than those in the March quarterly 
cycle, the underlying futures contract is the futures contract for which the contract Reference Quarter 
(Rule 46003.A.1.) begins on the third Wednesday of the 24th calendar month following the next March 
quarterly month that is nearest to the expiration of such options. 
Example:  The underlying futures contract for the Serial Two-Year Mid-Curve options that 
expire in April or May of a given year is the futures contract for which the contract Reference 
Quarter begins on (and includes) the third Wednesday of June two (2) years hence and 
ends on (and does not include) the third Wednesday of September two (2) year hence. 
Weekly Two-Year Mid-Curve Options 
For Weekly Two-Year Mid-Curve Options, the underlying futures contract is the futures contract for 
which the contract Reference Quarter (Rule 46003.A.1.) begins on the third Wednesday of the 24th 
calendar month following the next March quarterly month that is nearest to the expiration of such 
options. 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 4 of 8 
 
5. Three-Year Mid-Curve Options 
Three-Year Mid-Curve Options in the March Quarterly Cycle (“Quarterly Three-Year Mid-Curve 
Options”) 
For Three-Year Mid-Curve options that expire in any month in the March quarterly cycle, the 
underlying futures contract is the futures contract for which the contract Reference Quarter (Rule 
46003.A.1.) begins on the third Wednesday of the 36th calendar month following the month in which 
such options expire. 
Example:  The underlying futures contract for the Quarterly Three-Year Mid-Curve options 
that expire in September of a given year is the futures contract for which the contract 
Reference Quarter begins on (and includes) the third Wednesday of September three (3) 
years hence and ends on (and does not include) the third Wednesday of December three 
(3) years hence. 
Three-Year Mid-Curve Options Not in the March Quarterly Cycle (“Serial Three-Year Mid-Curve 
Options”) 
For Three-Year Mid-Curve Options that expire in any month other than those in the March quarterly 
cycle, the underlying futures contract is the futures contract for which the contract Reference Quarter 
(Rule 46003.A.1.) begins on the third Wednesday of the 36th calendar month following the next March 
quarterly month that is nearest to the expiration of such options. 
Example:  The underlying futures contract for the Serial Three-Year Mid-Curve options that 
expire in April or May of a given year is the futures contract for which the contract Reference 
Quarter begins on (and includes) the third Wednesday of June three (3) years hence and 
ends on (and does not include) the third Wednesday of September three (3) year hence. 
Weekly Three-Year Mid-Curve Options 
For Weekly Three-Year Mid-Curve Options, the underlying futures contract is the futures contract for 
which the contract Reference Quarter (Rule 46003.A.1.) begins on the third Wednesday of the 36th 
calendar month following the next March quarterly month that is nearest to the expiration of such 
options. 
6. Four-Year Mid-Curve Options 
Four-Year Mid-Curve Options in the March Quarterly Cycle (“Quarterly Four-Year Mid-Curve 
Options”) 
For Four-Year Mid-Curve options that expire in any month in the March quarterly cycle, the underlying 
futures contract is the futures contract for which the contract Reference Quarter (Rule 46003.A.1.) 
begins on the third Wednesday of the 48th calendar month following the month in which such options 
expire. 
Example:  The underlying futures contract for the Quarterly Four-Year Mid-Curve options 
that expire in September of a given year is the futures contract for which the contract 
Reference Quarter begins on (and includes) the third Wednesday of September four (4) 
years hence and ends on (and does not include) the third Wednesday of December four (4) 
years hence. 
Four-Year Mid-Curve Options Not in the March Quarterly Cycle (“Serial Four-Year Mid-Curve 
Options”) 
For Four-Year Mid-Curve Options that expire in any month other than those in the March quarterly 
cycle, the underlying futures contract is the futures contract for which the contract Reference Quarter 
(Rule 46003.A.1.) begins on the third Wednesday of the 48th calendar month following the next March 
quarterly month that is nearest to the expiration of such options. 
Example:  The underlying futures contract for the Serial Four-Year Mid-Curve options that 
expire in April or May of a given year is the futures contract for which the contract Reference 
Quarter begins on (and includes) the third Wednesday of June four (4) years hence and 
ends on (and does not include) the third Wednesday of September four (4) year hence. 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 5 of 8 
 
7. Five-Year Mid-Curve Options 
Five-Year Mid-Curve Options in the March Quarterly Cycle (“Quarterly Five-Year Mid-Curve 
Options”) 
For Five-Year Mid-Curve options that expire in any month in the March quarterly cycle, the underlying 
futures contract is the futures contract for which the contract Reference Quarter (Rule 46003.A.1.) 
begins on the third Wednesday of the 60th calendar month following the month in which such options 
expire. 
Example:  The underlying futures contract for the Quarterly Five-Year Mid-Curve options 
that expire in September of a given year is the futures contract for which the contract 
Reference Quarter begins on (and includes) the third Wednesday of September five (5) 
years hence and ends on (and does not include) the third Wednesday of December five (5) 
years hence. 
Five-Year Mid-Curve Options Not in the March Quarterly Cycle (“Serial Five-Year Mid-Curve 
Options”) 
For Five-Year Mid-Curve Options that expire in any month other than those in the March quarterly 
cycle, the underlying futures contract is the futures contract for which the contract Reference Quarter 
(Rule 46003.A.1.) begins on the third Wednesday of the 60th calendar month following the next March 
quarterly month that is nearest to the expiration of such options. 
Example:  The underlying futures contract for the Serial Five-Year Mid-Curve options that 
expire in April or May of a given year is the futures contract for which the contract Reference 
Quarter begins on (and includes) the third Wednesday of June five (5) years hence and 
ends on (and does not include) the third Wednesday of September five (5) year hence. 
8. Three-Month Mid-Curve Options 
Three-Month Mid-Curve Options in the March Quarterly Cycle (“Quarterly Three-Month Mid-Curve 
Options”) 
For Three-Month Mid-Curve options that expire in any month in the March quarterly cycle, the 
underlying futures contract is the futures contract for which the contract Reference Quarter (Rule 
46003.A.1.) begins on the third Wednesday of the third calendar month following the month in which 
such options expire. 
Example:  The underlying futures contract for the Quarterly Three-Month Mid-Curve options 
that expire in September of a given year is the futures contract for which the contract 
Reference Quarter begins on (and includes) the third Wednesday of the following December 
and ends on (and does not include) the third Wednesday of the following March. 
Three-Month Mid-Curve Options Not in the March Quarterly Cycle (“Serial Three-Month Mid-Curve 
Options”) 
For Three-Month Mid-Curve Options that expire in any month other than those in the March quarterly 
cycle, the underlying futures contract is the futures contract for which the contract Reference Quarter 
(Rule 46003.A.1.) begins on the third Wednesday of the third calendar month following the next 
March quarterly month that is nearest to the expiration of such options. 
Example:  The underlying futures contract for the Serial Three-Month Mid-Curve options 
that expire in April or May of a given year is the futures contract for which the contract 
Reference Quarter begins on (and includes) the third Wednesday of the following 
September and ends on (and does not include) the third Wednesday of the following 
December. 
9. Six-Month Mid-Curve Options 
Six-Month Mid-Curve Options in the March Quarterly Cycle (“Quarterly Six-Month Mid-Curve 
Options”) 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 6 of 8 
 
For Six-Month Mid-Curve options that expire in any month in the March quarterly cycle, the underlying 
futures contract is the futures contract for which the contract Reference Quarter (Rule 46003.A.1.) 
begins on the third Wednesday of the sixth calendar month following the month in which such options 
expire. 
Example:  The underlying futures contract for the Quarterly Six-Month Mid-Curve options 
that expire in March of a given year is the futures contract for which the contract Reference 
Quarter begins on (and includes) the third Wednesday of the following September and ends 
on (and does not include) the third Wednesday of the following December. 
Six-Month Mid-Curve Options Not in the March Quarterly Cycle (“Serial Six-Month Mid-Curve 
Options”) 
For Six-Month Mid-Curve Options that expire in any month other than those in the March quarterly 
cycle, the underlying futures contract is the futures contract for which the contract Reference Quarter 
(Rule 46003.A.1.) begins on the third Wednesday of the sixth calendar month following the next 
March quarterly month that is nearest to the expiration of such options. 
Example:  The underlying futures contract for the Serial Six-Month Mid-Curve options that 
expire in January or February of a given year is the futures contract for which the contract 
Reference Quarter begins on (and includes) the third Wednesday of the following 
September and ends on (and does not include) the third Wednesday of the following 
December. 
10. Nine-Month Mid-Curve Options 
Nine-Month Mid-Curve Options in the March Quarterly Cycle (“Quarterly Nine-Month Mid-Curve 
Options”) 
For Nine-Month Mid-Curve options that expire in any month in the March quarterly cycle, the 
underlying futures contract is the futures contract for which the contract Reference Quarter (Rule 
46003.A.1.) begins on the third Wednesday of the ninth calendar month following the month in which 
such options expire. 
Example:  The underlying futures contract for the Quarterly Nine-Month Mid-Curve options 
that expire in December of a given year is the futures contract for which the contract 
Reference Quarter begins on (and includes) the third Wednesday of the following 
September and ends on (and does not include) the third Wednesday of the following 
December. 
Nine-Month Mid-Curve Options Not in the March Quarterly Cycle (“Serial Nine-Month Mid-Curve 
Options”) 
For Nine-Month Mid-Curve Options that expire in any month other than those in the March quarterly 
cycle, the underlying futures contract is the futures contract for which the contract Reference Quarter 
(Rule 46003.A.1.) begins on the third Wednesday of the ninth calendar month following the next 
March quarterly month that is nearest to the expiration of such options. 
Example:  The underlying futures contract for the Serial Nine-Month Mid-Curve options that 
expire in October or November of a given year is the futures contract for which the contract 
Reference Quarter begins on (and includes) the third Wednesday of the following 
September and ends on (and does not include) the third Wednesday of the following 
December. 
460A01.E. Exercise Prices 
1. Twenty-Five Point Exercise Prices 
For options for a given expiration date that are exercisable into a given underlying futures contract, 
exercise prices shall be stated in terms of the IMM Index for such underlying futures contract and 
shall be stated in intervals whose last two digits are 00, 25, 50, or 75 ("twenty-five point exercise 
prices") for all IMM Index levels, e.g., 88.00, 88.25, 88.50, 88.75. 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 7 of 8 
 
The Exchange shall list put and call options for trading at the exercise price that is nearest the 
previous day's settlement price of such underlying futures contract (“at-the-money exercise  price”) 
and at all eligible exercise prices in a range from 5.50 IMM Index points above to 5.50 IMM Index 
points below such at-the-money exercise price.  Thereafter until termination of trading in such 
options, the Exchange shall ensure that put and call options are listed for trading on each day at all 
eligible exercise prices in a range from 5.50 IMM Index points above to 5.50 IMM Index points below 
the at-the-money exercise price for such underlying futures contract.  New options may be listed for 
trading up to and including the termination of trading. 
2. Special Listings of 12.5 Point Exercise Prices 
For options for a given expiration date that are exercisable into a given underlying futures contract, 
with the exception of certain option expiries with 6.25 Point Exercise Prices (Rule 460A01.E.3.), 
additional exercise prices shall be stated in intervals whose last three digits are 12.5, 37.5, 62.5, or 
87.5 ("12.5 point exercise prices") for all IMM Index levels, e.g., 93.125, 93.375, 93.625, 93.875. 
The Exchange shall ensure that put and call options are listed for trading on each day at all such 
12.5 point exercise prices in a range from 1.50 IMM Index points above to 1.50 IMM Index points 
below the at-the-money exercise price for such underlying futures contract. 
3. Special Listings of 6.25 Point Exercise Prices 
From time to time as determined by the Exchange, additional exercise prices for selected expiries 
will be made available in intervals whose last four digits are 06.25, 12.50, 18.75, 31.25, 37.50, 43.75, 
56.25, 62.50, 68.75, 81.25, 87.50, or 93.75 ("6.25 point exercise prices") for all IMM Index levels, 
e.g., 93.0625, 93.1250, 93.1875, 93.3125, 93.3750, 93.4375, 93.5625, 93.6250, 93.6875, 93.8125, 
93.8750, 93.9375. 
Until termination of trading in such options, the Exchange shall ensure that put and call options are 
listed for trading on each day at all such 6.25 point exercise prices in a range from 1.50 IMM Index 
points above to 1.50 IMM Index points below the at-the-money exercise price for such underlying 
futures contract. 
4. Dynamically-Listed Exercise Prices 
Upon demand and at the discretion of the Exchange, a new option contract with an out-of-current- 
range exercise price may be added, on an as-soon-as-possible basis, provided that the last two digits 
of the exercise price of such newly added option contract must be 00, 25, 50, or 75 (e.g., 88.00, 
88.25, 88.50, 88.75). 
The Exchange may modify the provisions governing the establishment of exercise prices as it deems 
appropriate. 
460A01.F. Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set 
forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. Refer to Rule 559 for requirements 
concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions from the specified position limits. 
460A01.G.-I. [Reserved] 
460A01.J. Termination of Trading 
1. All Options Excluding Weekly Mid-Curve Options 
Trading in any Quarterly Standard Option, Serial Standard Option, Quarterly Mid-Curve Option, or 
Serial Mid-Curve Option shall terminate at the close of trading on the Friday preceding the third 
Wednesday of the month in which such option expires.  If such Friday is a scheduled Exchange 
holiday, then trading shall terminate on the immediately preceding Business Day.  In the event that 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 8 of 8 
 
the underlying futures market for such option does not open on the day scheduled for termination of 
trading in such option, then trading in such option shall be extended to the next day on which the 
underlying futures market is open for trading. 
2. Weekly Mid-Curve Options 
Trading in Weekly Mid-Curve options shall terminate at the close of trading on any Friday that is not 
also scheduled for termination of trading in Quarterly Mid-Curve Options or Serial Mid-Curve Options.  
If such Friday is a scheduled Exchange holiday, then trading shall terminate on the immediately 
preceding Business Day.  In the event that the underlying futures market for such option does not 
open on the day scheduled for termination of trading in such option, then trading in such option shall 
be extended to the next day on which the underlying futures market is open for trading. 
460A01.K. [Reserved] 
460A02.  
 
EXERCISE AND ASSIGNMENT 
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to 
the exercise of SOFR options. 
460A02.A. Exercise of Option by Buyer 
An option may be exercised by the buyer on any Business Day that the option is traded.  To exercise 
an option, the clearing member representing the buyer shall present an exercise notice to the 
Clearing House by 5:30 p.m. on the day of exercise. 
An option that is in the money and has not been liquidated or exercised prior to the termination of 
trading in such option shall be exercised automatically, in the absence of contrary instructions 
delivered to the Clearing House no later than 5:30 p.m. on the last day of trading by the clearing 
member representing the option buyer. An option is in the money if the settlement price of the 
underlying futures contract at the termination of trading lies strictly above the exercise price in the 
case of a call, or lies strictly below the exercise price in the case of a put. 
460A02.B. Assignment 
Exercise notices accepted by the Clearing House shall be assigned through a process of random 
selection to clearing members with open short positions in the same series. A clearing member to 
which an exercise notice is assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as practicable after such notice 
is assigned by the Clearing House, but not later than 45 minutes before the opening of Regular 
Trading Hours in the underlying futures contract on the following Business Day. 
The clearing member assigned an exercise notice shall be assigned a short position in the underlying 
futures contract if a call is exercised or a long position if a put is exercised.  The clearing member 
representing the option buyer shall be assigned a long position in the underlying futures contract if a 
call is exercised and a short position if a put is exercised.  All such futures positions shall be assigned 
at a price equal to the exercise price of the option and shall be marked to market in accordance with 
Rule 814 on the Trading Day of acceptance by the Clearing House of the exercise notice. 
460A03. 
 
[RESERVED] 
 
(End Chapter 460A) 
 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 1 of 2 
 
Chapter 461 
One-Month SOFR Futures 
 
46100.  
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to One-Month SOFR futures (“futures” or “contract”). In addition to 
this chapter, futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange insofar as 
applicable. 
Unless otherwise specified, times referenced herein shall indicate Chicago time. 
46101.  
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each contract is valued at $4,167 times the contract-grade IMM Index (Rule 46102.C.). 
46102.  
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
46102.A. Trading Schedule 
Contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months as may be 
determined by the Exchange. 
46102.B. Trading Unit 
For a contract for a given delivery month, the unit of trading shall be average daily Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate (“SOFR”) interest during such contract’s delivery month, subject to Rule 46103., 
expressed as an interest rate per annum for which (i) such interest rate shall be on the basis of the actual 
number of days in such delivery month, divided by a 360-day year, and (ii) each basis point per annum 
of such interest rate shall be worth $41.67 per futures contract.  The SOFR shall be as published by the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York (“FRBNY”). 
46102.C. Price Basis and Minimum Price Increments 
For a contract for a given delivery month, prices shall be quoted and made in terms of the contract IMM 
Index (“Index”), 100.0000 minus average daily SOFR during the contract delivery month, as specified in 
Rule 46102.B. 
 
Example:  Where the value of such average daily SOFR is 2.0275 percent per annum, it shall be 
 
quoted as an Index value of 97.9725. 
The minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.005 Index points, equal to $20.835 per contract, provided that: 
Where the first day of a contract’s delivery month is a Saturday, a Sunday, or a Monday, the 
minimum price fluctuation of such contract shall be 0.0025 Index points, equal to $10.4175 per 
contract, as of the first Trading Day of such contract’s delivery month, until the termination of 
trading in such contract. 
Where the first day of a contract’s delivery month is a Tuesday, a Wednesday, a Thursday, or a 
Friday, the minimum price fluctuation of such contract shall be 0.0025 Index points, equal to 
$10.4175 per contract, as of the Trading Day immediately following the last Sunday of the month 
preceding such contract’s delivery month, until the termination of trading in such contract. 
46102.D. Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set forth 
in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to the 
Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation 
Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions 
from the specified position limits. 
46102.E. Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation limits 
as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations & Special 
Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
46102.F. [Reserved] 
46102.G. Termination of Trading 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 2 of 2 
 
Trading in an expiring contract shall terminate at the close of trading on the last Business Day of such 
contract’s delivery month. 
46102.H. [Reserved] 
46103.  
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement. 
46103.A. Final Settlement Price 
The final settlement price for an expiring contract shall be calculated by the Exchange on the day on 
which the FRBNY publishes the SOFR value for the last day of such contract’s delivery month. 
The SOFR value for the last day of such delivery month shall be as first published by the FRBNY. 
The final settlement price shall be 100 minus the arithmetic average of daily SOFR values during the 
contract delivery month.  For any day during such delivery month for which the FRBNY does not publish 
a SOFR value (eg, a weekend day, a US government securities market holiday), the SOFR value 
assigned to such day shall be the SOFR value for the last preceding day for which a SOFR value was 
published. 
Such arithmetic average value shall be rounded to the nearest 1/1,000th of one percent per annum, ie, 
the nearest 1/10th of one interest rate basis point per annum, or 0.001 Index points. A tie value, ie, any 
such arithmetic average value ending in 0.0005, shall be rounded up. 
 
Example:  An arithmetic average value of 2.5915 percent per annum would be rounded up to 2.592 
 
percent per annum, and then subtracted from 100.000 to determine a contract final settlement price 
 
of 97.408 Index points. 
46103.B. Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in a contract at the time of termination of trading in such contract 
shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in accordance with normal variation 
performance bond procedures based on a settlement price equal to the final settlement price. 
46104.-35. [RESERVED] 
 
(End Chapter 461) 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 3 
Chapter 461A 
Options on One-Month SOFR Futures 
 
 
461A00.  
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to options on One-Month SOFR futures (“options”). In addition 
to this chapter, options shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange insofar 
as applicable. 
Unless otherwise specified, times referenced herein shall refer to and indicate Chicago time. 
461A01.  
OPTIONS CHARACTERISTICS 
461A01.A. Contract Months and Trading Hours 
Options shall be listed for expiration on such dates and shall be scheduled for trading during such 
hours as may be determined by the Exchange. 
461A01.B. Trading Unit 
The trading unit shall be an option to buy in the case of the call, or to sell in the case of the put, one 
One-Month SOFR futures contract (Chapter 461) (“futures” or “futures contract”). 
461A01.C. Minimum Fluctuations 
The price of an option shall be quoted in IMM Index points corresponding to such option’s 
underlying futures contract (Rule 461A01.D.).  Pursuant to Rules 46102.C., each 0.01 IMM Index 
point signifies one (1) basis point per annum of interest rate exposure in such underlying futures 
contract’s Trading Unit (Rule 46102.B.), and is equal to $41.67 per option contract.  For example, 
an option contract price of 0.35 IMM Index points represents $1458.45 (equal to 35 basis points x 
$41.67 per basis point per option contract). 
The minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.0025 Index points, equal to $10.4175 per contract.  
However, a position may be initiated or liquidated in options at a premium equal to any integer 
multiple of $1.00 ranging from $1.00 to $10.00 per option contract traded via open outcry or CME 
ClearPort (“Cab1” to “Cab10”), or at a premium of $5.00 per option contract traded via CME Globex 
(“Cab5”). 
461A01.D. Trading Hours 
The hours of trading for options on One-Month SOFR futures contracts shall be determined by the 
Exchange. Options shall be opened and closed for all months and strike prices simultaneously or in 
such other manner as determined by the Exchange. 
On its last day of trading, an expiring One-Month SOFR futures option shall cease trading at the 
same time as the close of trading for the corresponding futures contract on that trading day. 
461A01.E. Exercise Prices 
Trading shall be conducted for put and call options with strike prices in multiples of six and one-
quarter basis points (0.0625) per One-Month SOFR futures contract and in multiples of twelve and 
one-half basis points (0.1250) per One-Month SOFR futures contract as follows: 
1.   At the commencement of trading for such option contracts, the following strike prices in 
multiples of six and one-quarter basis points shall be listed: one with a strike price closest to the 
previous day’s settlement price on the underlying One-Month SOFR futures contract and the next 
ten (10) consecutive higher and the next ten (10) consecutive lower strike prices closest to the 
previous day’s settlement price. If a previous day’s settlement price is midway between two strike 
prices, the closest price shall be the larger of the two. Over time, new striking prices will be 
added to ensure that at least ten 6-1/4 basis point striking prices always exist above and below 
the previous day’s settlement price in the underlying futures. 
2.   At the commencement of trading for such option contracts, the following strike prices in 
multiples of twelve and one-half basis points shall be listed: the next five (5) consecutive higher 
and the next five (5) consecutive lower strike prices above and below the strike price band as 
stipulated in Rule 461A01.E.1. Over time, new striking prices will be added to ensure that at least 
five 12-½ basis point striking prices always exist above and below the strike price band as 
stipulated in Rule 461A01.E.1. 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 3 
3. 
 When a new strike price is added for an option contract month, the same strike price will be 
added to all option contract months for which that strike price is not already listed. All new strike 
prices will be added prior to the opening of trading on the following business day. The Exchange 
may modify the procedure for the introduction of strike prices as it deems appropriate in order to 
respond to market conditions. 
The Exchange may modify the provisions governing the establishment of exercise prices as it 
deems appropriate. 
461A01.F. Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. Refer to Rule 559 for 
requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions from the specified 
position limits. 
461A01.G. Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
461A01.H.-I. [Reserved] 
461A01.J. Termination of Trading 
Standard Options Trading in expiring Standard options shall terminate on the same date and at the 
same time as the termination of trading in the corresponding futures (Rule 46102.G.). 
461A01.K. [Reserved] 
461A02.  
EXERCISE AND ASSIGNMENT 
In addition to the applicable procedures and requirements of Chapter 7, the following shall apply to 
the exercise of SOFR options. 
461A02.A. Exercise of Option by Buyer 
An option may be exercised by the buyer on any Business Day that the option is traded. To 
exercise an option, the clearing member representing the buyer shall present an exercise notice to 
the Clearing House by 5:30 p.m. on the day of exercise. 
An option that is in the money and has not been liquidated or exercised prior to the termination of 
trading in such option shall be exercised automatically, in the absence of contrary instructions 
delivered to the Clearing House no later than 5:30 p.m. on the last day of trading by the clearing 
member representing the option buyer. An option is in the money if the settlement price of the 
underlying futures contract at the termination of trading lies above the exercise price in the case of 
a call, or lies below the exercise price in the case of a put. 
461A02.B. Assignment 
Exercise notices accepted by the Clearing House shall be assigned through a process of random 
selection to clearing members with open short positions in the same series. A clearing member to 
which an exercise notice is assigned shall be notified thereof as soon as practicable after such 
notice is assigned by the Clearing House, but not later than 45 minutes before the opening of 
Regular Trading Hours in the underlying futures contract on the following Business Day. 
The clearing member assigned an exercise notice shall be assigned a short position in the 
underlying futures contract if a call is exercised or a long position if a put is exercised.  The clearing 
member representing the option buyer shall be assigned a long position in the underlying futures 
contract if a call is exercised and a short position if a put is exercised.  All such futures positions 
shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise price of the option and shall be marked to market 
in accordance with Rule 814 on the Trading Day of acceptance by the Clearing House of the 
exercise notice. 
461A03.  
[RESERVED] 
 
(End Chapter 461A) 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 3 
 
 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 3 
Chapter 470 
Quarterly IMM SONIA Futures 
47000. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Quarterly IMM SONIA futures (“futures” or “contract”). In 
addition to this chapter, futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the 
Exchange insofar as applicable. 
Unless otherwise specified, times referenced herein shall indicate Chicago time. 
47001.  
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each contract is valued at £2,500 times the contract-grade IMM Index (Rule 47002.C.). 
47002.  
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
  
47002.A. Trading Schedule 
Contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months as may 
be determined by the Exchange. 
47002.B. Trading Unit 
For a contract for a given delivery month, the unit of trading shall be compounded daily Sterling 
Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) interest during the contract Reference Quarter (Rule 
47003.A.1.), expressed as an interest rate per annum for which (i) such interest rate shall accrue 
on the basis of the actual number of days spanned by such contract Reference Quarter, divided by 
a 365-day year, and (ii) each basis point per annum of such interest rate shall be worth £25 per 
futures contract.  SONIA shall be as published by the Bank of England (“BOE”). 
47002.C. Price Basis and Minimum Price Increments 
For a contract for a given delivery month, prices shall be quoted and made in terms of the contract 
IMM Index (“Index”), 100.0000 minus compounded daily SONIA interest during the contract 
Reference Quarter, as specified in Rule 47002.B. 
Example:  Where the value of such compounded daily SONIA is 2.055 percent per annum, it 
shall be quoted as an Index value of 97.9450. 
The minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.0025 Index points, equal to £6.25 per contract. 
47002.D. Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
47002.E. Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
47002.F. [Reserved] 
47002.G. Termination of Trading 
Trading in an expiring contract shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. London time on the third Wednesday of 
the contract delivery month. 
47002.H. [Reserved] 
 
47003.  
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
  
Delivery shall be by cash settlement. 
47003.A. Final Settlement Price 
1.  Definition of Reference Quarter 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 3 
For a contract for a given delivery month, the Reference Quarter shall be the interval that ends on 
(and does not include) the third Wednesday of the contract delivery month, and that begins on (and 
includes) the third Wednesday of the third calendar month preceding the contract delivery month. 
Example:  For a hypothetical contract for which the delivery month is March 2022, the contract 
Reference Quarter shall start on (and shall include) the third Wednesday of December 2021 
(December 15, 2021) and shall end on (and shall not include) the third Wednesday of March 
2022 (March 16, 2022).   
 2.  Definition of Final Settlement Price 
For a contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be 100 minus 
compounded daily SONIA during the contract Reference Quarter (“R”), as follows: 
 
Final Settlement Price   =   100  minus  R 
 
where 
 
R   =   
 [  Πi=1…n {1+(di /365)*(ri /100)}  –  1  ]  x  (365/D)  x  100 
 
n   = 
 
the number of weekdays that are not UK bank holidays (“UK banking days”) during  
such Reference Quarter. 
 
i       
 
is the running variable that indexes each UK banking day in such Reference Quarter, 
 
 
such that i takes the values i = 1,2,…,(n-1),n. 
 
Πi=1…n    
denotes the product of the values indexed by the running variable, i = 1,2,…,n. 
 
ri   = 
the SONIA value corresponding to UK banking day i, expressed as an interest rate 
annum. 
 
Example:  If SONIA for UK banking day i is two and one quarter percent per annum, 
then ri  = 2.25. 
 
di   =  
the number of calendar days to which ri applies.  For any calendar day that is not  
a 
UK banking day (eg, weekend days, UK bank holidays), the applicable value shall be 
SONIA for the first preceding UK banking day. 
 
Examples:  If the ith day is a Monday, a Tuesday, a Wednesday, or a Thursday, and if 
the next following calendar day is a UK banking day, then di = 1.  If the ith day is a 
Friday, and if the next following Monday is a UK banking day, then di = 3. 
 
D =  
the number of calendar days in the Reference Quarter:  D = Σi=1…n di.  
 
3.  Computational Conventions  
The final settlement price for an expiring contract shall be calculated by the Exchange on the day 
on which the BOE publishes the SONIA value for the last day of such contract’s Reference Quarter 
(Rule 47003.A.1.).  Customarily, though not always, such publication will occur on the third 
Wednesday of such contract’s delivery month. 
The SONIA value for the last day of such expiring contract’s Reference Quarter shall be as first 
published by the BOE. 
The value of R determined pursuant to Rule 47003.A.2. shall be rounded to the nearest 1/10,000th 
of one percent per annum, ie, the nearest 1/100th of one interest rate basis point per annum, or 
0.0001 Index points.  A tie value, ie, any such value ending in 0.00005, shall be rounded up. 
Example:  A value of 3.14155 percent per annum would be rounded up to 3.1416 percent per 
annum, and then subtracted from 100.000 to determine a contract final settlement price of 
96.8584  
Index points. 
47003.B. Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in a contract at the time of termination of trading in such 
contract shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in accordance with 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 3 
normal variation performance bond procedures based on a settlement price equal to the final 
settlement price. 
(End Chapter 470) 
 
 
INTERPRETATIONS AND SPECIAL NOTICES RELATING TO CHAPTER 470 
 
SONIA is copyright of the Bank of England.  The trade marks "Bank of England" and "SONIA" are 
registered trade marks of the Bank of England.  All Rights Reserved.  The SONIA benchmark 
Includes the proprietary Information of the Bank of England, and the data comprising the 
benchmark may not be copied or distributed except as specifically authorised.  The SONIA 
benchmark is not intended to be relied upon as authoritative or taken in substitution for the exercise 
of judgement.  The SONIA benchmark is not, and should not be construed as, an offer, bid or 
solicitation in relation to any financial instrument.  The Bank of England does not guarantee, and 
expressly disclaims any liability for, and makes no representations or warranties, whether express 
or implied, as to the currency, accuracy, timeliness, completeness or fitness for any particular 
purpose of the SONIA benchmark.  The Bank of England accepts no liability whatsoever for any 
loss (including, but not limited to any direct, indirect or consequential loss, whether or not such loss 
is foreseeable and whether or not the Bank of England has been apprised of the use to which the 
SONIA benchmark will be put) howsoever arising from the use, the timeliness of delivery or the 
failure of delivery of the SONIA benchmark. 
 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 3 
Chapter 471 
MPC SONIA Futures 
 
47100.  
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to MPC SONIA futures (“futures” or “contract”). In addition to 
this chapter, futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange insofar 
as applicable. 
Unless otherwise specified, times referenced herein shall indicate Chicago time. 
47101.  
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each contract is valued at £2,500 times the contract-grade IMM Index (Rule 47102.C.). 
47102.  
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
47102.A. Trading Schedule 
Contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months as may 
be determined by the Exchange. 
47102.B. Trading Unit 
For a contract for a given delivery month, the unit of trading shall be compounded daily Sterling 
Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) interest during the contract Reference Interval (Rule 
47103.A.1.), expressed as an interest rate per annum for which (i) such interest rate shall accrue 
on the basis of the actual number of days spanned by such contract Reference Interval, divided by 
a 365-day year, and (ii) each basis point per annum of such interest rate shall be worth £25 per 
futures contract.  SONIA shall be as published by the Bank of England (“BOE”). 
47102.C. Price Basis and Minimum Price Increments 
For a contract for a given delivery month, prices shall be quoted and made in terms of the contract 
IMM Index (“Index”), 100.0000 minus compounded daily SONIA interest during the contract 
Reference Interval, as specified in Rule 47102.B. 
Example:  Where the value of such compounded daily SONIA is 2.055 percent per annum, it 
shall be quoted as an Index value of 97.9450. 
The minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.0025 Index points, equal to £6.25 per contract. 
47102.D. Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
47102.E. Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table in the Interpretations 
& Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
47102.F. [Reserved] 
47102.G. Termination of Trading 
Trading in an expiring contract shall terminate at 9:00 a.m. London time on the scheduled BOE 
Monetary Policy Committee (“MPC”) announcement date by reference to which the end of such 
expiring contract’s Reference Interval is defined (Rule 47103.A.1.).  If such scheduled MPC 
announcement date is a UK bank holiday, then trading in such expiring contract shall terminate at 
9:00 a.m. London time on the next following weekday that is not a UK bank holiday (“UK banking 
day”). 
47102.H. [Reserved] 
47103.  
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 3 
  
Delivery shall be by cash settlement. 
47103.A. Final Settlement Price 
1.  Definition of Reference Interval 
For a given contract, the Reference Interval shall be the interval that ends on (and does not 
include) the MPC announcement date by reference to which the Exchange defines the end of such 
expiring contract’s Reference Interval, and that begins on (and includes) the first preceding 
scheduled MPC announcement date. 
Example:  For a hypothetical contract for which the delivery month is May 2018, the Exchange 
defines the contract Reference Interval so as to end on (and not to include) the MPC 
announcement date scheduled to occur on Thursday, May 10, 2018, and to start on (and to 
include) the first preceding MPC announcement date, which is scheduled to occur on 
Thursday, March 22, 2018.  
For a given contract, the corresponding Reference Interval shall be determined solely by the 
Exchange on the basis of such scheduled MPC announcement dates as the BOE has published 
prior to the date on which such contract is listed for trading by the Exchange.  The Reference 
Interval dates for such contract, so determined, shall remain fixed after such contract has been 
listed for trading by the Exchange, irrespective of such revisions to the schedule of MPC 
announcement dates as the BOE may publish subsequently. 
 2.  Definition of Final Settlement Price 
For a contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be 100 minus 
compounded daily SONIA during the contract Reference Interval (“R”), as follows: 
 
Final Settlement Price   =   100  minus  R 
 
where 
 
R   =   
 [  Πi=1…n {1+(di /365)*(ri /100)}  –  1  ]  x  (365/D)  x  100 
 
n   = 
 
the number of UK banking days during such Reference Interval. 
 
i       
 
is the running variable that indexes each UK banking day in such Reference Interval, 
 
 
such that i takes the values i = 1,2,…,(n-1),n. 
 
Πi=1…n    
denotes the product of the values indexed by the running variable, i = 1,2,…,n. 
 
ri   = 
the SONIA value corresponding to UK banking day i, expressed as an interest rate 
per annum. 
 
Example:  If SONIA for UK banking day i is two and one quarter percent per annum, 
then ri  = 2.25. 
 
di   =  
the number of calendar days to which ri applies.  For any calendar day that is not  
a 
UK banking day (eg, weekend days, UK bank holidays), the applicable value shall be 
SONIA for the first preceding UK banking day. 
 
Examples:  If the ith day is a Monday, a Tuesday, a Wednesday, or a Thursday, and if 
the next following calendar day is a UK banking day, then di = 1.  If the ith day is a 
Friday, and if the next following Monday is a UK banking day, then di = 3. 
 
D =  
the number of calendar days in the Reference Interval:  D = Σi=1…n di. 
 
3.  Computational Conventions  
The final settlement price for an expiring contract shall be calculated by the Exchange on the day 
on which the BOE publishes the SONIA value for the last day of such contract’s Reference Interval 
(Rule 47103.A.1.).  Customarily, though not always, such publication will occur on the scheduled 
MPC announcement date by reference to which the end of such expiring contract’s Reference 
Interval is defined. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 3 
The SONIA value for the last day of such expiring contract’s Reference Interval shall be as first 
published by the BOE. 
The value of R determined pursuant to Rule 47103.A.2. shall be rounded to the nearest 1/10,000th 
of one percent per annum, ie, the nearest 1/100th of one interest rate basis point per annum, or 
0.0001 Index points.  A tie value, ie, any such value ending in 0.00005, shall be rounded up. 
Example:  A value of 3.14155 percent per annum would be rounded up to 3.1416 percent per 
annum, and then subtracted from 100.000 to determine a contract final settlement price of 
96.8584  
Index points. 
47103.B. Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in a contract at the time of termination of trading in such 
contract shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in accordance with 
normal variation performance bond procedures based on a settlement price equal to the final 
settlement price. 
 
 
(End Chapter 471) 
 
 
 
INTERPRETATIONS AND SPECIAL NOTICES RELATING TO CHAPTER 471 
 
SONIA is copyright of the Bank of England.  The trade marks "Bank of England" and "SONIA" are 
registered trade marks of the Bank of England.  All Rights Reserved.  The SONIA benchmark 
Includes the proprietary Information of the Bank of England, and the data comprising the 
benchmark may not be copied or distributed except as specifically authorised.  The SONIA 
benchmark is not intended to be relied upon as authoritative or taken in substitution for the exercise 
of judgement.  The SONIA benchmark is not, and should not be construed as, an offer, bid or 
solicitation in relation to any financial instrument.  The Bank of England does not guarantee, and 
expressly disclaims any liability for, and makes no representations or warranties, whether express 
or implied, as to the currency, accuracy, timeliness, completeness or fitness for any particular 
purpose of the SONIA benchmark.  The Bank of England accepts no liability whatsoever for any 
loss (including, but not limited to any direct, indirect or consequential loss, whether or not such loss 
is foreseeable and whether or not the Bank of England has been apprised of the use to which the 
SONIA benchmark will be put) howsoever arising from the use, the timeliness of delivery or the 
failure of delivery of the SONIA benchmark. 
 
 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 3 
CME Rulebook 
Chapter 475 
Mexican Funding TIIE (Monthly Contracts) Futures 
 
47500.  
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Mexican Funding TIIE (Monthly Contracts) Futures (“futures” 
or “contract”). In addition to this chapter, futures shall be subject to the general rules and 
regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
 
Unless otherwise specified, times referenced herein shall indicate Chicago time. 
 
47501.  
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each contract is valued at 20,000 times the contract-grade IMM Index (Rule 47002.C.). 
 
47502.  
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
  
47502.A. Trading Schedule 
Contracts shall be scheduled for trading during such hours and for delivery in such months as may 
be determined by the Exchange. 
 
47502.B. Trading Unit 
For a contract for a given delivery month, the unit of trading shall be compounded daily Overnight 
Funding TIIE Rate (F-TIIE) interest during the contract Reference Month (Rule 47503.A.1.), 
expressed as an interest rate per annum for which (i) such interest rate shall accrue on the basis of 
the actual number of days spanned by such contract Reference Month, divided by a 360-day year, 
and (ii) each basis point per annum of such interest rate shall be worth 200 Mexican Pesos per 
futures contract.  The F-TIIE shall be published by the Banco de Mexico. 
 
47502.C. Price Basis and Minimum Price Increments 
For a contract for a given delivery month, prices shall be quoted and made in terms of the contract 
IMM Index (“Index”), 100.0000 minus compounded daily F-TIIE interest rate during the contract 
Reference Month, as specified in Rule 47502.B. 
 
Example:  Where the value of such compounded daily F-TIIE is 4.06 percent per annum, it 
shall be quoted as an Index value of 95.94. 
The minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.01 Index points, equal to 200 Mexican Pesos per contract. 
 
47502.D. Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
 
47502.E. Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits 
Table in the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
 
47502.F. [Reserved] 
 
47502.G. Termination of Trading 
Trading in an expiring contract shall terminate at 5:00 p.m. Mexico City time on the last Mexican 
Business day of the month.  
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 3 
47502.H. [Reserved] 
 
47503.  
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement in Mexican Pesos. 
47503.A. Final Settlement Price 
1.  Definition of Reference Month 
For a contract for a given delivery month, the Reference Month shall be the interval that begins on 
the first day of each month and ends on the last day of the same month. 
Example:  For a hypothetical contract for which the delivery month is June 2021, the Contract 
Reference Period shall start on Tuesday, June 1, 2021. The Contract Reference Period shall 
end on Wednesday June 30, 2021. 
 2.  Definition of Final Settlement Price 
For a contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be 100 minus 
compounded daily F-TIIE rate during the contract Reference Period (“R”), as follows: 
 
 
 
3
.
  
C
o
m
p
u
t
ational Conventions  
The final settlement price for an expiring contract shall be calculated and published by the 
Exchange on the day on which the Bank of Mexico publishes the F-TIIE value for the last day of 
such contract’s Reference Period at 5:00 p.m. Mexico City time (Rule 47503.A.1.).   
The F-TIIE value for the last day of such expiring contract’s Reference Month shall be as first 
published by the Bank of Mexico. 
The value of R determined pursuant to Rule 47503.A.2. shall be rounded to the nearest 1/10,000th 
of one percent per annum, ie, the nearest 1/100th of one interest rate basis point per annum, or 
0.0001 Index points.  A tie value, ie, any such value ending in ending in 0.00005, shall be rounded 
up. 
 
Example:  A value of 4.14155 percent per annum would be rounded up to 4.1416 percent per 
 
annum, and then subtracted from 100.000 to determine a contract final settlement price of 
95.8584 Index points. 
47503.B. Final Settlement 
Clearing members holding open positions in a contract at the time of termination of trading in such 
contract shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in accordance with 
normal variation performance bond procedures based on a settlement price equal to the final 
settlement price. 
 
47504.-35. [RESERVED] 
 
DISCLAIMER 
F-TIIE is copyright the Bank of Mexico.  The trademarks "Bank of Mexico" and "F-TIIE" are 
registered trademarks of the Bank of Mexico.  All Rights Reserved.  The F-TIIE benchmark 
Includes the proprietary Information of the Bank of Mexico, and the data comprising the benchmark 
may not be copied or distributed except as specifically authorized.  The F-TIIE benchmark is not 
intended to be relied upon as authoritative or taken in substitution for the exercise of judgement.  
The F-TIIE benchmark is not, and should not be construed as, an offer, bid or solicitation in relation 
Final Settlement Price = 100 – R 
 
R 
([ΠiD {1+( 1 / 360)*(ri / 100)} ] –1 ) x (360/D) x 100 
i 
Running variable indexing calendar days during the monthly reference 
period 
Πi 
Capital pi (Π) indicates the terms of the series should be compounded. It is 
the product of values indexed by the running variable, i= 1,2,…,n. 
ri 
F-TIIE value for ith day 
di  
Number of calendar days to which ri applies 
D 
Σidi  (ie, number of calendar days in monthly reference period) 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 3 
to any financial instrument.  The Bank of Mexico does not guarantee, and expressly disclaims any 
liability for, and makes no representations or warranties, whether express or implied, as to the 
currency, accuracy, timeliness, completeness or fitness for any particular purpose of the F-TIIE 
benchmark.  The Bank of Mexico accepts no liability whatsoever for any loss (including, but not 
limited to any direct, indirect or consequential loss, whether or not such loss is foreseeable and 
whether or not the Bank of Mexico has been apprised of the use to which the F-TIIE benchmark will 
be put) howsoever arising from the use, the timeliness of delivery or the failure of delivery of the F-
TIIE benchmark. 
 
 
(End Chapter 475) 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 3 
Chapter 480 
Euro Short-Term Rate (€STR) Futures  
48000. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Euro Short-Term Rate (€STR) Futures (“futures” or 
“contract”).  In addition to this chapter, the futures shall be subject to the general rules and 
regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate London time.  
48001. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each contract is valued at €2,500 times the contract-grade IMM Index (Rule 48002.C.). 
48002. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
48002.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
48002.B. 
Trading Unit 
For a contract for a given delivery month, the unit of trading shall be compounded daily Euro Short-
Term Rate (“€STR”) interest during such contract’s reference period subject to Rule 48003., 
expressed as an interest rate per annum for which (i) such interest rate shall be on the basis of the 
actual number of days in such delivery reference period, divided by a 360-day year, and (ii) each 
basis point per annum of such interest rate shall be worth €25 per futures contract. €STR shall be 
as published by the European Central Bank (“ECB”).  
48002.C. 
Price Increments 
Contract prices shall be quoted in terms of the IMM Index, 100.0000 minus interest rate per annum 
correspondent to €STR during the contract delivery month, as specified in Rule 48002.B.  
 
Example: If €STR is 2.0275 percent per annum, it shall be quoted as an IMM Index value of 
97.9725.  
The minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.005 Index points, equal to €12.50 per contract, provided 
that the minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.0025 Index points, equal to €6.25 per contract, for any 
contract month with four months or less until its termination of trading, where the applicable four-
month interval shall be defined so as to begin on the Business Day following the Friday prior to the 
third Wednesday of the fourth month preceding the contract month in which trading in such contract 
terminates, provided that the minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.00125 Index points, equal to 
€3.125 per contract, for any contract month with one month or less until its termination of trading, 
where the applicable one month interval shall be defined so as to begin on the Business Day 
following the Friday prior to the third Wednesday of the first month preceding the contract month in 
which trading in such contract terminates.  
48002.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
48002.E. 
[Reserved] 
48002.F. 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits 
Table in the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 3 
48002.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Trading in an expiring contract shall terminate at the close of trading on the TARGET2 business 
day immediately preceding the third Wednesday three months forward from the expiring contract 
month.  
 
48002.H. 
[Reserved] 
48003. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement. 
48003.A. 
Final Settlement Price  
1.  Definition of Reference Quarter 
For a contract for a given delivery month, the Reference Quarter shall be the interval that ends on 
(and does not include) the third Wednesday of the contract delivery month, and that begins on (and 
includes) the third Wednesday of the third calendar month preceding the contract delivery month. 
 
Example:  For a hypothetical contract for which the delivery month is March 2022, the contract 
Reference Quarter shall start on (and shall include) the third Wednesday of December 2021 
(December 15, 2021) and shall end on (and shall not include) the third Wednesday of March 2022 
(March 16, 2022).   
  
2.  Definition of Final Settlement Price 
For a contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be 100 minus 
compounded daily €STR during the contract Reference Quarter, as follows: 
 
Final Settlement Price   =   100   -   R 
 
where 
 
R   =    
[  Πi=1…n {1+(di /360)*(ri /100)}  –  1  ]  x  (360/D)  x  100 
 
n   = 
the number of TARGET2 market business days (“cash business days”) 
during such Reference Quarter. 
 
i   =    
is the running variable that indexes each cash business day in such Reference 
Quarter, 
such that i takes the values i = 1,2,…,(n-1),n. 
 
Πi=1…n    
denotes the product of the values indexed by the running variable, i = 1,2,…,n. 
 
ri  
the €STR value corresponding to cash business day i, expressed as an interest rate per 
annum. 
 
Example:  If €STR for the ith cash business day is two and one quarter percent, then 
ri = 2.25.   
 
di   =  
the number of calendar days to which ri applies.  For any calendar day that is not a 
cash business day (eg, weekend days, TARGET2 market holidays), the applicable value shall be 
€STR for the immediately preceding cash business day. 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 3 
Examples:  If the ith day is a Monday, a Tuesday, a Wednesday, or a Thursday, and if the next 
following calendar day is a cash business day, then di = 1.  If the ith day is a Friday, and if the next 
following Monday is a cash business day, then di = 3. 
 
D = the number of calendar days in the Reference Quarter:  D = Σi=1…n di. 
 
 
3. Computational Conventions  
The value of R determined pursuant to Rule 48003.A.2. shall be rounded to the nearest 1/10,000th 
of one percent per annum, i.e, the nearest 1/100th of one interest rate basis point per annum, or 
0.0001 Index points. A tie value, i.e, any such value ending in ending in 0.00005, shall be rounded 
away from zero.  
Example: A value of 3.14155 percent per annum would be rounded away from zero to 3.1416 
percent per annum, and then subtracted from 100.000 to determine a contract final settlement 
price of 96.8584 Index points. 
48003.B. 
Final Settlement  
Clearing members holding open positions in a contract at the time of termination of trading in that 
contract shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in accordance with 
normal variation performance bond procedures based on a settlement price equal to the final 
settlement price. 
 
48004. [RESERVED] 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 481 
Euro Short-Term Rate (€STR) – Three-Month Single Contract Basis Spread 
Futures 
 
48100.        SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Euro Short-Term Rate (€STR) – Three-Month Single 
Contract Basis Spread Futures (“Spread Futures,” “futures” or “contract”).  In addition to this 
chapter, the futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange insofar as 
applicable. 
 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate London time.  
 
48101.       CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each contract is valued at €2,500 times the contract-grade IMM Index (Rule 48102.C.). 
 
48102.       TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
48102.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
48102.B. 
Trading Unit 
For a contract for a given delivery month, prices shall be quoted as the value of the spread 
between the expected 3-month Euribor benchmark rate and the expected compounded overnight 
€STR benchmark rate over the same interest period, expressed as an interest rate per annum such 
that each basis point per annum of interest shall be worth €25 per futures contract. 
48102.C. 
Price Increments 
Daily Contract prices shall be quoted as the value of the expected spread as specified in Rule 
48102.B.  
Example: If the value of the spread between the expected annualized rate of the 3-Month 
Euribor and the expected annualized rate of the compounded overnight €STR benchmark rate 
over the same interest period is 0.4500, the daily price shall be quoted as 0.4500.   
The minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.0025, equal to €6.25 per contract.  
48102.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
48102.E. 
[Reserved] 
48102.F. 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits 
Table in the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
48102.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Trading in an expiring contract shall terminate upon the dissemination of the 3-month Euribor at 
11:00 a.m. Central European Time two TARGET2 business days immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the expiring contract month 
48102.H. 
[Reserved] 
48103. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 2 
Delivery shall be exercised into a financial futures contract.  
48103.A. 
Final Settlement Price  
Final settlement price, occurring two TARGET2 business days prior to the third Wednesday of the 
expiring contract month (IMM Wednesday), shall be equal to the daily settlement price on three 
TARGET2 business days prior to IMM Wednesday.  
Assignment price into €STR contract (ESR) of same contract named month shall be at 100 minus 
the 3-Month Euribor, on the final settlement date, plus the final settlement price. 
Example: If 3-Month Euribor on the Monday two days before IMM Wednesday is 0.7600 
percent per annum and the spread settlement on the same day is 0.4500, assignment 
price will be at the IMM Index value of 99.6900 (100-0.7600+0.4500). 
48103.B. 
Final Settlement  
Clearing members holding open positions in a contract at the time of termination of trading in that 
contract shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in accordance with 
normal variation performance bond procedures based on a settlement price equal to the final 
settlement price. 
48104. 
[RESERVED] 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 3 
Chapter 482 
RepoFunds Rate (Germany) Futures  
48200. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to RepoFunds Rate (Germany) Futures (“futures” or 
“contract”).  In addition to this chapter, the futures shall be subject to the general rules and 
regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate London time.  
48201. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each contract is valued at €2,500 times the contract-grade IMM Index (Rule 48202.C.). 
48202. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
48202.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
48202.B. 
Trading Unit 
For a contract for a given delivery month, the unit of trading shall be compounded daily RepoFunds 
Rate Germany (“RFR Germany”) interest during such contract’s reference period subject to Rule 
48203., expressed as an interest rate per annum for which (i) such interest rate shall be on the 
basis of the actual number of days in such delivery reference period, divided by a 360-day year, 
and (ii) each basis point per annum of such interest rate shall be worth €25 per futures contract. 
RFR Germany shall be as published by CME Benchmark Administration (“CBA”).  
48202.C. 
Price Increments 
Contract prices shall be quoted in terms of the IMM Index, 100.0000 minus interest rate per annum 
correspondent to RFR Germany during the contract delivery month, as specified in Rule 48202.B.  
Example: If RFR Germany is 2.0275 percent per annum, it shall be quoted as an IMM 
Index value of 97.9725.  
The minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.005 Index points, equal to €12.50 per contract, provided 
that the minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.0025 Index points, equal to €6.25 per contract, for any 
contract month with four months or less until its termination of trading, where the applicable four-
month interval shall be defined so as to begin on the Business Day following the Friday prior to the 
third Wednesday of the fourth month preceding the contract month in which trading in such contract 
terminates, provided that the minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.00125 Index points, equal to 
€3.125 per contract, for any contract month with one month or less until its termination of trading, 
where the applicable one month interval shall be defined so as to begin on the Business Day 
following the Friday prior to the third Wednesday of the first month preceding the contract month in 
which trading in such contract terminates.  
48202.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
48202.E. 
[Reserved] 
48202.F. 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits 
Table in the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 3 
48202.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Trading in an expiring contract shall terminate at the close of trading on the TARGET2 business 
day immediately preceding the third Wednesday three months forward from the expiring contract 
month.  
 
48202.H. 
[Reserved] 
48203. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement. 
48203.A. 
Final Settlement Price  
1.  Definition of Reference Quarter 
For a contract for a given delivery month, the Reference Quarter shall be the interval that ends on 
(and does not include) the third Wednesday of the contract delivery month, and that begins on (and 
includes) the third Wednesday of the third calendar month preceding the contract delivery month. 
 
Example:  For a hypothetical contract for which the delivery month is March 2022, the contract 
Reference Quarter shall start on (and shall include) the third Wednesday of December 2021 
(December 15, 2021) and shall end on (and shall not include) the third Wednesday of March 2022 
(March 16, 2022).   
  
2.  Definition of Final Settlement Price 
For a contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be 100 minus 
compounded daily RFR Germany during the contract Reference Quarter, as follows: 
 
Final Settlement Price   =   100   -   R 
 
where 
 
R   =    
[  Πi=1…n {1+(di /360)*(ri /100)}  –  1  ]  x  (360/D)  x  100 
 
n   = 
the number of TARGET2 market business days (“cash business days”) 
during such Reference Quarter. 
 
i   =    
is the running variable that indexes each cash business day in such Reference 
Quarter, 
such that i takes the values i = 1,2,…,(n-1),n. 
 
Πi=1…n    
denotes the product of the values indexed by the running variable, i = 1,2,…,n. 
 
ri  
the RFR Germany value corresponding to cash business day i, expressed as an interest rate 
per 
annum. 
 
Example:  If RFR Germany for the ith cash business day is two and one quarter percent, then 
ri = 2.25.   
 
di   =  
the number of calendar days to which ri applies.  For any calendar day that is not a 
cash business day (eg, weekend days, TARGET2 market holidays), the applicable value shall be 
RFR Germany for the immediately preceding cash business day. 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 3 
Examples:  If the ith day is a Monday, a Tuesday, a Wednesday, or a Thursday, and if the next 
following calendar day is a cash business day, then di = 1.  If the ith day is a Friday, and if the next 
following Monday is a cash business day, then di = 3. 
 
D = the number of calendar days in the Reference Quarter:  D = Σi=1…n di. 
 
3. Computational Conventions  
The value of R determined pursuant to Rule 48203.A.2. shall be rounded to the nearest 1/10,000th 
of one percent per annum, i.e, the nearest 1/100th of one interest rate basis point per annum, or 
0.0001 Index points. A tie value, i.e, any such value ending in ending in 0.00005, shall be rounded 
away from zero.  
Example: A value of 3.14155 percent per annum would be rounded away from zero to 3.1416 
percent per annum, and then subtracted from 100.000 to determine a contract final settlement 
price of 96.8584 Index points. 
48203.B. 
Final Settlement  
Clearing members holding open positions in a contract at the time of termination of trading in that 
contract shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in accordance with 
normal variation performance bond procedures based on a settlement price equal to the final 
settlement price. 
 
48204. [RESERVED] 
 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 483 
RepoFunds Rate (Germany) – Three-Month Single Contract Basis Spread Futures 
 
48300.        SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to RepoFunds Rate (Germany) – Three-Month Single Contract 
Basis Spread Futures (“Spread Futures,” “futures” or “contract”).  In addition to this chapter, the 
futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate London time.  
 
48301.       CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each contract is valued at €2,500 times the contract-grade IMM Index (Rule 48302.C.). 
 
48302.       TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
48302.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
48302.B. 
Trading Unit 
For a contract for a given delivery month, prices shall be quoted as the value of the spread 
between the expected 3-month Euribor benchmark rate and the expected compounded overnight 
RepoFunds Rate Germany (“RFR Germany”) benchmark rate over the same interest period, 
expressed as an interest rate per annum such that each basis point per annum of interest shall be 
worth €25 per futures contract. 
48302.C. 
Price Increments 
Daily Contract prices shall be quoted as the value of the expected spread as specified in Rule 
48302.B.  
Example: If the value of the spread between the expected annualized rate of the 3-Month 
Euribor and the expected annualized rate of the compounded overnight RFR Germany 
benchmark rate over the same interest period is 0.4500, the daily price shall be quoted as 
0.4500.   
The minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.0025, equal to €6.25 per contract.  
48302.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
48302.E. 
[Reserved] 
48302.F. 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits 
Table in the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
48302.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Trading in an expiring contract shall terminate upon the dissemination of the 3-month Euribor at 
11:00 a.m. Central European Time two TARGET2 business days immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the expiring contract month 
48302.H. 
[Reserved] 
48303. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 2 
Delivery shall be exercised into a financial futures contract.  
48303.A. 
Final Settlement Price  
Final settlement price, occurring two TARGET2 business days prior to the third Wednesday of the 
expiring contract month (IMM Wednesday), shall be equal to the daily settlement price on three 
TARGET2 business days prior to IMM Wednesday.  
Assignment price into RFR Germany contract (RFD) of same contract named month shall be at 100 
minus the 3-Month Euribor, on the final settlement date, plus the final settlement price. 
Example: If 3-Month Euribor on the Monday two days before IMM Wednesday is 0.7600 
percent per annum and the spread settlement on the same day is 0.4500, assignment 
price will be at the IMM Index value of 99.6900 (100-0.7600+0.4500). 
48303.B. 
Final Settlement  
Clearing members holding open positions in a contract at the time of termination of trading in that 
contract shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in accordance with 
normal variation performance bond procedures based on a settlement price equal to the final 
settlement price. 
48304. 
[RESERVED] 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 3 
Chapter 484 
RepoFunds Rate (Italy) Futures  
48400. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to RepoFunds Rate (Italy) Futures (“futures” or “contract”).  In 
addition to this chapter, the futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the 
Exchange insofar as applicable. 
 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate London time.  
48401. 
CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each contract is valued at €2,500 times the contract-grade IMM Index (Rule 48402.C.). 
48402. 
TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
48402.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
48402.B. 
Trading Unit 
For a contract for a given delivery month, the unit of trading shall be compounded daily RepoFunds 
Rate Italy (“RFR Italy”) interest during such contract’s reference period subject to Rule 48403., 
expressed as an interest rate per annum for which (i) such interest rate shall be on the basis of the 
actual number of days in such delivery reference period, divided by a 360-day year, and (ii) each 
basis point per annum of such interest rate shall be worth €25 per futures contract. RFR Italy shall 
be as published by CME Benchmark Administration (“CBA”).  
48402.C. 
Price Increments 
Contract prices shall be quoted in terms of the IMM Index, 100.0000 minus interest rate per annum 
correspondent to RFR Italy during the contract delivery month, as specified in Rule 48402.B.  
Example: If RFR Italy is 2.0275 percent per annum, it shall be quoted as an IMM Index 
value of 97.9725.  
The minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.005 Index points, equal to €12.50 per contract, provided 
that the minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.0025 Index points, equal to €6.25 per contract, for any 
contract month with four months or less until its termination of trading, where the applicable four-
month interval shall be defined so as to begin on the Business Day following the Friday prior to the 
third Wednesday of the fourth month preceding the contract month in which trading in such contract 
terminates, provided that the minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.00125 Index points, equal to 
€3.125 per contract, for any contract month with one month or less until its termination of trading, 
where the applicable one month interval shall be defined so as to begin on the Business Day 
following the Friday prior to the third Wednesday of the first month preceding the contract month in 
which trading in such contract terminates.  
48402.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
48402.E. 
[Reserved] 
48402.F. 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits 
Table in the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 3 
48402.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Trading in an expiring contract shall terminate at the close of trading on the TARGET2 business 
day immediately preceding the third Wednesday three months forward from the expiring contract 
month.  
 
48402.H. 
[Reserved] 
48403. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery shall be by cash settlement. 
48403.A. 
Final Settlement Price  
1.  Definition of Reference Quarter 
For a contract for a given delivery month, the Reference Quarter shall be the interval that ends on 
(and does not include) the third Wednesday of the contract delivery month, and that begins on (and 
includes) the third Wednesday of the third calendar month preceding the contract delivery month. 
 
Example:  For a hypothetical contract for which the delivery month is March 2022, the contract 
Reference Quarter shall start on (and shall include) the third Wednesday of December 2021 
(December 15, 2021) and shall end on (and shall not include) the third Wednesday of March 2022 
(March 16, 2022).   
  
2.  Definition of Final Settlement Price 
For a contract for a given delivery month, the Final Settlement Price shall be 100 minus 
compounded daily RFR Italy during the contract Reference Quarter, as follows: 
 
Final Settlement Price   =   100   -   R 
 
where 
 
R   =    
[  Πi=1…n {1+(di /360)*(ri /100)}  –  1  ]  x  (360/D)  x  100 
 
n   = 
the number of TARGET2 market business days (“cash business days”) 
during such Reference Quarter. 
 
i   =    
is the running variable that indexes each cash business day in such Reference 
Quarter, 
such that i takes the values i = 1,2,…,(n-1),n. 
 
Πi=1…n    
denotes the product of the values indexed by the running variable, i = 1,2,…,n. 
 
ri  
the RFR Italy value corresponding to cash business day i, expressed as an interest rate per 
annum. 
 
Example:  If RFR Italy for the ith cash business day is two and one quarter percent, then 
ri = 2.25.   
 
di   =  
the number of calendar days to which ri applies.  For any calendar day that is not a 
cash business day (eg, weekend days, TARGET2 market holidays), the applicable value shall be 
RFR Italy for the immediately preceding cash business day. 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 3 
Examples:  If the ith day is a Monday, a Tuesday, a Wednesday, or a Thursday, and if the next 
following calendar day is a cash business day, then di = 1.  If the ith day is a Friday, and if the next 
following Monday is a cash business day, then di = 3. 
 
D = the number of calendar days in the Reference Quarter:  D = Σi=1…n di. 
 
 
3. Computational Conventions  
The value of R determined pursuant to Rule 48403.A.2. shall be rounded to the nearest 1/10,000th 
of one percent per annum, i.e, the nearest 1/100th of one interest rate basis point per annum, or 
0.0001 Index points. A tie value, i.e, any such value ending in ending in 0.00005, shall be rounded 
away from zero.  
Example: A value of 3.14155 percent per annum would be rounded away from zero to 3.1416 
percent per annum, and then subtracted from 100.000 to determine a contract final settlement 
price of 96.8584 Index points. 
48403.B. 
Final Settlement  
Clearing members holding open positions in a contract at the time of termination of trading in that 
contract shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in accordance with 
normal variation performance bond procedures based on a settlement price equal to the final 
settlement price. 
 
48404. [RESERVED] 
 
 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 2 
Chapter 485 
RepoFunds Rate (Italy) – Three-Month Single Contract Basis Spread Futures 
 
48500.        SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to RepoFunds Rate (Italy) – Three-Month Single Contract 
Basis Spread Futures (“Spread Futures,” “futures” or “contract”).  In addition to this chapter, the 
futures shall be subject to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange insofar as applicable. 
 
For purposes of this chapter, unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and 
indicate London time.  
 
48501.       CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS 
Each contract is valued at €2,500 times the contract-grade IMM Index (Rule 48502.C.). 
 
48502.       TRADING SPECIFICATIONS 
48502.A. 
Trading Schedule 
Futures contracts shall be scheduled for trading and delivery during such hours and in such months 
as may be determined by the Exchange. 
48502.B. 
Trading Unit 
For a contract for a given delivery month, prices shall be quoted as the value of the spread 
between the expected 3-month Euribor benchmark rate and the expected compounded overnight 
RepoFunds Rate Italy (“RFR Italy”) benchmark rate over the same interest period, expressed as an 
interest rate per annum such that each basis point per annum of interest shall be worth €25 per 
futures contract. 
48502.C. 
Price Increments 
Daily Contract prices shall be quoted as the value of the expected spread as specified in Rule 
48502.B.  
Example: If the value of the spread between the expected annualized rate of the 3-Month 
Euribor and the expected annualized rate of the compounded overnight RFR Italy benchmark 
rate over the same interest period is 0.4500, the daily price shall be quoted as 0.4500.   
The minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.0025, equal to €6.25 per contract.  
48502.D. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels 
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are 
set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the 
Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
A person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply 
to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market 
Regulation Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable 
exemptions from the specified position limits. 
48502.E. 
[Reserved] 
48502.F. 
Special Price Fluctuation Limits 
At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation 
limits as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits 
Table in the Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5. 
48502.G. 
Termination of Trading 
Trading in an expiring contract shall terminate upon the dissemination of the 3-month Euribor at 
11:00 a.m. Central European Time two TARGET2 business days immediately preceding the third 
Wednesday of the expiring contract month 
48502.H. 
[Reserved] 
48503. 
SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES 
Delivery shall be exercised into a financial futures contract.  


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 2 
48503.A. 
Final Settlement Price  
Final settlement price, occurring two TARGET2 business days prior to the third Wednesday of the 
expiring contract month (IMM Wednesday), shall be equal to the daily settlement price on three 
TARGET2 business days prior to IMM Wednesday.  
Assignment price into RFR Italy contract (RFI) of same contract named month shall be at 100 
minus the 3-Month Euribor, on the final settlement date, plus the final settlement price. 
Example: If 3-Month Euribor on the Monday two days before IMM Wednesday is 0.7600 
percent per annum and the spread settlement on the same day is 0.4500, assignment 
price will be at the IMM Index value of 99.6900 (100-0.7600+0.4500). 
48503.B. 
Final Settlement  
Clearing members holding open positions in a contract at the time of termination of trading in that 
contract shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in accordance with 
normal variation performance bond procedures based on a settlement price equal to the final 
settlement price. 
48504. 
[RESERVED] 
 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 1 of 3 
 
Chapter 600 
Cleared OTC Non-Deliverable Forward FX Products 
 
60001. SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
The scope of this Chapter is limited in application to FX Products.  Procedures for trading FX Products and 
for clearing and settling FX Contracts and any other matters not specifically covered herein shall be governed 
by the other Chapters of these Rules, including Chapter 8-F (Over-the-Counter Derivative Clearing) to the 
extent applicable. 
Capitalized terms in this Chapter that are not otherwise defined in this Chapter shall have the meanings given 
to such terms in the other Chapters of the Rules.   
Capitalized terms in this Chapter that are not otherwise defined in either this Chapter or the other Chapters of 
the Rules shall have the meanings set forth in the FX Definitions. For the purposes of any FX Contract, 
references in the FX Definitions to: 
a "Confirmation" shall be deemed to refer and apply to the terms of such FX Contract; and 
a "Trade Date" shall be deemed to refer to the Acceptance Date of such FX Contract. 
60002. DEFINITIONS 
 
Acceptance Conditions 
With respect to a FX Contract, the acceptance for clearing by both FX Clearing Members of a FX Product 
submitted for clearing and the acceptance by CME Clearing of such FX Product for clearing. 
 
Acceptance Date 
With respect to a FX Contract, the date on which the Acceptance Conditions are satisfied. 
 
Acceptance Time 
With respect to a FX Contract, the time at which the Acceptance Conditions are satisfied. 
 
Clearing Business Day 
With respect to a FX Contract, any day on which CME Clearing is open to process and settle FX Contracts. 
 
Clearing Effective Date 
With respect to a FX Contract the Clearing Effective Date shall be: 
(a) the Acceptance Date for such FX Contract, if the Acceptance Time for such FX Contract is prior to 
6.45 p.m. New York time on a Clearing Business Day; and 
(b) the Clearing Business Day immediately following the Acceptance Date for such FX Contract, if the 
Acceptance Time for such FX Contract is on or after 6.45 p.m. New York time on a Clearing Business 
Day. 
 
Contract Elections 
For any FX Product submitted to and accepted for clearing by CME Clearing as a FX Contract, any reference 
to the "Trade Date" shall be considered a reference to the "Acceptance Date", pursuant to Rule 60001., and 
each of the following Contract Elections must be made by the corresponding FX Participant in comportment 
with the contract specifications of Chapter 601 and the Relevant EMTA Template Terms for such FX Product: 
1. 
Reference Currency 
2. 
Notional Amounts (for which such FX Participant must specify either (a) a Notional Amount and a 
Reference Currency Notional Amount or (b) a Forward Rate and either a Notional Amount or a 
Reference Currency Notional Amount) 
3. 
Whether the FX Clearing Participant is acting as a Reference Currency Buyer or a Reference Currency 
Seller 
4. 
Whether CME Clearing is acting as a Reference Currency Seller or a Reference Currency Buyer 
5. 
Valuation Date 
 
EMTA 
EMTA Inc., the trade association for the emerging markets that was formerly known as the Emerging Markets 
Traders Association, or a recognized successor thereto. 
 
EMTA Template Terms 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 2 of 3 
 
With respect to a given FX Product, the EMTA Template Terms shall be all terms prescribed by EMTA for 
the confirmation of such FX Product in the relevant Currency Pair. 
 
FX Clearing Member 
An OTC FX Clearing Member that is authorized to submit FX Products to CME Clearing for clearing pursuant 
to these Rules. 
 
FX Contract 
 
A FX Product that has been accepted for clearing by CME Clearing. 
 
FX Definitions 
The 1998 FX and Currency Options Definitions (including Annex A thereto) as published and amended 
from time to time by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA”) and EMTA. 
 
FX Participant 
A market participant on whose behalf a FX Clearing Member holds a position in a FX Contract. 
 
FX Product 
At any time, a non-deliverable “forward” foreign exchange (“FX”) transaction: 
(a) which is executed between counterparties on an over-the-counter (“OTC”) basis (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any such transaction executed through a swap execution facility or other trading 
platform), 
(b) in which the counterparties agree to the exchange (“delivery”) of the relevant Currency Pair at a maturity 
date greater than one or two business days in the future, and  
(c) which is designated by CME Clearing as eligible for clearing at such time. 
 
Relevant EMTA Template Terms 
With respect to a given FX Contract, the EMTA Template Terms for the FX Product corresponding to such 
FX Contract that are in effect on the Acceptance Date of such FX Contract, except to the extent otherwise 
provided in the Rules.  For the avoidance of doubt, if a second EMTA Template for such FX Product becomes 
effective after the Acceptance Date of such FX Contract, such second EMTA Template shall not apply to the 
terms of such FX Contract, nor shall it amend the Relevant EMTA Template Terms of such FX Contract, 
unless otherwise specified by CME Clearing. 
 
Termination Date 
The Termination Date of a FX Product shall be the maturity date of such FX Product, as agreed by the 
counterparties, provided that such maturity date shall occur no sooner than 2 calendar days, and no later 
than 2 years and 2 calendar days, after the Clearing Business Day on which such FX Product is submitted 
for clearing to CME Clearing. 
60003. NOTICES 
Any notice, document, communication, filing or form to be served on, filed with, made to or provided by CME 
Clearing to an FX Clearing Member pursuant to the Rules or in relation to any FX Contract or FX Product 
shall be served, filed, made or provided in accordance with these Rules and the relevant procedures set 
forth in the CME Clearing Manual from time to time. 
Any notice, document, communication, filing or form to be served on, filed with, made to or provided by CME 
Clearing pursuant to the Rules or in relation to any FX Contract or FX Product shall be served, filed, made 
or provided in accordance with the Rules and the relevant procedures set forth in CME Clearing Manual from 
time to time. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Rules, for so long as CME Clearing is unable to receive or 
deliver, or an FX Clearing Member is unable to deliver, any notice as a result of a failure, malfunction, 
suspension, or termination of all or any part of any of the relevant Clearing House systems, the time periods 
for delivery of any such notice will be tolled and any applicable delivery deadlines shall be extended 
accordingly. 
60004. DISCLAIMERS 
Neither ISDA® nor EMTA bears any responsibility or liability arising from the reproduction, public display, 
incorporation, dissemination or reference to all or any of the FX Definitions or the EMTA Template Terms. © 
1998 International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., Emerging Markets Traders Association, The 
Foreign Exchange Committee. 
60005. REGISTRATION 
 
60005.A. 
FX Clearing Members 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 3 of 3 
 
A FX Clearing Member must register with CME in order to clear FX Contracts through CME Clearing.  FX 
Clearing Members and FX Participants must complete all applicable on-boarding agreements required by 
CME Clearing to satisfy the registration process. 
 
60005.B. 
FX Participants 
In order for a FX Participant to participate in the clearing of FX Contracts through CME Clearing, such FX 
Participant’s FX Clearing Member must register the account of such FX Participant with CME prior to submitting 
FX Products on behalf of such Participant for clearing by CME Clearing and shall comply with any requirements 
of Rule 8F009. (“Customer Registration”). 
 
60005.C  
Eligible Contract Participant 
 
In order to transact in FX Contracts, a FX Participant must be an eligible contract participant ("ECP") pursuant 
to at least one of the applicable limbs of the definition provided in Section 1a(18) of the Commodity Exchange 
Act.  A FX Clearing Member that clears FX Contracts must obtain a representation from each FX Participant 
for which it provides clearing services that such FX Participant is, and will be, an ECP at all times during which 
clearing services are provided for such FX Participant.  If a FX Clearing Member becomes aware that a FX 
Participant for which it provides clearing services no longer qualifies as an ECP, such FX Clearing Member 
must notify CME Clearing and work with such FX Participant to close out such FX Participant’s open FX 
Contracts as soon as possible.  Violations of this Rule may subject the relevant FX Clearing Member to fines 
and other disciplinary action. 
 
60005.D. 
Identification of FX Contracts 
Each FX Contract shall be identified with an account number which identifies the originator of such FX 
Contract and which specifies whether such FX Contract is (i) a proprietary transaction of a FX Clearing 
Member duly registered with CME Clearing or (ii) a transaction by a FX Participant duly registered with 
CME Clearing. 
60006. SUBMISSION OF FX PRODUCTS TO THE CLEARING HOUSE 
 
60006.A. 
FX Product Submission Methods 
FX Products shall be submitted to CME Clearing for clearing through (a) the CME ClearPort API, or (b) the 
CME Clearing migration utility, or (c) any other facility or trade platform approved by CME Clearing from 
time to time.  To the extent not specified elsewhere in these Rules, CME Clearing shall specify the terms 
and conditions under which FX Products shall be submitted to CME Clearing for clearing. 
 
60006.B. 
Acceptance of FX Product by CME Clearing and Creation of FX Contract 
Any FX Product executed between two counterparties on an OTC basis (i) that is submitted to CME Clearing 
in accordance with the Rules and with all required elections, (ii) that satisfies the conditions in Rule 8F005. 
(“Substitution and Timeframe of Acceptance for Clearing”), (iii) that is within the FX Product scope prescribed 
by CME Clearing, and (iv) for which both corresponding FX Clearing Members have accepted the resultant 
FX Contract, shall be accepted for clearing and shall result in two FX Contracts in accordance with Rule 
8F005. 
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in the Rules or in the Exchange User License Agreement (as 
may be amended from time to time), the parties to a bilateral FX Product transaction which has been submitted 
for clearing, but which has not been accepted for clearing by CME Clearing pursuant to these Rules, may 
separately agree that such bilateral FX Product transaction (i) is a valid and binding agreement between the 
parties, (ii) is uncleared and (iii) has no affiliation with CME Clearing. 
60006.C. 
Last Day of Clearing 
The last day on which a FX Product may be submitted for clearing in respect of a specified Valuation Date 
shall be the same Clearing Business Day as such Valuation Date. 
 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 1 of 3 
 
 
Chapter 601 
Cleared OTC Non-Deliverable Forward FX Contract Terms 
 
60101. SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
The terms and conditions of each FX Contract shall be defined by this Chapter, as supplemented by the FX 
Definitions, the Relevant EMTA Template Terms, and the relevant Contract Elections, and as further 
supplemented and amended by provisions of the Rules.  Capitalized terms in this Chapter that are not 
otherwise defined in either this Chapter or the other Chapters of the Rules shall have the meanings set forth 
in the FX Definitions. 
Unless otherwise specified, times referred to herein shall refer to and indicate New York time. 
60102. CONTRACT TERMS 
Each FX Contract is supplemented by the FX Definitions and the Relevant EMTA Template Terms, and the 
Contract Elections for such FX Contract. 
 
60102.A. 
Calculation Agent 
The Calculation Agent for each FX Contract shall be CME Clearing or its designee for all purposes.  For the 
avoidance of doubt, the Calculation Agent shall not be required to consult with the parties to a FX Contract 
prior to making any determination that is required or permitted to be made by the Calculation Agent or Agents 
for such FX Contract. 
 
60102.B. 
Settlement Currency 
For any FX Contract, the settlement currency shall be U.S. dollars. 
 
60102.C. 
Unit of Clearing and Minimum Price Increment 
1. 
In respect of the Currency Pair that is the subject of a given FX Contract, the Unit of Clearing shall be 
U.S. dollars in increments of 0.01 U.S. dollars.   
2. 
The Minimum Price Increment for any FX Contract shall be a given unit of the corresponding Reference 
Currency per one (1) U.S. dollar, as set forth in Exhibit 60102.C.1. 
 
Exhibit 60102.C.1. 
Currency Pairs and Minimum Price Increments 
Currency Pair 
(Reference Currency per U.S. Dollar) 
Minimum Price Increment 
(Units of Reference Currency per one (1) U.S. Dollar) 
 
 
BRL (Brazilian Real) 
0.000001 Brazilian Real 
CLP (Chilean Peso) 
0.0001 Chilean Peso 
CNY (Chinese Renminbi) 
0.0001 Chinese Renminbi 
COP (Colombian Peso) 
0.01 Colombian Peso 
IDR (Indonesian Rupiah) 
0.01 Indonesian Rupiah 
INR (Indian Rupee) 
0.0001 Indian Rupee 
KRW (Korean Won) 
0.0001 Korean Won 
PEN (Peruvian Nuevo Sol) 
0.000001 Peruvian Nuevo Sol 
PHP (Philippine Peso) 
0.001 Philippine Peso 
RUB (Russian Ruble) 
0.000001 Russian Ruble 
TWD (Taiwan Dollar) 
0.001 Taiwan Dollar 
 
60102.D. 
Hours for Clearing Entry 
CME Clearing shall determine the hours during which FX Products may be submitted to CME Clearing for 
clearing as FX Contracts. 
  
60102.E. 
 
Valuation Dates for Final Settlement Price Determination 
Prior to submission to CME Clearing for clearing, a FX Product may be specified for a Final Settlement Price 
determination on a Valuation Date that is mutually agreed by the relevant FX Participants, and that is 
accepted by CME Clearing as a valid Valuation Date for the Currency Pair corresponding to such FX Product, 
in accordance with the Relevant EMTA Template Terms. 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 2 of 3 
 
60102.F. 
 
Delivery and Liquidation 
1. 
At Maturity.  A FX Contract that remains outstanding on such FX Contract’s Valuation Date shall be 
financially settled pursuant to Rule 60104. 
2. 
Prior to Maturity.  Standard offsets of futures and options on futures shall not apply to positions in FX 
Contracts.  For FX Contracts for a specified Valuation Date, positions may be closed out prior to such 
Valuation Date upon the request of the relevant FX Clearing Member to CME Clearing, in the manner 
prescribed by CME Clearing. 
 
60102.G. 
Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels  
The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set forth in 
the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & Special Notices 
Section of Chapter 5. 
A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to the 
Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation Department 
may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion. 
Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions from 
the specified position limits. 
60104. CASH SETTLEMENT 
 
60104.A. 
Final Settlement Price and Final Settlement Amount 
A FX Contract remaining open on such FX Contract’s Valuation Date shall be cash settled by reference to 
the difference between the Final Settlement Price for such FX Contract minus the original trade price of such 
FX Contract as submitted for clearing to CME Clearing (“Difference”). 
Such Final Settlement Price shall be equal to the value of the relevant Settlement Rate Option, as specified 
in the Relevant EMTA Template, rounded to the nearest applicable Minimum Price Increment set forth in 
Rule 60102.C.  If the specified Settlement Rate Option is unavailable for determination of a Final Settlement 
Price, then such Final Settlement Price shall be determined in accordance with the applicable disruption 
fallback alternatives for the determination of the Settlement Rate, as set forth in the Relevant EMTA 
Template.  If such disruption fallback alternatives fail to provide a Settlement Rate, then such Final 
Settlement Price shall be determined by the Exchange, in its role as Calculation Agent, pursuant to Rule 
812. 
The Final Settlement Amount for such FX Contract shall be denominated in U.S. dollars, and shall be the 
product of (i) such Difference and (ii) the Notional Amount of such FX Contract in the applicable Reference 
Currency, divided by the Final Settlement Price for such Valuation Date. 
If such Final Settlement Amount is positive, then CME Clearing shall debit the selling FX Clearing Member’s 
account and credit the buying FX Clearing Member’s account for such Final Settlement Amount.  If such 
Final Settlement Amount is negative, then CME Clearing shall debit the buying FX Clearing Member’s 
account and credit the selling FX Clearing Member’s account for such Final Settlement Amount. 
60104.B. 
Discontinuation of a Settlement Rate Option 
For any FX Contract, if:  
(a) 
the provider of the corresponding Settlement Rate Option has publicly announced that it will 
discontinue publication of such Settlement Rate Option (“Discontinued Settlement Rate Option”); 
and 
(b) 
EMTA has publicly announced amendments to the Relevant EMTA Template Terms so as to specify 
that an alternative Settlement Rate Option (“Alternative Settlement Rate Option”) shall replace such 
Discontinued Settlement Rate Option as of a specified date (“Effective Substitution Date”); and 
(c) 
the Final Settlement Price of such FX Contract has not been determined as of such Effective 
Substitution Date; 
then such FX Contract shall be deemed an Affected FX Contract for which CME Clearing shall reserve 
the authority (i) to amend the applicable Settlement Rate Option so as to reference such Alternative 
Settlement Rate Option, effective as of the Effective Substitution Date, and (ii) to make such other 
amendments to such Affected FX Contract as may be required, by written notice to all FX Clearing 
Participants. 
Any omission or failure to give notice under this provision to, or the non-receipt of notice by, any FX 
Clearing Participant shall not invalidate the amendment with which the notice is concerned.  
60104.C. 
Continuation of a Legacy Settlement Rate Option 


 
 
Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.  
Page 3 of 3 
 
For any FX Contract, if:  
(a) 
EMTA has publicly announced amendments to the Relevant EMTA Template Terms so as to specify 
an Alternative Settlement Rate Option in place of the existing Settlement Rate Option as of an 
Effective Substitution Date; and 
(b) 
the Final Settlement Price of such FX Contract has not been determined as of such Effective 
Substitution Date; and  
(c) 
the provider of the existing Settlement Rate Option continues the publication of such Settlement Rate 
Option (“Legacy Settlement Rate Option”);  
then such FX Contract shall not be deemed an Affected FX Contract.  If at any time after such Effective 
Substitution Date the provider of the Legacy Settlement Rate Option discontinues the publication of 
the Legacy Settlement Rate Option, then the FX Contract thereupon shall be deemed an Affected FX 
Contract in accordance with Rule 60104.B., and the relevant date of discontinuation thereupon shall 
be deemed the Effective Substitution Date. 
60104.D. 
Amendments to Timings 
CME Clearing may amend the timings of notifications, deliveries, and transfers under this Rule to reflect as 
appropriate the adoption of daylight savings time in the relevant countries of delivery. 
60105. DISPUTES  
All disputes between interested parties shall be settled by arbitration as provided in the Rules. 
60106. CONTRACT MODIFICATIONS 
60106.A. 
CME Rules 
The terms of FX Contracts may be modified by CME in accordance with the Rules, with such modification 
to be incorporated into the Rules of this Chapter and to be applicable to all FX Contracts that are entered 
into subsequent to the relevant date of modification. 
 
60106.B. 
Change in Law or Regulation 
If any governmental agency or body with jurisdiction over CME issues an order, ruling, directive or law that 
conflicts with the requirements of the Rules of this Chapter, CME shall make such amendments and 
modifications to these Rules as it deems appropriate in its sole discretion in order to reflect the 
application of such order, ruling, directive or law, and such changes to these Rules shall be applicable to 
all FX Contracts that are open as of, or entered into subsequent to, the relevant effective date of the order, 
ruling, directive or law. 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 9 
Chapter 700 
SECURITY FUTURES PRODUCT LISTING STANDARDS 
70000. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to initial and maintenance listing standards for Security Futures 
Products (“SFPs”) listed on Chicago Mercantile Exchange (the “Exchange”).  
70001. 
SINGLE SECURITY FUTURES – INITIAL LISTING STANDARDS 
For a Security Futures Product, that is physically settled, to be eligible for initial listing, the security 
underlying the futures contract must meet each of the following requirements: 
1. 
It must be a common stock, an American Depositary Receipt (“ADR”) representing common 
stock or ordinary shares, a share of an exchange traded fund (“ETF Share”), a trust issued 
receipt (“TIR”) or a share of a registered closed-end management investment company 
(“Closed-End Fund Share”).  
2. 
It must be registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (as amended 
from time to time, the “Exchange Act”), and its issuer must be in compliance with any 
applicable requirements of the Exchange Act.  
3. 
It must be listed on a national securities exchange or traded through the facilities of a national 
securities association and reported as a “national market system” security as set forth in Rule 
11Aa3-1 under the Exchange Act (“NMS security”). 
4. 
There must be at least seven million shares or receipts evidencing the underlying security 
outstanding that are owned by persons other than those required to report their security 
holdings pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act.  
INTERPRETATION OF REQUIREMENT 4 AS APPLIED TO 
RESTRUCTURE SECURITIES 
In the case of an equity security that a company issues or anticipates issuing as the result of a 
spin-off, reorganization, recapitalization, restructuring or similar corporate transaction (“Restructure 
Security”), the Exchange may assume that this requirement is satisfied if, based on a reasonable 
investigation, it determines that, on the product’s intended listing date: (A) at least 40 million shares 
of the Restructure Security will be issued and outstanding; or (B) the Restructure Security will be 
listed on an exchange or automated quotation system that is subject to an initial listing requirement 
of no less than seven million publicly owned shares.  
In the case of a Restructure Security issued or distributed to the holders of the equity security that 
existed prior to the ex-date of a spin-off, reorganization, recapitalization, restructuring or similar 
corporate transaction (“Original Equity Security”), the Exchange may consider the number of 
outstanding shares of the Original Equity Security prior to the spin-off, reorganization, 
recapitalization, restructuring or similar corporate transaction (“Restructuring Transaction”).  
5. 
In the case of an underlying security other than an ETF Share, TIR or Closed-End Fund Share, 
there must be at least 2,000 security holders.  
INTERPRETATION OF REQUIREMENT 5 AS APPLIED TO 
RESTRUCTURE SECURITIES 
If the security under consideration is a Restructure Security, the Exchange may assume that this 
requirement is satisfied if, based on a reasonable investigation, the Exchange determines that, on 
the product’s intended listing date: (A) at least 40 million shares of the Restructure Security will be 
issued and outstanding; or (B) the Restructure Security will be listed on an exchange or automated 
quotation system that is subject to an initial listing requirement of at least 2,000 shareholders.  In 
the case of a Restructure Security issued or distributed to the holders of the Original Equity 
Security, the Exchange may consider the number of shareholders of the Original Equity Security 
prior to the Restructuring Transaction.  
6. 
In the case of an underlying security other than an ETF Share, TIR or Closed-End Fund Share, 
it must have had total trading volume (in all markets in which the underlying security is traded) 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 9 
of at least 2,400,000 shares or receipts evidencing the underlying security in the preceding 12 
months. 
INTERPRETATION OF REQUIREMENT 6 AS APPLIED TO 
RESTRUCTURE SECURITIES 
Look-Back Test: In determining whether a Restructure Security that is issued or distributed to the 
shareholders of an Original Equity Security (but not a Restructure Security that is issued pursuant 
to a public offering or rights distribution) satisfies this requirement, the Exchange may “look back” to 
the trading volume history of the Original Equity Security prior to the ex-date of the Restructuring 
Transaction if the following Look-Back Test is satisfied:  
a. 
The Restructure Security has an aggregate market value of at least $500 million;  
b. 
The aggregate market value of the Restructure Security equals or exceeds the Relevant 
Percentage (defined below) of the aggregate market value of the Original Equity Security;  
c. 
The aggregate book value of the assets attributed to the business represented by the 
Restructure Security equals or exceeds $50 million and the Relevant Percentage of the 
aggregate book value of the assets attributed to the business represented by the Original 
Equity Security; or  
d. 
The revenues attributed to the business represented by the Restructure Security equal or 
exceed $50 million and the Relevant Percentage of the revenues attributed to the 
business represented by the Original Equity Security.  
For purposes of determining whether the Look-Back Test is satisfied, the term “Relevant 
Percentage” means: (i) 25%, when the applicable measure determined with respect to the Original 
Equity Security or the business it represents includes the business represented by the Restructure 
Security; and (ii) 33-1/3%, when the applicable measure determined with respect to the Original 
Equity Security or the business it represents excludes the business represented by the Restructure 
Security. 
In calculating comparative aggregate market values, the Exchange will use the Restructure 
Security’s closing price on its primary market on the last business day prior to the date on which the 
Restructure Security is selected as an underlying security for a SFP (“Selection Date”), or the 
Restructure Security’s opening price on its primary market on the Selection Date, and will use the 
corresponding closing or opening price of the related Original Equity Security. 
Furthermore, in calculating comparative asset values and revenues, the Exchange will use the 
issuer’s (i) latest annual financial statements or (ii) most recently available interim financial 
statements (so long as such interim financial statements cover a period of not less than three 
months), whichever are more recent. Those financial statements may be audited or unaudited and 
may be pro forma.  
Limitation on Use of Look-Back Test: Except in the case of a Restructure Security that is 
distributed pursuant to a public offering or rights distribution, the Exchange will not rely upon the 
trading volume history of an Original Equity Security for any trading day unless it also relies upon 
the market price history for that trading day.  
In addition, once the Exchange commences to rely upon a Restructure Security’s trading volume 
and market price history for any trading day, the Exchange will not rely upon the trading volume 
and market price history of the Original Equity Security for any trading day thereafter.  
7. 
In the case of an underlying security that is an ETF Share, TIR or Closed-End Fund Share, it 
must have had a total trading volume (in all markets in which the underlying security has 
traded) of at least 2,400,000 shares or receipts evidencing the underlying security in the 
preceding 12 months. 
8. 
If the underlying security is a “covered security as defined under Section 18(b)(1)(A) of the 
Securities Act of 1933, the market price per share of the underlying security has been at least 
$3.00 for the previous five consecutive business days preceding the date on which the 
Exchange commences to list and trade the Security Futures Product on said underlying 
security.  For purposes of this provision, the market price of such underlying security is 
measured by the closing price reported in the primary market in which the underlying security 
is traded.    


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 3 of 9 
INTERPRETATION OF REQUIREMENT 8 AS APPLIED TO 
RESTRUCTURE SECURITIES 
Look-Back Test: In determining whether a Restructure Security that is issued or distributed to the 
shareholders of an Original Equity Security (but not a Restructure Security that is issued pursuant 
to a public offering or rights distribution) satisfies this requirement, the Exchange may “look back” to 
the market price history of the Original Equity Security prior to the ex-date of the Restructuring 
Transaction if the following Look-Back Test is satisfied:  
a. 
The Restructure Security has an aggregate market value of at least $500 million; 
b. 
The aggregate market value of the Restructure Security equals or exceeds the Relevant 
Percentage (defined below) of the aggregate market value of the Original Equity Security; 
c. 
The aggregate book value of the assets attributed to the business represented by the 
Restructure Security equals or exceeds both $50 million and the Relevant Percentage of 
the aggregate book value of the assets attributed to the business represented by the 
Original Equity Security; or 
d. 
The revenues attributed to the business represented by the Restructure Security equals or 
exceeds both $50 million and the Relevant Percentage of the revenues attributed to the 
business represented by the Original Equity Security. 
For purposes of determining whether the Look-Back Test is satisfied, the term “Relevant 
Percentage” means: (i) 25%, when the applicable measure determined with respect to the Original 
Equity Security or the business it represents includes the business represented by the Restructure 
Security; and (ii) 33-1/3%, when the applicable measure determined with respect to the Original 
Equity Security or the business it represents excludes the business represented by the Restructure 
Security.  
In calculating comparative aggregate market values, the Exchange will use the Restructure 
Security’s closing price on its primary market on the last business day prior to the Selection Date, 
or the Restructure Security’s opening price on its primary market on the Selection Date, and will 
use the corresponding closing or opening price of the related Original Equity Security. 
Furthermore, in calculating comparative asset values and revenues, the Exchange will use the 
issuer’s (i) latest annual financial statements or (ii) most recently available interim financial 
statements (so long as such interim financial statements cover a period of not less than three 
months), whichever are more recent. Those financial statements may be audited or unaudited and 
may be pro forma. 
Restructure Securities Issued in Public Offering or Rights Distribution: In determining 
whether a Restructure Security that is distributed pursuant to a public offering or a rights 
distribution satisfies requirement 8, the Exchange may look back to the market price history of the 
Original Equity Security if: (i) the foregoing Look-Back Test is satisfied; (ii) the Restructure Security 
trades “regular way” on an exchange or automatic quotation system for at least five trading days 
immediately preceding the Selection Date; and (iii) at the close of trading on each trading day on 
which the Restructure Security trades “regular way” prior to the Selection Date, as well as at the 
opening of trading on Selection Date, the market price of the Restructure Security was at least 
$3.00.  
Limitation on Use of Look-Back Test:  Except in the case of a Restructure Security that is 
distributed pursuant to a public offering or rights distribution, the Exchange will not rely upon the 
market price history of an Original Equity Security for any trading day unless it also relies upon the 
trading volume history for that trading day.  In addition, once the Exchange commences to rely 
upon a Restructure Security’s trading volume and market price history for any trading day, the 
Exchange will not rely upon the trading volume and market price history of the related Original 
Equity Security for any trading day thereafter. 
9. 
If the underlying security is not a “covered security as defined under Section 18(b)(1)(A) of the 
Securities Act of 1933, the market price per share of the underlying security has been at least 
$7.50 for the previous five consecutive business days preceding the date on which the 
Exchange commences to list and trade the Security Futures Product on said underlying 
security.  For purposes of this provision, the market price of such underlying security is 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 4 of 9 
measured by the closing price reported in the primary market in which the underlying security 
is traded.    
INTERPRETATION OF REQUIREMENT 9 AS APPLIED TO 
RESTRUCTURE SECURITIES 
Look-Back Test: In determining whether a Restructure Security that is issued or distributed to the 
shareholders of an Original Equity Security (but not a Restructure Security that is issued pursuant 
to a public offering or rights distribution) satisfies this requirement, the Exchange may “look back” to 
the market price history of the Original Equity Security prior to the ex-date of the Restructuring 
Transaction if the following Look-Back Test is satisfied:  
a. 
The Restructure Security has an aggregate market value of at least $500 million; 
b. 
The aggregate market value of the Restructure Security equals or exceeds the 
Relevant Percentage (defined below) of the aggregate market value of the Original 
Equity Security; 
c. 
The aggregate book value of the assets attributed to the business represented by the 
Restructure Security equals or exceeds both $50 million and the Relevant Percentage 
of the aggregate book value of the assets attributed to the business represented by 
the Original Equity Security; or 
d. 
The revenues attributed to the business represented by the Restructure Security 
equals or exceeds both $50 million and the Relevant Percentage of the revenues 
attributed to the business represented by the Original Equity Security. 
For purposes of determining whether the Look-Back Test is satisfied, the term “Relevant 
Percentage” means: (i) 25%, when the applicable measure determined with respect to the Original 
Equity Security or the business it represents includes the business represented by the Restructure 
Security; and (ii) 33-1/3%, when the applicable measure determined with respect to the Original 
Equity Security or the business it represents excludes the business represented by the Restructure 
Security.  
In calculating comparative aggregate market values, the Exchange will use the Restructure 
Security’s closing price on its primary market on the last business day prior to the Selection Date, 
or the Restructure Security’s opening price on its primary market on the Selection Date, and will 
use the corresponding closing or opening price of the related Original Equity Security. 
Furthermore, in calculating comparative asset values and revenues, the Exchange will use the 
issuer’s (i) latest annual financial statements or (ii) most recently available interim financial 
statements (so long as such interim financial statements cover a period of not less than three 
months), whichever are more recent. Those financial statements may be audited or unaudited and 
may be pro forma. 
Restructure Securities Issued in Public Offering or Rights Distribution: In determining 
whether a Restructure Security that is distributed pursuant to a public offering or a rights 
distribution satisfies requirement 9, the Exchange may look back to the market price history of the 
Original Equity Security if: (i) the foregoing Look-Back Test is satisfied; (ii) the Restructure Security 
trades “regular way” on an exchange or automatic quotation system for at least five trading days 
immediately preceding the Selection Date; and (iii) at the close of trading on each trading day on 
which the Restructure Security trades “regular way” prior to the Selection Date, as well as at the 
opening of trading on Selection Date, the market price of the Restructure Security was at least 
$7.50.  
Limitation on Use of Look-Back Test:  Except in the case of a Restructure Security that is 
distributed pursuant to a public offering or rights distribution, the Exchange will not rely upon the 
market price history of an Original Equity Security for any trading day unless it also relies upon the 
trading volume history for that trading day.  In addition, once the Exchange commences to rely 
upon a Restructure Security’s trading volume and market price history for any trading day, the 
Exchange will not rely upon the trading volume and market price history of the related Original 
Equity Security for any trading day thereafter. 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 5 of 9 
10. If the underlying security is an ADR: 
a. 
The Exchange must have an effective surveillance sharing agreement with the 
primary exchange in the home country where the stock underlying the ADR is traded;  
b. 
The combined trading volume of the ADR and other related ADRs and securities in 
the U.S. ADR market, or in markets with which the Exchange has in place an effective 
surveillance sharing agreement, represents (on a share equivalent basis) at least 
50% of the combined worldwide trading volume in the ADR, the security underlying 
the ADR, other classes of common stock related to the underlying security, and ADRs 
overlying such other stock over the three-month period preceding the dates of 
selection of the ADR for futures trading (“Selection Date”);  
c. 
 
(1) 
The combined trading volume of the ADR and other related ADRs and 
securities in the U.S. ADR market, and in markets where the Exchange has in 
place an effective surveillance sharing agreement, represents (on a share 
equivalent basis) at least 20% of the combined worldwide trading volume in 
the ADR and in other related ADRs and securities over the three-month period 
preceding the Selection Date;  
(2) 
The average daily trading volume for the ADR in the U.S. markets over the 
three-month period preceding the Selection Date is at least 100,000 receipts; 
and  
(3) 
The daily trading volume for the ADR is at least 60,000 receipts in the U.S. 
markets on a majority of the trading days for the three-month period preceding 
the Selection Date.  
Or 
d. 
The Securities and Exchange Commission and Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission have otherwise authorized the listing.  
11. The Exchange will not list for trading any SFP where the underlying security is a Restructure 
Security that is not yet issued and outstanding, regardless of whether the Restructure Security 
is trading on a “when issued” basis or on another basis that is contingent upon the issuance or 
distribution of securities. 
70002. 
SINGLE SECURITY FUTURES – MAINTENANCE LISTING STANDARDS 
1. 
The Exchange will not open for trading any SFP, that is physically settled, with a new delivery 
month, and may prohibit any opening purchase transactions in the SFP already trading, to the 
extent it deems such action necessary or appropriate, unless the underlying security meets 
each of the following maintenance requirements; provided that, if the underlying security is an 
ETF Share, TIR or Closed-End Fund Share, the applicable requirements for initial listing of the 
related SFP (as described in Rule 70001 above) shall apply in lieu of the following 
maintenance requirements: 
a. 
It must be registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. 
b.  There must be at least 6,300,000 shares or receipts evidencing the underlying 
security outstanding that are owned by persons other than those who are required to 
report their security holdings pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act.  
c.  There must be at least 1,600 securityholders.  
d. 
It must have had an average daily trading volume (across all markets in which the 
underlying security is traded) of least 82,000 shares or receipts evidencing the 
underlying security in each of the preceding 12 months. 
INTERPRETATION OF REQUIREMENT 1.d AS APPLIED TO  
RESTRUCTURE SECURITIES 
If a Restructure Security is approved for a SFP trading under the initial listing standards in Rule 
70001, the average daily trading volume history of the Original Equity Security (as defined in Rule 
70001) prior to the commencement of trading in the Restructure Security (as defined in Rule 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 6 of 9 
70001), including “when-issued” trading, may be taken into account in determining whether this 
requirement is satisfied.  
e. 
The market price per share or receipt of the underlying security has not closed below 
$3.00 on the previous trading day to the Expiration Day of the nearest expiring 
Contact on the underlying security.  The market price per share of the underlying 
security will be measured by the closing price reported in the primary market in which 
the underlying security traded. 
INTERPRETATION OF REQUIREMENT 1.e AS APPLIED TO 
RESTRUCTURE SECURITIES 
If a Restructure Security is approved for SFP trading under the initial listing standards per Rule 
70001, the market price history of the Original Equity Security prior to the commencement of 
trading in the Restructure Security, including “when-issued” trading, may be taken into account in 
determining whether this requirement is satisfied.  
f. 
If the underlying security is an ADR and was initially deemed appropriate for SFP 
trading per Rule 70001.10.b or Rule 70001.10.c., the Exchange will not open for 
trading SFPs having additional delivery months on the ADR unless:  
(1) 
The percentage of worldwide trading volume in the ADR and other related 
securities that takes place in the U.S. and in markets with which the Exchange 
has in place effective surveillance sharing agreements for any consecutive 
three-month period is: (1) at least 30%, without regard to the average daily 
trading volume in the ADR; or (2) at least 15% when the average U.S. daily 
trading volume in the ADR for the previous three months is at least 70,000 
receipts; 
(2) 
The Exchange has in place an effective surveillance sharing agreement with 
the primary exchange in the home country where the security underlying the 
ADR is traded; or  
(3) 
The Securities and Exchange Commission and Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission have otherwise authorized the listing.  
1. 
The Exchange will not open trading in a SFP with a new delivery month unless: 
a. 
The issuer of the underlying security satisfies applicable Exchange Act reporting 
requirements, or corrects any failure within 30 days after the date the report was due 
to be filed; and  
b. 
The underlying security is listed on a national securities exchange or is principally 
traded through the facilities of a national securities association and is designated as 
an NMS security.  
c. 
The underlying security is registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act 
of 1934 (as amended from time to time, the “Exchange Act”), and its issuer is in 
compliance with applicable requirements of the Exchange Act.  
2. 
If prior to the withdrawal from trading of a SFP covering an underlying security that has been 
found not to meet the Exchange’s requirements for continued approval, the Exchange 
determines that the underlying security again meets the Exchange’s requirements, the 
Exchange may open for trading new delivery months in such SFP and may lift any restriction 
on opening purchase transactions.  
3. 
Whenever the Exchange announces that approval of an underlying security has been 
withdrawn for any reason or that the Exchange has been informed that the issuer of an 
underlying security has ceased to be in compliance with Exchange Act reporting requirements, 
each Clearing Member and Exchange Member (as such terms are defined in the Rules of the 
Exchange as in effect from time to time) shall, prior to effecting any transaction in SFPs with 
respect to such underlying security for any customer, inform such customer of such fact and 
that the Exchange may prohibit further transactions in such SFPs as it determines is necessary 
and appropriate. 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 7 of 9 
70003. 
SFPs BASED ON INDEX COMPOSED OF TWO OR MORE SECURITIES –  
INITIAL LISTING STANDARDS 
For a SFP based on an index, that is physically settled, composed of two or more securities to be 
eligible for initial listing, the index must:  
1. 
Meet the definition of a narrow-based security index in Section 1a(35) of the Commodity 
Exchange Act and Section 3(a)(55) of the Exchange Act; and  
2. 
Meet the following requirements:  
a. 
It must be capitalization-weighted, modified capitalization-weighted, price-weighted or 
equal dollar-weighted or, in the case of an index underlying physically settled security 
futures products only, approximately equal dollar-weighted.   
INTERPRETATION OF REQUIREMENT 2.a. AS APPLIED TO  
APPROXIMATELY EQUAL DOLLAR-WEIGHTED INDICES UNDERLYING  
PHYSICALLY SETTLED SFPs. 
In the case of a physically settled SFP based on an approximately equal dollar-weighted index 
composed of one or more securities, each component security will be weighted equally based on 
its market price on the Selection Date, subject to rounding up or down the number of shares or 
receipts evidencing such security to the nearest multiple of 100 shares or receipts. 
a. 
Its component securities must be registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act.  
b. 
Subject to e and l below, the component securities that account for at least 90% of 
the total index weight and at least 80% of the total number of component securities in 
the index must meet the requirements for listing a single-security future, as set forth in 
Rule 70001.  
c. 
Each component security in the index must have a minimum market capitalization of 
at least $75 million, except that each of the lowest weighted securities in the index 
that in the aggregate account for no more than 10% of the weight of the index may 
have a minimum market capitalization of only $50 million.  
d. 
The average daily trading volume in each of the preceding six months for each 
component security in the index must be at least 45,500 shares or receipts, except 
that each of the lowest weighted component securities in the index that in the 
aggregate account for no more than 10% of the weight of the index may have an 
average daily trading volume of only 22,750 shares or receipts for each of the last six 
months. 
e. 
Each component security in the index must be listed on a national securities 
exchange or traded through the facilities of a national securities association and 
reported as an NMS security.    
f. 
Foreign securities or ADRs thereon that are not subject to comprehensive 
surveillance sharing agreements must not represent more than 20% of the weight of 
the index.  
g. 
The current underlying index value must be reported at least once every 15 seconds 
during the time the SFP is traded on the Exchange.  
h. 
An equal dollar-weighted index must be rebalanced at least once every calendar 
quarter, except that an approximately equal dollar-weighted index underlying a 
physically settled SFP need only be rebalanced as provided in (j) below. 
i. 
An approximately equal dollar-weighted index underlying a physically settled security 
futures product must be rebalanced annually if the aggregate value (i.e., the original 
number of shares multiplied by their current price) of the security position with the 
highest value is two or more times greater than the aggregate value of the security 
position with the lowest value in the index for any period of 10 consecutive trading 
days within the last month preceding the date of determination.  In addition, the 
Exchange may from time to time, but no frequently than quarterly, elect to rebalance 
any approximately equal dollar-weighted index underlying a physically settled security 
futures product depending on several factors, including the relative price changes of 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 8 of 9 
the component securities, the levels of volume and open interest in the contracts and 
input from market participants.  
INTERPRETATION OF REQUIREMENT 2.j. REGARDING  
PROCEDURES FOR REBALANCING 
The date of determination for the mandatory annual rebalancing of a approximately equal dollar-
weighted index underlying a physically settled security futures product as described in the first 
sentence of (j) will initially be the last trading day of the year, except that, if the Exchange has 
rebalanced such index on an interim basis as described in the second sentence of (j), any following 
annual rebalancing of such index will occur on the anniversary date of the interim rebalancing.  
New contracts issued on or after a date on which the corresponding index is rebalanced in 
accordance with (j) will be based on an index consisting of the original component securities, 
weighted applying the methodology described under (a) above on the basis of security prices on 
the rebalancing date.  Outstanding contracts will not be affected by any rebalancing.   
a. 
If the underlying index is maintained by a broker-dealer, the index must be calculated 
by a third party who is not a broker-dealer, and the broker-dealer must have in place 
an information barrier around its personnel who have access to information 
concerning changes in and adjustments to the index. 
b. 
In a capitalization-weighted index, the lesser of: (1) the five highest weighted 
component securities in the index each have had an average daily trading volume of 
at least 90,000 shares or receipts over the past six months; or (2) the highest 
weighted component securities in the index that in the aggregate represent at least 
30% of the total number of securities in the index each have had an average daily 
trading volume of at least 90,000 shares or receipts over the past six months.  
70004. 
SFPs BASED ON INDEX COMPOSED OF TWO OR MORE SECURITIES – 
MAINTENANCE LISTING STANDARDS 
The Exchange will not open for trading SFPs, that are physically settled, based on an index 
composed of two or more securities with a new delivery month unless the underlying index:  
1. 
Meets the definition of a narrow-based security index in Section 1a(35) of the Commodity 
Exchange Act and Section 3(a)(55) of the Exchange Act; and  
2. 
Meets the following requirements:  
a. 
Its component securities must be registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act;  
b. 
Subject to (d) and (k) below, the component securities that account for at least 90% of 
the total index weight and at least 80% of the total number of component securities in 
the index must meet the requirements for listing a single-security future, as set forth in 
70001.  
c. 
Each component security in the index must have a market capitalization of at least 
$75 million, except that each of the lowest weighted component securities that in the 
aggregate account for no more than 10% of the weight of the index may have a 
market capitalization of only $50 million.  
d. 
The average daily trading volume in each of the preceding six months for each 
component security in the index must be at least 22,750 shares or receipts, except 
that each of the lowest weighted component securities in the index that in the 
aggregate account for no more than 10% of the weight of the index may have an 
average daily trading volume of at least 18,200 shares or receipts for each of the last 
six months.  
e. 
Each component security in the index must be listed on a national securities 
exchange or traded through the facilities of a national securities association and 
reported as an NMS security.   
f. 
Foreign securities or ADRs thereon that are not subject to comprehensive 
surveillance sharing agreements must not represent more than 20% of the weight of 
the index.  


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 9 of 9 
g. 
The current underlying index value must be reported at least once every 15 seconds 
during the time the SFP is traded on the Exchange.  
h. 
An equal dollar-weighted index will be rebalanced at least once every calendar 
quarter, except that an approximately equal dollar-weighted index underlying a 
physically settled security futures product need only be rebalanced as provided in (i) 
below. 
i. 
An approximately equal dollar-weighted index underlying a physically settled security 
futures product must be rebalanced annually if the aggregate value (i.e., the original 
number of shares multiplied by their current price) of the security position with the 
highest value of the security position with the lowest value in the index for any period 
of 10 consecutive trading days within the last month preceding the date of 
determination.  In addition, the Exchange may from time to time, but not more 
frequently than quarterly, elect to rebalance any approximately equal dollar-weighted 
index underlying a physically settled security futures product depending on several 
factors, including the relative price changes of the component securities, the levels of 
volume and open interest in the contracts and input from market participants. 
INTERPRETATION OF REQUIREMENT 2.i. REGARDING 
PROCEDURES FOR REBALANCING 
In the case of a physically settled SFP based on an approximately equal dollar-weighted index 
composed of one or more securities, each component security will be weighted equally based on 
its market price on the Selection Date, subject to rounding up or down the number of shares or 
receipts evidencing such security to the nearest multiple of 100 shares or receipts. 
a. 
If the underlying index is maintained by a broker-dealer, the index must be calculated 
by a third party who is not a broker-dealer, and the broker-dealer must have in place 
an information barrier around its personnel who have access to information 
concerning changes in and adjustments to the index. 
b. 
In a capitalization-weighted index, the lesser of: (1) the five highest weighted 
component securities in the index each have had an average daily trading volume of 
at least 45,500 shares or receipts over the past six months; and (2) the highest 
weighted component securities in the index that in the aggregate represent at least 
30% of the total number of stocks in the index each have had an average daily 
trading volume of at least 45,500 shares or receipts over the past six months. 
c. 
The total number of component securities in the index must not increase or decrease 
by more than 33-1/3% from the number of component securities in the index at the 
time of its initial listing.  
If the foregoing maintenance standards are not satisfied, the Exchange will not open for trading a 
SFP based on an index composed of two or more securities with a new delivery month, unless it 
receives the approval of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Commodity Futures 
Trading Commission. 
(End of Chapter 700) 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 4 
Chapter 701 
SECURITY FUTURES PRODUCTS ADJUSTMENTS 
70101. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to Security Futures Products (“SFPs”) traded on Chicago 
Mercantile Exchange where the underlying interest is a single equity security or a narrow-based 
index.  The procedures for clearing, delivery, settlement and other matters not specifically covered 
herein shall be governed by the Rules of the Exchange.   
70110.  
ADJUSTMENTS TO SECURITY FUTURES PRODUCTS 
1. 
Determinations as to whether and how to adjust the terms of Security Futures Products to 
reflect events affecting underlying interests shall be made by the Clearing House based on its 
judgment as to what is appropriate for the protection of investors and the public interest, taking 
into account such factors as fairness to the buyers and sellers of Security Futures Products on 
the underlying interest, the maintenance of a fair and orderly market in futures on the 
underlying interest, consistency of interpretation and practice, efficiency of settlement of 
delivery obligations arising from physically-settled Security Futures Products, and the 
coordination with other clearing agencies of the clearance and settlement of transactions in the 
underlying security.  The Clearing House may, in addition to determining adjustments to 
Security Futures Products on a case-by-case basis, adopt interpretations having general 
application to specified types of events. Every determination by the Clearing House in respect 
of Security Futures Products pursuant to this Rule shall be within the discretion of the Clearing 
House and shall be conclusive and binding on all investors and not subject to review. The 
following paragraphs of this Rule apply to Security Futures Products based on single equity 
securities only.  
2. 
Whenever there is a dividend, stock dividend, stock distribution, stock split, reverse stock split, 
rights offering, distribution, reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification or similar event in 
respect of any underlying security, or a merger, consolidation, dissolution or liquidation of the 
issuer of any underlying security, the number of Security Futures Product contracts, the unit of 
trading, the settlement price and the underlying security, or any of them, with respect to all 
outstanding Security Futures Products open for trading in the underlying security may be 
adjusted in accordance with this Rule. If the Clearing House does not learn, or does not learn 
in a timely manner, of an event for which the Clearing House would have otherwise made an 
adjustment, the Clearing House shall not be liable for any failure to make such adjustment or 
delay in making such adjustment. In making any adjustment determination, the Clearing House 
shall apply the factors set forth in this Rule in light of the circumstances known to it at the time 
such determination is made. 
3. 
It shall be the general rule that there will be no adjustments to reflect ordinary cash dividends 
or distributions or ordinary stock dividends or distributions (collectively, "ordinary distributions") 
by the issuer of the underlying security. 
4. 
Subject to paragraph 3 of this Rule, it shall be the general rule that in the case of a stock 
dividend, stock distribution or stock split whereby one or more whole numbers of shares of the 
underlying security are issued with respect to each outstanding share, each SFP contract 
covering that underlying security shall be increased by the same number of additional SFP 
contracts as the number of shares issued with respect to each share of the underlying security, 
the last settlement price established immediately before such event shall be proportionately 
reduced, and the unit of trading shall remain the same. 
5. 
Subject to paragraph 3 of this Rule, it shall be the general rule that in the case of a stock 
dividend, stock distribution or stock split whereby other than a whole number of shares of the 
underlying security is issued in respect of each outstanding share, the last settlement price 
established immediately before such event shall be proportionately reduced, and conversely, 
in the case of a reverse stock split or combination of shares, the last settlement price 
established immediately before such event shall be proportionately increased. Whenever the 
settlement price with respect to a stock future has been reduced or increased in accordance 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 4 
with this paragraph, the unit of trading shall be proportionately increased or reduced, as the 
case may be. 
6. 
It shall be the general rule that in the case of any distribution made with respect to shares of an 
underlying security, other than ordinary distributions and other than distributions for which 
adjustments are provided in paragraphs 4 or 5 of this Rule, if the Clearing House determines 
that an adjustment to the terms of Security Futures Products on such underlying security is 
appropriate, (a) the last settlement price established immediately before such event shall be 
reduced by the value per share of the distributed property, in which event the unit of trading 
shall not be adjusted, or alternatively, (b) the unit of trading in effect immediately before such 
event shall be adjusted so as to include the amount of property distributed with respect to the 
number of shares of the underlying security represented by the unit of trading in effect prior to 
such adjustment, in which event the settlement price shall not be adjusted. The Clearing 
House shall, with respect to adjustments under this paragraph or any other paragraph of this 
Rule, have the authority to determine the value of distributed property. 
7. 
In the case of any event for which adjustment is not provided in any of the foregoing 
paragraphs of this Rule, the Clearing House may make such adjustments, if any, with respect 
to the Security Futures Products affected by such event as the Clearing House determines. 
8. 
Adjustments pursuant to this Rule shall as a general rule become effective in respect of 
outstanding Security Futures Products on the "ex-date" established by the primary market for 
the underlying security.  
9. 
It shall be the general rule that (a) all adjustments of the settlement price of an outstanding 
stock future shall be rounded to the nearest adjustment increment, (b) when an adjustment 
causes a settlement price to be equidistant between two adjustment increments, the 
settlement price shall be rounded up to the next highest adjustment increment, (c) all 
adjustments of the unit of trading shall be rounded down to eliminate any fraction, and (d) if the 
unit of trading is rounded down to eliminate a fraction, the adjusted settlement price shall be 
further adjusted, to the nearest adjustment increment, to reflect any diminution in the value of 
the stock future resulting from the elimination of the fraction. 
10. Notwithstanding the general rules set forth in paragraphs 3 through 9 of this Rule or which may 
be set forth as interpretations to this Rule, the Clearing House shall have the power to make 
exceptions in those cases or groups of cases in which, in applying the standards set forth in 
paragraph 1 of this Rule, the Clearing House shall determine such exceptions to be 
appropriate. However, the general rules shall be applied unless the Clearing House 
affirmatively determines to make an exception in a particular case or group of cases. 
INTERPRETATION TO RULE 70110. 
ADJUSTMENTS TO SECURITY FUTURES PRODUCTS 
1. 
(a) Cash dividends or distributions by the issuer of the underlying security that the Clearing 
House believes to have been declared pursuant to a policy or practice of paying such 
dividends or distributions on a quarterly or other regular basis, will, as a general rule, be 
deemed to be “ordinary distributions” within the meaning of paragraph 3 of this Rule.  The 
Clearing House will determine on a case-by-case basis whether other dividends or 
distributions are “ordinary distributions” or whether they are dividends or distributions for which 
an adjustment should be made.  (b) Stock dividends or distributions by the issuer of the 
underlying security that the Clearing House believes to have been declared pursuant to a 
policy or practice of paying such dividends or distributions on a quarterly basis will, as a 
general rule, be deemed to be “ordinary distributions” within the meaning of paragraph 3 of this 
Rule.  The Clearing House will ordinarily adjust for other stock dividends and distributions.  (c) 
Where the Clearing House determines to adjust for a cash or stock dividend or distribution, the 
adjustment shall be made in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Rule.   
2. 
Adjustments will ordinarily be made for rights distributions, except as provided below in the 
case of certain “poison pill” rights.  When an adjustment is made for a rights distribution, the 
unit of trading in effect immediately prior to the distribution will ordinarily be adjusted to include 
the number of rights distributed with respect to the number of shares or other units of the 
underlying security comprising the unit of trading.  If, however, the Clearing House determines 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 3 of 4 
that the rights are due to expire before the time they could be exercised upon delivery under 
the futures contract, then delivery of the rights will not be required.  Instead, the Clearing 
House will ordinarily adjust the last settlement price established before the rights expire to 
reflect the value, if any, of the rights as determined by the Clearing House in its sole discretion.  
Adjustments will not ordinarily be made to reflect the issuance of so-called “poison pill” rights 
that are not immediately exercisable, trade as a unit or automatically with the underlying 
security, and may be redeemed by the issuer.  In the event such rights become exercisable, 
being to trade separately from the underlying security, or are redeemed, the Clearing House 
will determine whether an adjustment is appropriate.   
3. 
Adjustments will not be made to reflect a tender offer or exchange offer to the holders of the 
underlying security, whether such offer is made by the issuer of the underlying security or by a 
third person or whether the offer is for cash, securities or other property. This policy will apply 
without regard to whether the price of the underlying security may be favorably or adversely 
affected by the offer or whether the offer may be deemed to be "coercive." Outstanding 
Security Futures Products ordinarily will be adjusted to reflect a merger, consolidation or 
similar event that becomes effective following the completion of a tender offer or exchange 
offer. 
4. 
Adjustments will not be made to reflect changes in the capital structure of an issuer where all 
of the underlying securities outstanding in the hands of the public (other than dissenters’ 
shares) are not changed into another security, cash or other property. For example, 
adjustments will not be made merely to reflect the issuance (except as a distribution on an 
underlying security) of new or additional debt, stock, or options, warrants or other securities 
convertible into or exercisable for the underlying security, the refinancing of the issuer’s 
outstanding debt, the repurchase by the issuer of less than all of the underlying securities 
outstanding, or the sale by the issuer of significant capital assets. 
5. 
When an underlying security is converted into a right to receive a fixed amount of cash, such 
as in a merger, outstanding Security Futures Products will be adjusted to replace such 
underlying security with such fixed amount of cash as the underlying interest, and the unit of 
trading shall remain unchanged. 
6. 
In the case of a corporate reorganization, reincorporation or similar occurrence by the issuer of 
an underlying security which results in an automatic share-for-share exchange of shares in the 
issuer for shares in the resulting company, Security Futures Products on the underlying 
security will ordinarily be adjusted by replacing such underlying security with a like number of 
units of the shares of the resulting company. Because the securities are generally exchanged 
only on the books of the issuer and the resulting company, and are not generally exchanged 
physically, deliverable shares will ordinarily include certificates that are denominated on their 
face as shares in the original issuer, but which, as a result of the corporate transaction, 
represent shares in the resulting company. 
7. 
When an underlying security is converted in whole or in part into a debt security and/or a 
preferred stock, as in a merger, and interest or dividends on such debt security or preferred 
stock are payable in the form of additional units thereof, outstanding Security Futures Products 
that have been adjusted by replacing the original underlying security with the security into 
which the original underlying security has been converted shall be further adjusted, effective as 
of the ex-date for each payment of interest or dividends thereon, by increasing the unit of 
trading by the number of units of the new underlying security distributed as interest or 
dividends thereon. 
8. 
Notwithstanding this Interpretation of Rule 70110, distributions of short-term and long-term 
capital gains in respect of stock fund shares by the issuer thereof shall not, as a general rule, 
be deemed to be "ordinary dividends or distributions" within the meaning of paragraph 3 of 
Rule 70110, and adjustments of the terms of Security Futures Products on such stock fund 
shares for such distributions shall be made in accordance with applicable provisions of Rule 
70110, unless the Clearing House determines, on a case-by-case basis, not to adjust for such 
a distribution. 
9. 
In the event that a new series of Security Futures Products is introduced with a settlement 
price expressed in decimals and there is an outstanding series of Security Futures Products on 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 4 of 4 
the same underlying security with a settlement price expressed as a fraction that could be 
expressed in whole cents, the Clearing House may restate the settlement price of the 
outstanding series as its equivalent decimal price. If the settlement price for the outstanding 
series is a fraction that cannot be expressed in whole cents, the settlement price may not be 
restated as a decimal. 
70120. 
UNAVAILABILITY OR INACCURACY OF FINAL SETTLEMENT PRICE 
1. 
If the Clearing House shall determine that the primary market(s) for the underlying security in 
respect of a maturing stock future did not open or remain open for trading at or before the time 
when the final settlement price for such futures would ordinarily be determined, or that the 
price or other value used to determine the final settlement price is unreported or otherwise 
unavailable, then, in addition to any other actions that the Clearing House may be entitled to 
take under the Rules, the Clearing House shall be empowered to do any or all of the following 
with respect to maturing futures affected by such event ("affected futures"): 
(a) The Clearing House may suspend the time for making the final variation payment with 
respect to affected futures and, in the case of physically-settled Security Futures Products, 
may postpone the delivery date. At such time as the Clearing House determines that the 
required price or other value is available or the Clearing House has fixed the final 
settlement price pursuant to subparagraph (a) or (b) of this Rule, the Clearing House shall 
fix a new date for making the final variation payment and may fix a new delivery date for 
physically-settled Security Futures Products.  
(b) The Clearing House may fix the final settlement price for affected futures, based on its 
judgment as to what is appropriate for the protection of investors and the public interest, 
taking into account such factors as fairness to buyers and sellers of affected futures, the 
maintenance of a fair and orderly market in such futures, and consistency of interpretation 
and practice. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Clearing House may, if it 
deems such action appropriate for the protection of investors and the public interest, fix 
the final settlement price on the basis of the reported price of the underlying security or 
reported level of the underlying index at the close of regular trading hours (as determined 
by the Clearing House) on the last preceding trading day for which a closing stock price or 
index level was reported by the reporting authority.  
2. 
The Clearing House may fix the final settlement price for affected futures using the opening 
prices of the relevant security or securities when the primary market(s) reopen. In that case, 
the date for making the final variation payment for the affected futures shall be postponed until 
the business day next following the day on which the final settlement price is fixed; and, in the 
case of physically-settled Security Futures Products, the delivery date shall also be postponed 
accordingly.  
3. 
Every determination of the Clearing House pursuant to this Section shall be within the 
discretion of the Clearing House and shall be conclusive and binding on all investors and not 
subject to review. Unless the Clearing House directs otherwise, the price of an underlying 
security and the current index value of an underlying index as initially reported by the relevant 
reporting authority shall be conclusively presumed to be accurate and shall be deemed final for 
the purpose of determining settlement prices and the final settlement price, even if such price 
or value is subsequently revised or determined to have been inaccurate. 
INTERPRETATION TO RULE 70120. 
UNAVAILABILITY OR INACCURACY OF FINAL SETTLMENT PRICE 
The Clearing House will not adjust officially reported stock prices for final settlement purposes, 
even if those prices or values are subsequently found to have been erroneous, except in 
extraordinary circumstances. Such circumstances might be found to exist where, for example, the 
closing price or current index value as initially reported is clearly erroneous and inconsistent with 
prices or values reported earlier in the same trading day, and a corrected closing price or current 
index value is promptly announced by the reporting authority. In no event will a completed 
settlement be adjusted due to errors in officially reported stock prices or current index values. 
(End of Chapter 701) 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 2 
 
Chapter 710 
Physically Delivered Single Security Futures 
71000. 
SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
This chapter is limited in application to contract specifications applied to security futures contracts 
that require the physical delivery of a single security (a “Physically Delivered Single Security 
Futures”).  Single securities that are eligible for listing per this Chapter 710 include those that 
meeting the initial listing standards per Exchange Rule 70001 and the maintenance listing 
standards per Exchange Rule 70002. 
71001. 
FUTURES CALL 
71001.A. 
Trading Unit 
Physically Delivered Single Security Futures contracts shall require the delivery of a particular 
number of shares, as specified per Rule 71004, of common stock; an exchange traded fund (“ETF 
Share”); a trust issued receipt (“TIR”); a registered closed-end management investment company 
(“Closed-End Fund Share”); or, American Depository Receipts (“ADR”).  
71001.B. 
Price Increments 
Physically Delivered Single Security Futures contracts shall be traded in U.S. Dollars with a 
minimum price increment as determined by the Board of Directors as depicted in Rule 71004. 
71001.C. 
Trading Schedule  
Physically Delivered Single Security Futures contracts may be traded during such hours, for 
delivery in such months as determined by the Board of Directors.   
71001.D. 
Termination of Trading 
All trading in a particular Physically Delivered Single Security Futures contract shall terminate at the 
close of business on the third Friday of the contract month.   
71001.E. 
Position Limits  
Position limits shall be applied on Physically Delivered Single Security Futures contracts such that, 
during the last five trading days of an expiring contract month, a person shall not own or control 
more than a specified number of contracts net long or net short in the expiring contract month, as 
depicted in Exchange Rule 71004.  Position limits for each Physically Delivered Single Security 
Futures contract shall be determined on a case-by-case basis at levels no greater than those 
prescribed by CFTC Regulation §41.25(a)(3).   
71001.F. 
 
Price Limits and Trading Halts 
There is no daily price limit for Physically Delivered Single Security Futures contracts.  Trading of 
Physically Delivered Single Security Futures shall be halted at all times that a regulatory halt, as 
defined per SEC Rule 6h-1(a)(3) and CFTC Regulation §41.1(l), has been instituted for the 
underlying security. 
71002. 
SETTLEMENT PRICE 
71002.A. 
Daily Settlement Price 
Except for the last day of trading on an expiring contract, daily settlement prices shall be 
determined per Rule 813.   
71002.B. 
Final Settlement Price 
On the last day of trading for an expiring contract, the Final Settlement Price is determined in 
accordance with Rule 71002.A. unless the Final Settlement Price is fixed in accordance with Rule 
70120. 
71003. 
DELIVERY  
Three (3) business days after the last trading day for an expiring contract, the National Securities 
Clearing Corporation and Depository Trust Corporation will facilitate delivery of, and payment for, 
the underlying common stock, American Depository Receipts, shares of exchange-traded funds, 
shares of closed-end management investment companies, or trust issued receipts whereby: a 
seller (i.e., the holder of a net short position) delivers the securities underlying the contract to a 
respective buyer (i.e., the holder of a net long position); and, in exchange, that buyer pays his 
respective seller the aggregate dollar amount of the Expiration Day Settlement Price multiplied by 
the quantity of the underlying securities delivered.  


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 2 
 
71004. 
APPROVED SECURITIES 
The following securities have been approved by the Board of Directors as the subject of Physically 
Delivered Single Security Futures Contracts:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
71005. 
[RESERVED] 
 
 
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES 
RELATING TO CHAPTER 710 
 
Standard & Poor's, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. (“S&P”), does not guarantee the accuracy 
and/or completeness of the S&P Stock Indices or any data included therein.  S&P makes no warranty, 
express or implied, as to the results to be obtained by any person or any entity from the use of the S&P 
Index ETFs or any data included therein in connection with the trading of futures contracts, options on 
futures contracts or any other use.  S&P makes no express or implied warranties, and expressly disclaims 
all warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use with respect to the S&P Index 
ETFs or any data included therein.  Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall S&P have any 
liability for any special, punitive, indirect, or consequential damages (including lost profits), even if notified of 
the possibility of such damages. 
 
NEITHER FRANK RUSSELL COMPANY’S PUBLICATION OF THE RUSSELL INDEXES NOR ITS 
LICENSING OF ITS TRADEMARKS FOR USE IN CONNECTION WITH SECURITIES OR OTHER 
FINANCIAL PRODUCTS DERIVED FROM A RUSSELL INDEX IN ANY WAY SUGGESTS OR IMPLIES A 
REPRESENTATION OR OPINION BY FRANK RUSSELL COMPANY AS TO THE ATTRACTIVENESS OF 
INVESTMENT IN ANY SECURITIES OR OTHER FINANCIAL PRODUCTS BASED UPON OR DERIVED 
FROM ANY RUSSELL INDEX.  FRANK RUSSELL COMPANY IS NOT THE ISSUER OF ANY SUCH 
SECURITIES OR OTHER FINANCIAL PRODUCTS AND MAKES NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED 
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE WITH 
RESPECT TO ANY RUSSELL INDEX OR ANY DATA INCLUDED OR REFLECTED THEREIN, NOR AS 
TO RESULTS TO BE OBTAINED BY ANY PERSON OR ANY ENTITY FROM THE USE OF THE RUSSELL 
INDEX OR ANY DATA INCLUDED OR REFLECTED THEREIN. 
 
Approved Security 
Unit of Trading 
Minimum 
Fluctuation 
Position Limit 
in Expiring 
Contract in Last 
5 Trading Days 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 5 
Chapter 900 
Interest Rate Products 
 
90001. SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
The scope of this Chapter is limited in application to IRS Products.  The procedures for trading IRS 
Products and for clearing and settling IRS Contracts and any other matters not specifically covered 
herein shall be governed by the other Chapters of these Rules, including Chapter 8-G (Interest Rate 
Derivative Clearing), to the extent applicable. 
Capitalized terms in this Chapter that are not otherwise defined in this Chapter shall have the meanings 
given to such terms in the other Chapters of the Rules.  Capitalized terms in this Chapter that are not 
otherwise defined in either this Chapter or the other Chapters of the Rules shall have the meanings set 
forth in the ISDA Definitions or the FX Definitions, as applicable. 
90002. DEFINITIONS 
90002.A. 
Acceptance Conditions 
With respect to an IRS Contract, the acceptance for clearing by both IRS Clearing Members of an IRS 
Product submitted for clearing and the acceptance by the Clearing House of such IRS Product for 
clearing. 
90002.B. 
Acceptance Date 
With respect to an IRS Contract, the date on which the Acceptance Conditions are satisfied. 
90002.C. 
Acceptance Time 
With respect to an IRS Contract, the time at which the Acceptance Conditions are satisfied. 
90002.D. 
Clearing Business Day 
With respect to an IRS Contract, any day on which the Clearing House is open to process and settle 
IRS Contracts. 
90002.E. 
Clearing Effective Date 
With respect to an IRS Contract:  
(a) 
where the Acceptance Time for such IRS Contract is prior to 7.00 p.m. (Eastern Time) on a 
Clearing Business Day, the Acceptance Date for such IRS Contract; and 
(b) 
where the Acceptance Time for such IRS Contract is on or after 7.00 p.m. (Eastern Time) on a 
Clearing Business Day, the Clearing Business Day immediately following the Acceptance Date 
for such IRS Contract. 
90002.F. 
 
Contract Elections for IRS Swaps 
With respect to an IR Swap accepted for clearing by the Clearing House as an IR Swap Contract that is 
not an Underlying IR Swap Contract, each of the following elections shall be made by an IRS 
Participant for such IR Swap:  Effective Date, Notional Amount(s) (which may be constant or variable, 
including amortizing, accreting and roller coaster), Currency, Business Day(s), Business Day 
Convention, Termination Date and any Business Day Convention adjustment, Payment Dates, Fixed 
Rate, Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction, Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity, Spread, Floating Rate 
Day Count Fraction, Compounding, Floating Rate for Initial Floating Rate Payer Calculation Period,  
Initial Exchange Amount (if any), Initial Exchange Amount payer (if any) and whether the IRS Clearing 
Participant is acting as a Floating Amount Payer or a Fixed Amount Payer, whether the Clearing House 
is acting as a Floating  Amount Payer or a Fixed Amount Payer, Cash Settlement Currency, Settlement 
Currency (within the meaning of the FX Definitions) and Reference Currency (within the meaning of the 
FX Definitions) (if any). 
Where IRS Participants elect a Reference Currency that is different to the Settlement Currency, IRS 
Participants may elect any or all of the following: Reference Currency, Reference Currency Notional 
Amount, Settlement Date, Valuation Date, and any Business Day Convention applicable to such 
Valuation Date. 
90002.G. 
Contract Elections for IR Swaptions and Underlying IR Swap Contracts 
With respect to an IR Swaption accepted for clearing by the Clearing House as an IR Swaption 
Contract, each of the following elections shall be made by an IRS Participant for such IR Swaption:  
Effective Date, whether such IR Swaption is a Put Swaption or a Call Swaption, whether such IR 
Swaption is part of an IR Swaption Straddle, IR Swaption Premium, Premium Payment Date (if 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 5 
applicable), Business Day Convention for Premium Payment Date (if applicable), IR Swaption 
Expiration Date, Business Day Convention for Expiration Date, whether Partial Exercise is applicable 
and whether such IRS Participant is the Seller or Buyer of such IR Swaption. 
With respect to an IR Swaption accepted for clearing by the Clearing House as an IR Swaption 
Contract, each of the following elections shall be made by an IRS Participant for the Underlying IR 
Swap Contract:  Effective Date, Notional Amount(s) (which may be constant or variable, including 
amortizing, accreting and roller coaster), Currency, Business Day(s), Business Day Convention, 
Termination Date and any Business Day Convention adjustment, Fixed Amount Payer Payment Dates, 
Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction, Floating Amount Payer Payment Dates, Floating Rate Option, 
Designated Maturity and Floating Rate Day Count Fraction.  If the IR Swaption is part of an IR Swaption 
Straddle, each of the foregoing elections shall be made by an IRS Participant with respect to both 
Underlying IR Swap Contracts. 
90002.H. 
Termination Date 
In respect of (i) any IRS designated as an IRS Product, other than an IRS that is an Underlying IR Swap 
Contract, the Termination Date of such IRS shall occur no later than 51 years and 10 calendar days 
after the Clearing Business Day on which such IRS is submitted for clearing to the Clearing House and 
(ii) any IRS designated as an IRS Product that is an Underlying IR Swap Contract, the Termination Date 
of such IRS shall occur no later than 30 years and 10 calendar days following the Effective Date for 
such Underlying IR Swap Contract. 
90002.I.  
IRS  
An IR Swap or an IR Swaption. 
90002.J. 
 
Interest Rate Swap (“IR Swap”) 
A contract that provides for the exchange, on specified payment dates, of cash payments (on a net or 
gross basis) determined by reference to a predetermined notional amount or notional amounts, one or 
both of which payments is/are based on a floating or variable reference interest rate or interest rate 
index.  
90002.K. 
Interest Rate Swap Option (“IR Swaption”) 
A contract in which the Seller grants the Buyer the right, but not the obligation, to cause the Underlying 
IR Swap Contract to become effective on the terms set out in accordance with this Chapter. 
90002.L  
 
IR Swaption Straddle 
An IR Swaption which comprises two Underlying IR Swap Contracts, one of which is a Put Swaption 
and the other of which is a Call Swaption. 
90002.M.  
Put Swaption 
An IR Swaption where the Buyer holds the right to cause the Underlying IR Swap Contract to be 
effective, in respect of which Buyer is the Fixed Amount Payer and the Seller is the Floating Amount 
Payer. 
90002.N.  
Call Swaption 
An IR Swaption where the Buyer holds the right to cause the Underlying IR Swap Contract to be 
effective, in respect of which Buyer is the Floating Amount Payer and the Seller is the Fixed Amount 
Payer. 
90002.O.  
IRS Clearing Member 
An IR Swap Clearing Member or an IRS Swaptions Clearing Member. 
90002.P.  
IR Swap Clearing Member 
A Clearing Member of the Clearing House that is authorized to submit IR Swap Products for clearing 
pursuant to these Rules. 
90002.Q.  
IR Swaption Clearing Member 
A Clearing Member of the Clearing House that is authorized to submit IR Swaption Products for clearing 
pursuant to these Rules. 
90002.R.  
IRS Contract  
An IR Swap Contract or an IR Swaption Contract. 
90002.S.  
IR Swap Contract  
An IR Swap Product that has been accepted for clearing by the Clearing House.  
90002.T.  
IR Swaption Contract  


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 5 
An IR Swaption Product that has been accepted for clearing by the Clearing House.  
90002.U.  
IRS Participant  
A market participant on whose behalf an IRS Clearing Member holds a position in an IRS Contract. 
90002.V.  
IRS Product  
An IR Swap Product or an IR Swaption Product. 
90002.W.  
IR Swap Product  
At any time, an IR Swap that the Clearing House has designated as eligible for clearing at such time. 
90002.X. 
 IR Swaption Product  
At any time, an IR Swaption that the Clearing House has designated as eligible for clearing, and which 
is exercisable into an IR Swap that the Clearing House has designated as eligible for clearing, in each 
case at such time. 
90002.Y. 
ISDA 
The International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.  
90002.Z. 
 
ISDA Definitions 
The 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, as published by ISDA from time to time. 
References to the “2006 ISDA Definitions” shall be references to the 2006 ISDA Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions, as published by ISDA from time to time. 
90002.AA. 
FX Definitions 
The 1998 FX and Currency Option Definitions as published by ISDA, The Emerging Markets Trading 
Association, Inc., and the Foreign Exchange Committee. 
90002.BB.  
Underlying IR Swap Contract  
For a given IR Swaption, the IR Swap into which such IR Swaption is exercisable on the terms set out in 
accordance with this Chapter. 
90003. NOTICES  
Any notice, document, communication, filing or form to be served on, filed with, made to or provided by 
the Clearing House to an IRS Clearing Member pursuant to these Rules or in relation to any IRS 
Contract or IRS Product shall be served, filed, made or provided in accordance with these Rules and 
the relevant procedures set forth in the Clearing House Manual from time to time. 
Any notice, document, communication, filing or form to be served on, filed with, made to or provided to 
the Clearing House pursuant to these Rules or in relation to any IRS Contract or IRS Product shall be 
served, filed, made or provided in accordance with these Rules and the relevant procedures set forth in 
the Clearing House Manual from time to time. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Rules, for so long as the Clearing House is unable to 
receive or deliver, or an IRS Clearing Member is unable to deliver, any notice as a result of a failure, 
malfunction, suspension or termination of all or any part of any of the relevant Clearing House systems, 
the time periods for delivery of any such notice will be tolled and any applicable delivery deadlines shall 
be extended accordingly. 
90004. ISDA DISCLAIMER  
ISDA® bears no responsibility or liability arising from the reproduction, public display, incorporation, 
dissemination or reference to all or any of the ISDA Definitions or the 2006 ISDA Definitions. © 2021 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
ISDA® and EMTA bear no responsibility or liability arising from the reproduction, public display, 
incorporation, dissemination or reference to all or any of the FX Definitions. © 1998 International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc., Emerging Markets Traders Association, The Foreign Exchange 
Committee. 
90005. REGISTRATION 
90005.A. 
IRS Clearing Members 
An IRS Clearing Member must register with CME in order to clear IRS Contracts through the Clearing 
House. IRS Clearing Members and IRS Participants must complete all applicable on-boarding 
agreements required by the Clearing House to satisfy the registration process. 
90005.B. 
IRS Participants 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 4 of 5 
In order for an IRS Participant to participate in the clearing of IRS Contracts through the Clearing 
House, such IRS Participant’s IRS Clearing Member must register the account of such IRS Participant 
with CME prior to submitting IRS Products on behalf of such Participant for clearing by the Clearing 
House and shall comply with any requirements of Rule 8G09. 
 
90005.C  
Eligible Contract Participant 
In order to transact in IRS Contracts, an IRS Participant must be an "eligible contract participant" 
pursuant to at least one of the applicable limbs of the definition provided in Section 1a(18) of the 
Commodity Exchange Act ("ECP").  An IRS Clearing Member that clears IRS Contracts must obtain a 
representation from each IRS Participant for which it provides clearing services that such IRS 
Participant is, and will be, an ECP at all times clearing services are provided for such IRS Participant. If 
an IRS Clearing Member becomes aware that an IRS Participant for which it provides clearing services 
no longer qualifies as an ECP, such IRS Clearing Member must notify the Clearing House and work 
with such IRS Participant to close out such IRS Participant’s open IRS Contracts as soon as possible.  
Violations of this Rule may subject the relevant IRS Clearing Member to fines and other disciplinary 
action. 
90005.D. 
Identification of IRS Contracts 
Each IRS Contract shall be identified with an account number which identifies the originator of such 
IRS, and which specifies whether such IRS Contract is (i) a proprietary transaction of an IRS Clearing 
Member duly registered with the Clearing House or (ii) a transaction by an IRS Participant duly 
registered with the Clearing House.  
90006. SUBMISSION OF INTEREST RATE PRODUCTS TO THE CLEARING HOUSE 
90006.A. 
IRS Product Submission Methods 
IRS Products shall be submitted to the Clearing House for clearing through (a) the CME ClearPort GUI 
and API, (b) the Clearing House migration utility, or (c) any other facility or trade platform approved by 
the Clearing House from time to time. To the extent not specified elsewhere in these Rules, the Clearing 
House shall specify the terms and conditions under which IRS Products shall be submitted to the 
Clearing House for clearing.  
90006.B. 
Acceptance of IRS by the Clearing House and Creation of IRS Contract 
Any bilateral IRS (i) that is submitted to the Clearing House in accordance with the Rules and with all 
required elections, (ii) that satisfies the conditions in Rule 8G05, (iii) that is within the IRS product scope 
available on the Clearing House’s website and (iv) where both IRS Clearing Members have accepted 
the resulting IRS Contracts, will be accepted for clearing and will result in two IRS Contracts in 
accordance with Rule 8G05. 
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in the Rules or in the Exchange User License Agreement 
(as may be amended from time to time), the parties to a bilateral IRS transaction submitted for clearing 
and which has not been accepted for clearing by the Clearing House pursuant to these Rules may 
separately agree that such trade is a valid, binding agreement between the parties which is un-cleared 
and which has no affiliation with the Clearing House. 
90007. INTERPRETATION 
For the purposes of any IRS Contract, references in the ISDA Definitions or the 2006 ISDA Definitions 
to: 
(a)  
a "Confirmation" shall be deemed to be references to the terms of the relevant IRS Contract;  
(b) 
a “Transaction” or "Swap Transaction", as applicable, shall be deemed to be references to the 
relevant IRS Contract, where such IRS contract is an IRS: and 
  
 (c) 
a “Swaption” shall be deemed to be references to the relevant IR Swaption Contract. 
90008. IRS COUPON BLENDING 
 
In respect of eligible IRS Contracts only, the Clearing House will allow IRS Participants to elect to have 
the Clearing House reduce the number of eligible IRS Contracts of each such IRS Participant through a 
compression process that will replace similar cleared IRS Contracts executed at the same or different 
fixed rates with zero or more replacement IRS Contracts that have Fixed Rate(s) equal to the blended 
rate(s) determined through the coupon blending process. The coupon blending process will result in a 
compression of the IRS Participant’s portfolio of eligible IRS Contracts by reducing the number of 
transactions and/or the aggregate gross notional of the combined eligible IRS Contracts. The combined 
cash flows of the replacement IRS Contracts will be the same as the combined cash flows of the 
original eligible IRS Contracts. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 5 of 5 
 
 
 
 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 5 
Chapter 901 
Interest Rate Swaps Contract Terms 
 
90101. SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
The terms and conditions of each IRS Contract shall be defined by this Chapter, as supplemented by 
the ISDA Definitions (and where a Reference Currency is specified, the FX Definitions) and the relevant 
Contract Elections, and as further supplemented and amended by provisions of these Rules. 
Capitalized terms in this Chapter that are not otherwise defined in either this Chapter or the other 
Chapters of the Rules shall have the meanings set forth in the ISDA Definitions (and where a Reference 
Currency is specified, the FX Definitions (and in the event of any inconsistency between the FX 
Definitions and the ISDA Definitions, the ISDA Definitions will govern other than for the purposes of the 
settlement provisions)). 
90102. CONTRACT TERMS  
90102.A. 
Calculation Agent   
With respect to an IRS Contract, the Clearing House shall be the sole Calculation Agent for all 
purposes.  The Calculation Agent shall not be required to consult with the parties to an IRS Contract 
prior to making any determination. 
90102.B. 
Settlement Currency 
Each IRS Contract shall specify a currency of settlement. Unless a Reference Currency is specified, all 
calculations and determinations shall be made with reference to the specified currency, and all 
payments shall be due in such currency.  
90102B.1. 
Non-Deliverable Swap Settlement Currency 
With respect to a Non-Deliverable Interest Rate Swap Transaction (“NDIRSs”), where a Reference 
Currency is specified, all calculations and determinations shall be made by reference to the Reference 
Currency but settlement shall be due in the Settlement Currency.   
90102.C. 
Initial Payments  
If an Initial Exchange Amount payer and an Initial Exchange Amount are specified in the Confirmation of 
an IRS Contract, the Initial Exchange Amount payer shall pay to the Clearing House an amount equal to 
such Initial Exchange Amount on the Business Day immediately following the relevant Clearing 
Effective Date; provided that if the Initial Exchange Amount is equal to or greater than $100,000,000 (or 
its equivalent) for such IRS Product or group of IRS Products submitted at the same time for clearing, 
then such Initial Exchange Amount shall be due at or prior to the Acceptance Time.  
90102.D. 
Reset Date 
With respect to an IRS Contract, the Reset Date shall be the first day of each Calculation Period. 
90102.E. 
Rate Options 
90102.E.1.  
Interest Rate Swaps Rate Options 
With respect to an IRS Contract, the Floating Rate Option elected by the IRS Clearing Participant in 
accordance with Rule 90002.F from the following Floating Rate Options names specified in the 2006 
ISDA Definitions or Floating Rate Options names specified in the ISDA Definitions Floating Rate Matrix, 
or combination of rate options: 
 
2006 ISDA Definitions Floating Rate Option (“FRO”) 
Name 
2021 ISDA Definitions FRO Name 
1.  
USD-LIBOR-BBA 
USD-LIBOR 
****As set out in CME Clearing Advisory Notice 23-096, effective July 3, 2023, CME will cease to accept for 
clearing IRS Contracts referencing USD-LIBOR-BBA or USD-LIBOR except where the start date of such swap 
is on or after July 3, 2023. 
2.  
USD-Federal Funds-H.15-OIS-COMPOUND 
USD-Federal Funds-OIS Compound 
3.  
USD-Federal Funds-H. 15 
USD-Federal Funds 
4.  
EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters 
EUR-EURIBOR 
5.  
EUR-EURIBOR-Telerate (as defined in the 2000 ISDA 
Definitions, as published by ISDA) 
Not applicable 
6. 
GBP-LIBOR-BBA* 
GBP-LIBOR*  


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 5 
 *As set out in CME Clearing Advisory Notice 21-434, effective January 4, 2022, CME will cease to 
accept for clearing IRS Contracts referencing GBP-LIBOR-BBA or GBP-LIBOR except where the start 
date of such swap is on or after January 4, 2022. 
7. 
GBP-SONIA-COMPOUND 
GBP-SONIA-OIS Compound 
8. 
JPY-LIBOR-BBA** 
JPY-LIBOR**  
 **As set out in CME Clearing Advisory Notice 21-434, effective January 4, 2022, CME will cease to 
accept for clearing IRS Contracts referencing JPY-LIBOR-BBA or JPY-LIBOR except where the start 
date of such swap is on or after January 4, 2022. 
9.  
JPY-TONA-OIS-COMPOUND 
JPY-TONA-OIS Compound 
10. 
CHF-LIBOR-BBA*** 
CHF-LIBOR***  
 ***As set out in CME Clearing Advisory Notice 21-434, effective January 3, 2022, CME will cease to 
accept for clearing IRS Contracts referencing CHF-LIBOR-BBA or CHF-LIBOR except where the start 
date of such swap is on or after January 3, 2022.  
11.  
CAD-BA-CDOR 
CAD-CDOR 
12. 
CAD-CORRA-OIS-COMPOUND 
CAD-CORRA-OIS Compound 
13. 
AUD-BBR-BBSW 
AUD-BBSW 
14.  
AUD-AONIA-OIS-COMPOUND 
AUD-AONIA-OIS Compound 
15.  
SEK-STIBOR-SIDE 
SEK-STIBOR 
16. 
DKK-CIBOR-DKNA13 
DKK-CIBOR 
17. 
DKK-CIBOR2-DKNA13 
DKK-CIBOR2 
18. 
NOK-NIBOR-NIBR 
NOK-NIBOR 
19. 
NOK-NIBOR-OIBOR 
NOK-NIBOR 
20. 
HKD-HIBOR-HKAB 
HKD-HIBOR 
21. 
NZD-BBR-FRA 
NZD-BKBM FRA 
22. 
HUF-BUBOR-Reuters 
HUF-BUBOR 
23. 
PLN-WIBOR-WIBO 
PLN-WIBOR 
24. 
CZK-PRIBOR-PRBO 
CZK-PRIBOR 
25. 
ZAR-JIBAR-SAFEX 
ZAR-JIBAR 
26. 
MXN-TIIE-Banxico 
MXN-TIIE 
27. 
USD-SOFR-COMPOUND 
USD-SOFR-OIS Compound 
28. 
EUR-EuroSTR-COMPOUND 
EUR-EuroSTR-OIS Compound 
29. 
CHF-SARON-OIS-COMPOUND  
CHF-SARON-OIS Compound 
30. 
USD-BSBY  
USD-BSBY  
31. 
Not supported  
SGD-SORA-OIS Compound  
32. 
Not supported 
MXN-TIIE ON-OIS Compound 
33. 
Not supported 
PLN-WIRON-OIS Compound 
 
With respect to an IRS Contract where an ISDA 2006 Definitions Floating Rate Option name from the 
table in this Rule 90102.E.1 is elected by the IRS Clearing Participant for an IRS Contract, for the 
purposes of clearing the IRS Contract the Clearing House shall apply the corresponding 2021 ISDA 
Definitions Floating Rate Option from the table in this Rule 90102.E.1 as the elected Floating Rate 
Option for the IRS Contract. 
90102.E.2.  
Non-Deliverable Swap Rate Options  
With respect to NDIRSs, the Rate Option elected by the IRS Clearing Participant in accordance with 
Rule 90002.F from the following Rate Options or combination of Rate Options: 
1. 
BRL-CDI (in which case the rate for a Reset Date will be The Overnight Brazilian Interbank 
Deposit Rate Annualized known as the average (“Media”) of the DI-OVER-EXTRA Grupo as 
published by The Câmara de Custódia e Liquidação as of no later than 12:00 pm on the next Brazil 
business Day provided that any adjustments made by The Câmara de Custódia e Liquidação to 
such rate, if made any time later than the end of the Business Day on such Reset Date, shall not be 
taken into account by the parties. If BRL-CDI is not published, the Rate Option shall instead by (in 
the following order of priority): (i) the overnight deposit rate published for the relevant date by the 
Bolsa de Mercadorias & Futuros; or (ii) determined by the Calculation Agent.) 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 5 
2. 
KRW-CD-KSDA-Bloomberg Bloomberg (2006 ISDA Definitions Rate Option Name) / KRW-CD 
(2021 ISDA Definitions Floating Rate Option Name) 
3. 
INR-FBIL-MIBOR-OIS-COMPOUND (2006 ISDA Definitions Rate Option Name) / INR-MIBOR-
OIS-Compound (2021 ISDA Definitions Floating Rate Option Name) 
4. 
CNY-CNREPOFIX=CFXS-Reuters (2006 ISDA Definitions Rate Option Name) / CNY-
CNREPOFIX (2021 ISDA Definitions Floating Rate Option Name) 
5. 
CLP-TNA (2006 ISDA Definitions Rate Option Name) / CLP-ICP (2021 ISDA Definitions 
Floating Rate Option Name) 
6. 
COP-IBR-OIS-COMPOUND (2006 ISDA Definitions Rate Option Name) / COP-IBR-OIS 
Compound (2021 ISDA Definitions Floating Rate Option Name) 
90102.F.  
Settlement Rate Option 
With respect to NDIRSs listed in 90102.E.2., the Settlement Rate Option as applicable shall be: 
(a) BRL.PTAX/BRL09 
(b) KRW.KFTC18/KRW02 
(c) INR.FBIL/INR01 
(d) CNY.SAEC/CNY01 
(e) CLP.DOLAR.OBS/CLP10 
(f) COP.TRM/COP02 
 
90102.G.  
Final Settlement Price 
If the specified Settlement Rate Option is unavailable for determination of a Final Settlement Price, then 
such Final Settlement Price shall be determined in accordance with the applicable disruption fallback 
alternatives for the determination of the Settlement Rate, as set forth in the Relevant EMTA Template.  
If such disruption fallback alternatives fail to provide a Settlement Rate, then such Final Settlement 
Price shall be determined by the Exchange, in its role as Calculation Agent. 
90102.H.  
Application of Permanent Cessation Fallbacks 
Subject to the other chapters of or provisions of or made under these Rules and subject to and without 
prejudice to any specific actions determined by the Clearing House in its sole and absolute discretion, if 
a Permanent Cessation Trigger occurs with respect to any Floating Rate Option referenced under an 
IRS Contract, CME will apply any applicable Permanent Cessation Fallback under the ISDA Definitions 
mutatis mutandis with respect to each affected IRS Contract from the date set out in the applicable 
Permanent Cessation Fallback or, if no such date is set out in the Permanent Cessation Fallback and 
the permanent Cessation Trigger is an Index Cessation Event, from the Index Cessation Effective Date, 
in accordance with the ISDA Definitions.  
90103. CONTRACT MODIFICATIONS 
90103.A. 
 CME Rules 
The terms of IRS Contracts may be modified by CME in accordance with the Rules, with such 
modification to become part of these Rules and to be applicable to all IRS Contracts that are entered 
into subsequent to the relevant date of modification.   
90103.B. 
 Change in Law or Regulation 
If any governmental agency or body with jurisdiction over CME issues an order, ruling, directive or law 
that conflicts with the requirements of these Rules, CME shall make such amendments and 
modifications to these Rules as it deems appropriate in its sole discretion in order to reflect the 
application of such order, ruling, directive or law, and such changes to these Rules shall be applicable 
to all IRS Contracts that are open as of, or entered into subsequent to, the relevant effective date of the 
order, ruling, directive or law.  
90104.  BRL INTEREST RATE SWAPS CONTRACT TERMS  
 
90104.A.  
Scope of Chapter  
 
The scope of this Chapter is limited in application to IRS Products in respect of which BRL-CDI has 
been elected as the Rate Option. Capitalized terms in this Chapter that are not otherwise defined in this 
Chapter shall have the meanings given to such terms in the other Chapters of the Rules. Capitalized 
terms in this Chapter that are not otherwise defined in either this Chapter or the other Chapters of the 
Rules shall have the meanings set forth in the FX Definitions. In respect of any BRL IRS Contract and 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 4 of 5 
any inconsistency between the FX Definitions and the ISDA Definitions, the ISDA Definitions will govern 
other than for the purposes of the settlement provisions. 
 
90104.B.  
DEFINITIONS  
 
90104.B.1. 
BRL IRS Contract  
 
An IRS Product that (i) has been accepted for clearing by the Clearing House, and (ii) in respect of 
which BRL-CDI has been elected as the Floating Rate Option. 
 
90104.B.2. 
Calculation Days 
 
As of the Trade Date, the number of Brazil Business Days from and including the Effective Date to but 
excluding the Termination Date. 
 
90104.B.3. 
Brazil Business Day 
 
90104.B.4. 
Unscheduled Holiday 
 
A day that is not a Business Day and the market was not aware of such fact (by means of a public 
announcement or by reference to other publicly available information) until a time later than 9:00am São 
Paulo time two Business Days prior to the relevant Payment Date, 
 
90104.C. 
FURTHER TERMS OF BRL IRS CONTRACTS 
 
Each BRL IRS Contract shall be further supplemented and amended with the following provisions of this 
Rule 90104.C. 
90104.C.1.  
Non-Deliverable 
Settlement shall be Non-Deliverable. 
90104.C.2.  
Notionals 
The parties shall specify a Trade Date Present Value Notional Amount and a Termination Date Future 
Value Notional Amount, and for the purposes of determining the Floating Amount, references in the 
ISDA Definitions to Notional Amount shall be deemed to be references to the Trade Date Present Value 
Notional Amount. 
90104.C.3. 
 Reset Date 
The Reset Date shall be each Business Day from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the 
Termination Date. 
90104.C.4. 
Business Day 
For the purposes of the definition of Business Day: 
(a) the relevant places for the purposes of the definition of Reset Date shall be Brazil Business Day; 
(b) the relevant places for the purposes of the definition of Valuation Date shall be Brazil Business Day 
and New York;  
(c) the relevant places for the purposes of the definition of Payment Dates shall be Brazil Business 
Day and New York, provided however that in the event of an Unscheduled Holiday following the Trade 
Date, it shall be New York only; and 
(d) the relevant places for the purposes of all other definition shall be Brazil Business Day. 
90104.C.5.  
Settlement Currency and Reference Currency 
The Settlement Currency shall be USD and the Reference Currency shall be BRL. 
90104.C.6.  
Settlement Rate Option 
The Settlement Rate Option shall be BRL PTAX/BRL09. 
90104.C.7.  
Payment Date 
The Payment Date shall be one Business Day after the Termination Date. 
90104.C.8.  
Floating Rate Day Count Fraction 
The Floating Rate Day Count Fraction shall be Calculation Days /252 (the actual number of Calculation 
Days in the relevant Calculation Period or Compounding Period in respect of which payment is being 
made divided by 252). 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 5 of 5 
90104.C.9.  
Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction 
The Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction shall be Calculation Days/252 (the actual number of Calculation 
Days in the relevant Calculation Period or Compounding Period in respect of which payment is being 
made divided by 252). 
90104.C.10. 
 Fixed Amount 
The Fixed Amount shall be the Trade Date Present Value Notional Amount * [(1+Fixed Rate) ^ (Fixed 
Rate Day Count Fraction)]. 
90104.C.11.  
Compounding 
Compounding shall be applicable, and in the definition of Compounding Date in the ISDA Definitions, 
the reference to “each day” shall be deemed to be a reference to “each Business Day”. 
 
90104.C.12.  
Deferral Period for Unscheduled Holiday 
In the event that the Scheduled Valuation Date becomes subject to the Following Business Day 
Convention, and if the Valuation Date has not occurred on or before the 30th consecutive day after the 
Scheduled Valuation Date (any such period being a ''Deferral Period''), then the next day after the 
Deferral Period that would have been a Business Day but for the Unscheduled Holiday, shall be 
deemed to be the Valuation Date. 
90105. CLP INTEREST RATE SWAPS CONTRACT TERMS 
90105.A.  
Scope of Chapter 
The scope of this Chapter is limited in application to IRS Products in respect of which CLP has been 
elected as the Rate Option. Capitalized terms in this Chapter that are not otherwise defined in this 
Chapter shall have the meanings given to such terms in the other Chapters of the Rules. Capitalized 
terms in this Chapter that are not otherwise defined in either this Chapter or the other Chapters of the 
Rules shall have the meanings set forth in the FX Definitions. In respect of any CLP IRS Contract and 
any inconsistency between the FX Definitions and the ISDA Definitions, the ISDA Definitions will govern 
other than for the purposes of the settlement provisions.  
 
90105.B.  
DEFINITIONS  
90105.B.1.  
Indice Cámara Promedio (“ICP”) 
“ICP” means that the rate for a Reset Date will be the Indice Cámara Promedio (“ICP”) rate from 
Chilean Pesos which is determined and published by the Asociación de Bancos e Instituciones 
Financieras de Chile A.G. (“ABIF”) in accordance with the “Reglamento Indice de Cámara Promedio” of 
the ABIF as published in the Diario Oficial de la Republica de Chile (the “ICP Rules”) and which is 
reported on the ABIF website by not later than 10:00 a.m., Santiago time, on the Reset Date. If, in 
respect of any Reset Date, the rate fails to appear by 10:00 a.m., Santiago time, then the rate for that 
Reset Date will be determined by the Calculation Agent substantially in accordance with the ICP Rules.   
90105.C.  
Further Terms of CLP IRS Contracts  
Each CLP IRS Contract shall be further supplemented and amended with the following provisions of this 
Rule 90105.C. 
90105.C.1. 
Non-Deliverable 
Settlement shall be Non-Deliverable. 
90105.C.2. 
Business Day 
For the purposes of the definition of Business Day: 
(a) the relevant places for the purposes of the definition of Valuation Date shall be New York and 
Santiago; and 
(b) the relevant places for the purposes of the definition of Settlement/Payment Dates shall be New 
York and Santiago. 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 1 of 3 
Chapter 902 
Interest Rate Swaption Contract Terms 
 
90200.  SCOPE OF CHAPTER 
The terms and conditions of any IR Swaption shall be defined by this Chapter, as supplemented by the 
ISDA Definitions, the definitions set out in Section 90002 (Definitions) of Chapter 900 (Interest Rate 
Products) and the relevant Contract Elections for IR Swaptions and Underlying IR Swap Contracts, and 
as further supplemented and amended by the provisions of these Rules. 
Capitalized terms in this Chapter that are not otherwise defined in this Chapter shall have the meanings 
given to such terms in the other Chapters of the Rules.  Capitalized terms in this Chapter that are not 
otherwise defined in either this Chapter or the other Chapters of the Rules shall have the meanings set 
forth in the ISDA Definitions. 
90201.  DEFINITIONS 
90201.A.  
Earliest Exercise Time 
In respect of an IR Swaption Contract denominated in US dollars, 9:00 a.m. (New York Time) on the 
specified Expiration Date. 
90201.B.  
Expiration Time 
In respect of an IR Swaption Contract denominated in US dollars, 11:00 a.m. (New York Time) on the 
specified Expiration Date. 
90201.C.  
CME Settlement Rate 
The par swap rate for IR Swaps in the currency in which the Underlying IR Swap Contract is 
denominated on the Exercise Date, as determined by the Clearing House in its sole and absolute 
discretion at 10:50 a.m. (New York Time). 
90202.  CONTRACT TERMS  
90202.A.  
Calculation Agent 
With respect to any IR Swaption Contract, the Clearing House shall be the sole Calculation Agent for all 
purposes, and shall not be required to consult with the parties to such IR Swaption Contract prior to 
making a determination. 
90202.B.  
Minimum Notional Amount for Clearing  
For any IR Swaption Product submitted to the Clearing House, the minimum Notional Amount of 
Underlying IR Swap Contract specified in the Contract Elections for such IR Swaption Product shall be 
one unit of the Currency of the Underlying IR Swap Contract specified in the Contract Elections for IR 
Swaptions.  Example:  For an IR Swaption Product exercisable into a US dollar-denominated IRS 
Contract, the minimum allowable notional size shall be one (1) US dollar. 
90202.C.  
Premium Payment Date 
The Premium Payment Date shall be specified as any calendar day that occurs (i) no earlier than the 
day on which such IR Swaption is submitted for clearing to the Clearing House and (ii) no later than the 
Clearing Business Day following the IR Swaption Expiration Date specified in the Contract Elections for 
such IR Swaption. 
90202.D. 
 Minimum Premium Increment  
For any IR Swaption Contract, the IR Swaption Premium shall be selected in increments no less than 
1/100th of the unit of Currency of the Underlying IR Swap Contract.  Example:  For an IR Swaption 
Product exercisable into an Underlying IR Swap Contract denominated in US dollars, the Minimum 
Premium Increment shall be $0.01. 
90202.E.  
Expiration Date 
For any IR Swaption Contract, the IR Swaption Expiration Date shall be specified as any calendar day 
occurring no later than 2 years and 10 calendar days after the Clearing Business Day on which such IR 
Swaption is submitted to the Clearing House.  
90202.F.  
Exercise Period 
An IR Swaption Contract may be exercised on the Expiration Date at any time from and including the 
Earliest Exercise Time to and including the Expiration Time. 
90202.G.  
Option Style 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 2 of 3 
The Option Style for each IR Swaption Contract shall be European. 
90202.H.  
Settlement Method  
The Settlement Method for each IR Swaption Contract shall be Physical Settlement. 
90202.I.  
 
Expiration Time 
An IR Swaption Contract must be submitted for clearing prior to the Expiration Time for the IR Swaption 
Contract.  After the Expiration Time, the Clearing House will no longer accept the IR Swaption Contract 
for clearing. 
90203. EXERCISE AND ASSIGNMENT 
90203.A.  
Exercise 
An IR Swaption Contract may be exercised by the Buyer at any time during the Exercise Period on the 
Expiration Date.  To exercise an IR Swaption Contract, the Buyer shall present an irrevocable exercise 
notice to the Clearing House, in such form and manner as the Clearing House may prescribe, no later 
than the Expiration Time.  In the case of a Swaption Straddle, the exercise notice shall specify whether 
the exercise shall apply to the Underlying IR Swap Contract that is a Call Swaption or the Underlying IR 
Swap Contract that is a Put Swaption. 
The Fallback Exercise Procedures set out in Rule 90203.A.3 shall apply. 
In respect of any IR Swaption Contract, the Clearing House shall disregard any instruction of intent to 
exercise or intent to abandon or exercise notice that it receives after the Expiration Time. 
90203.A.1.  
Instructions of Intent to Exercise or Abandon 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Rule 90202.F, at any time from when the Clearing House permits 
instructions of intent to exercise or abandon to be delivered to the Clearing House until the expiration of 
the Exercise Period for an IR Swaption Contract, the IRS Participant that is the Buyer in respect of the 
IR Swaption Contract may instruct the Clearing House that it intends to exercise or that it intends to 
abandon the IR Swaption Contract in such form and manner as the Clearing House may prescribe.  A 
Buyer may change its intent to exercise or abandon by withdrawing and/or resubmitting the instruction 
of intent to exercise or abandon (as relevant) at any time up to and including the Expiration Time in 
such form and manner as the Clearing House may prescribe, and the Clearing House will only act in 
accordance with the last instruction provided to the Clearing House in accordance with these Rules and 
all prior instructions will be disregarded.  If the Clearing House has received an instruction of intent to 
exercise prior to the expiration of the Exercise Period and no instruction of intent to abandon has been 
subsequently received prior to the Expiration Time, the Clearing House shall deem such instruction of 
intent to constitute an irrevocable exercise notice delivered by the IRS Participant immediately prior to 
the Expiration Time. If the Clearing House has received an instruction of intent to abandon prior to the 
expiration of the Exercise Period and no instruction of intent to exercise or exercise notice has been 
subsequently received prior to the Expiration Time, the Clearing House shall deem the IR Swaption 
Contract abandoned immediately prior to the Expiration Time.  
90203.A.2.  
Partial Exercise 
Provided that Partial Exercise is elected as being applicable in the Contract Elections for an IR 
Swaption Contract, the buyer of such an IR Swaption Contract may elect to exercise less than all the 
Notional Amount of the corresponding Underlying IR Swap Contract within the specified Exercise 
Period, provided that the amount exercised must be no less than the Minimum Notional Amount for 
Clearing. 
90203.A.3.  
Fallback Exercise Procedures 
In respect of any IR Swaption Contract in respect of which the Clearing House is not the Buyer, 
Fallback Exercise procedures shall apply if the IR Swaption Contract has not been exercised or 
abandoned prior to the Expiration Time.  If Fallback Exercise procedures apply, such IR Swaption 
Contract shall be exercised automatically if it is deemed by the Clearing House, in its sole discretion as 
the Calculation Agent, to be "in the money" by one tenth of a percentage point (0.10% or .001) or 
greater. 
A Put Swaption shall be deemed to be "in the money" if the CME Settlement Rate exceeds the Fixed 
Rate for such Underlying IR Swap Contract at 10:50 a.m. (New York Time) on the Expiration Date.  
A Call Swaption shall be deemed to be "in the money" if the CME Settlement Rate is less than the Fixed 
Rate for such Underlying IR Swap Contract at 10:50 a.m. (New York Time) on the Expiration Date. 
90203.B.  
Assignment 


 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                           Page 3 of 3 
IR Swaption Contracts in respect of which the Clearing House is not the Buyer that are exercised on the 
Expiration Date (whether by acceptance by the Clearing House of an exercise notice or by operation of 
the Fallback Exercise Procedures), shall be assigned solely by the Clearing House to IR Swaption 
Contracts in respect of which the Clearing House is the Buyer as soon as technologically practicable 
after the Expiration Time (i) first, to equal and opposite positions of the same IRS Swaptions Clearing 
Member and (ii) second, to equal and opposite positions of all other IRS Swaptions Clearing Members 
through a process of random selection, and such assignment shall constitute an effective exercise of 
such IR Swaption Contracts.  A Seller whose IR Swaption Contract has been exercised in this manner 
shall be notified thereof by the Clearing House as soon as technologically practicable after such 
assignment. 
Following the exercise of a Call Swaption, the Underlying IR Swap Contract shall become effective and 
shall constitute an IR Swap Contract, with the Clearing Effective Date of such Underlying IR Swap 
Contract being the Exercise Date.  Where the Buyer in respect of such Call Swaption is the Clearing 
House, the Clearing House shall be the Floating Rate Payer and the IRS Participant shall be the Fixed 
Rate Payer. 
Following the exercise of a Put Swaption, the Underlying IR Swap Contract shall become effective and 
shall constitute an IR Swap Contract, with the Clearing Effective Date of such Underlying IR Swap 
Contract being the Exercise Date.  Where the Buyer in respect of such Put Swaption is the Clearing 
House, the Clearing House shall be the Fixed Rate Payer and the IRS Participant shall be the Floating 
Rate Payer. 
90204. CONTRACT MODIFICATIONS 
90204.A. 
 CME Rules  
The terms of IR Swaption Contracts may be modified by CME in accordance with the Rules, with such 
modification to become part of these Rules and to be applicable to all IRS Swaption Contracts that are 
entered into subsequent to the relevant date of modification.  
90204.B.  
Change in Law or Regulation 
If any governmental agency or body with jurisdiction over CME issues an order, ruling, directive or law 
that conflicts with the requirements of these Rules, CME shall make such amendments and 
modifications to these Rules as it deems appropriate in its sole discretion in order to reflect the 
application of such order, ruling, directive or law, and such changes to these Rules shall be applicable 
to all IRS Swaption Contracts that are open as of, or entered into subsequent to, the relevant effective 
date of the order, ruling, directive or law. 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
DEFINITIONS 
 
ACT OR CEA 
The term “Act” or “CEA” shall mean the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended from time to time. 
 
AGGREGATE BASE AVAILABLE FUNDS 
The sum of any remaining Base Collateral, any remaining Base Customer Collateral (if applicable as described in Rule 
802.A.2), any Remaining Base Priority of Payments and the Aggregate Base Pays. 
 
AGGREGATE BASE COLLECTS 
The sum of all Proprietary Base Collects, all Customer Futures Collects, all Individual Customer Swap Collects and the 
amount of payments utilized for position liquidation pursuant to Rule 802.B.7(b)(ii). 
 
AGGREGATE BASE PAYS 
The sum of all Proprietary Base Pays, Customer Futures Pays and Individual Customer Swap Pays. 
 
AGGREGATE IRS AVAILABLE FUNDS 
The sum of any remaining IRS Collateral, any remaining IRS Customer Collateral (if applicable as described in Rule 
8G802.A.2), any Remaining IRS Priority of Payments and the Aggregate IRS Pays. 
 
AGGREGATE IRS COLLECTS 
The sum of all Proprietary IRS Collects, all Individual Customer IRS Collects and the amount of payments utilized for 
position liquidation pursuant to Rule 8G802.B.2(b)(ii). 
 
AGGREGATE IRS PAYS  
The sum of all Proprietary IRS Pays and all Individual Customer IRS Pays. 
 
AUCTION PAYMENTS 
The amounts that would be owed to winner(s) of an auction of a defaulted Clearing Member’s portfolio (or some portion 
thereof). 
 
BASE ASSESSMENTS 
The amounts by which the Clearing House assesses Base Clearing Members collectively pursuant to Rule 802.    
 
BASE CLEARING MEMBER  
A firm meeting the requirements of, and approved for, clearing membership with respect to Base Contracts at the 
Exchange.  
 
BASE COLLATERAL 
All assets of a defaulting Base Clearing Member that are available to the Clearing House, including without limitation 
its Base Guaranty Fund contribution (pursuant to Rule 816) including any excess amounts, its performance bonds on 
deposit with the Clearing House relating to the Base Guaranty Fund Product Classes, any partial payment amounts or 
settlement variation gains in respect of Base Guaranty Fund Product Classes, the proceeds of the sale of any 
membership assigned to it for clearing qualification, excess performance bond or guaranty fund deposits of the clearing 
member for non-Base Guaranty Fund Product Classes and any of its other assets held by, pledged to or otherwise 
available to the Clearing House but excluding amounts carried in any customer account class. 
 
 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 12 
 
 
BASE CONTRACT 
A Base Guaranty Fund Product that has been accepted for clearing by the Clearing House, provided however that for 
purposes of Rules 802.B.7, 802.B.8, 802.B.9, 802.B.10(b), and 802.B.11, the term Base Contract shall include 
Commingled Futures Positions (as such term is defined in Rule 8G831). 
 
BASE CUSTOMER COLLATERAL 
The sum of Base Swap Customer Collateral, Base Futures Customer Collateral and Base Futures 30.7 Customer 
Collateral, each as applicable pursuant to Rule 802.A.2. 
 
BASE PRIORITY OF PAYMENTS 
The CME Contribution, the Base Tranche, the Comingled Tranche, the Alternate Tranche and the Base Assessments, 
which shall be used in the order set forth in Rule 802.B.  
 
BLOCK TRADE 
A privately negotiated futures or option on futures transaction that is executed apart from the public auction market and 
that is permitted in designated contracts subject to specified conditions.  These trades are governed by Rule 526 (“Block 
Trades”). 
 
BOARD  
The Board of Directors of the Exchange or any other body acting in lieu of and with the authority of the Board. 
 
BROAD-BASED INDEX FUTURE  
A futures contract based upon an index that is not considered narrow-based as defined in Section 1a(35) of the 
Commodity Exchange Act.   
 
BROKERAGE  
The fee paid to an agent to facilitate the execution of orders. 
 
BUSINESS DAY 
In a given commodity, any day on which a settlement price is determined. 
 
BY-LAWS 
The By-Laws of the Exchange, unless otherwise specified. 
 
CASH COMMODITY  
The actual physical commodity or financial instrument as distinguished from the futures contract that is based on the 
physical commodity or financial instrument.  Also referred to as “spot commodity.” 
 
CBOT  
The Board of Trade of the City of Chicago, Inc. 
 
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 
The Certificate of Incorporation of the Exchange, unless otherwise specified.   
 
CFTC OR COMMISSION 
The U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission. 
 
 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 3 of 12 
 
 
CHAIRMAN  
The Chairman of the Board of Directors, or one acting in lieu of and with the authority of the Chairman of the Board. 
 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER OR CEO 
The Chief Executive Officer of the Exchange or one duly authorized to act in lieu of and with the authority of the Chief 
Executive Officer. 
 
CLASS A SHARE 
A share of Class A Common Stock of CME Group Inc.  Class A Shares shall confer no trading rights. 
 
CLASS B STOCKHOLDER 
The registered owner of one or more Class B Shares. 
 
 
CLEAR DATE OF THE FX OTC CLEARED TRANSACTION 
For purposes of these rules, the “clear date of the foreign exchange (FX) over-the-counter (OTC) cleared transaction” 
is the date on which an original spot, forward and swap FX OTC transaction clears at CME Clearing as a substituted, 
cleared transaction.  
 
CLEARED SWAPS CUSTOMER ACCOUNT 
Shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in CFTC Regulation 22.1; provided however, that, for purposes of CME 
and Exchange Rules, the term Cleared Swaps Customer Account shall not include an account in which positions in 
Cleared Swaps (or the money, securities and/or other property margining, guaranteeing or securing such derivatives) 
are, pursuant to a CFTC order, commingled with positions and funds held in segregated accounts maintained in 
accordance with Section 4d of the CEA. 
 
CLEARED SWAPS CUSTOMERS 
Shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in CFTC Regulation 22.1.; provided however, that a customer is only a 
Cleared Swaps Customer with respect to its positions in Cleared Swaps (as defined in CFTC Regulation 22.1); provided 
further, that, for purposes of CME Rules, the term Cleared Swaps Customers shall not include customers whose 
Cleared Swaps (as defined in CFTC Regulation 22.1) and whose money, securities and/or other property margining, 
guaranteeing or securing such Cleared Swaps are, pursuant to a CFTC order, commingled with positions and funds 
held in segregated accounts maintained in accordance with Section 4d of the CEA. 
 
CLEARING HOUSE 
The CME Clearing House, also referred to as CME Clearing, a division of CME. 
 
CLEARING MEMBER 
A firm meeting the requirements of, and approved for, clearing membership at the Exchange.  The term "clearing 
member" as used in the Rules shall include all clearing member categories set forth in Rule 900, unless otherwise 
specified. 
 
CLOSING RANGE 
The high and low prices, inclusive of bids and offers, recorded during the time period designated by the Exchange as 
the close of pit trading in a particular contract. 
 
CME 
Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 4 of 12 
 
 
CME GROUP INC. 
CME Group or CME Group Inc. is a holding company and the parent of CME, CBOT and NYMEX.  
 
COMBINATION ORDER/SPREAD ORDER  
A combination of buy and/or sell orders for the same account, except as provided by Rule 527, at the market, at a fixed 
differential or by some other appropriate pricing convention.  Also referred to as a spread order. 
 
COMEX 
Commodity Exchange, Inc. 
 
COMMODITY  
Any product approved and designated by the Board for trading or clearing pursuant to the rules of the Exchange. 
 
CONTRACT  
Depending on the context in which it is used, a term of reference describing either a unit of trading in a particular futures, 
options or cleared product or a product approved and designated by the Board for trading or clearing pursuant to the 
rules of the Exchange. 
 
DELIVERY MONTH  
Unless otherwise specified in the rules, the designated period of time during which delivery intents may be tendered or 
deliveries may be completed. 
 
DERIVATIVES CLEARING ORGANIZATION OR DCO 
A clearing organization as defined in CFTC Regulation 1.3. 
 
DESIGNATED CONTRACT MARKET OR DCM 
A contract market as defined in CFTC Regulation 1.3. 
 
DISCIPLINARY OFFENSE 
Any offense as set forth in Rule 300.E. 
 
ELECTRONIC DEVICE 
Any type of voice or data communications interface, including but not limited to a computer, headset, trading device, 
microphone, telephone or camera. 
 
EMERGENCY 
Any occurrence or circumstance which, in the opinion of the Exchange, requires immediate action and threatens or 
may threaten fair and orderly trading, clearing, delivery or liquidation of any contracts on the Exchange.  Occurrences 
and circumstances which the Exchange may deem emergencies are set forth in the Rules.   
 
EXCHANGE 
Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. 
 
EXCHANGE OF OPTIONS FOR OPTIONS (EOO) TRADE 
A privately negotiated and simultaneous exchange of an Exchange option position for a corresponding OTC option 
position.  An EOO is one type of an authorized Exchange for Related Position (EFRP) trade governed by Rule 538. 
 
EXCHANGE FOR PHYSICAL (EFP) TRADE 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 5 of 12 
 
 
A privately negotiated and simultaneous exchange of an Exchange futures position for a corresponding cash position.  
An EFP is one type of an authorized Exchange for Related Position (EFRP) trade governed by Rule 538. 
 
EXCHANGE FOR RISK (EFR) TRADE 
A privately negotiated and simultaneous exchange of an Exchange futures position for a corresponding OTC swap or 
other OTC instrument.  An EFR is one type of an authorized Exchange for Related Position (EFRP) trade governed by 
Rule 538. 
 
EXCHANGE OFFICIAL  
An employee or member designated by the Exchange to perform or execute certain acts. 
 
EXERCISE PRICE  
The terms "exercise price", "strike price" and "striking price" shall be synonymous and mean the price at which the 
futures contract underlying the options contract will be assigned upon exercise of the option.  For options contracts 
which are exercised into multiple futures contracts, the exercise price represents the spread price differential between 
the futures contracts. 
 
 
EXPIRATION DATE 
The term "expiration date" shall mean the last day on which an options contract may be exercised. 
 
FIRM 
The term "firm" shall mean a corporation, partnership, association, sole proprietorship or other eligible entity. 
 
FLOOR 
Except as otherwise provided by the Exchange, the term "Floor" shall mean any trading floor on which Exchange 
contracts are listed for open outcry trading. 
 
FLOOR BROKER  
An Exchange member who is registered as a floor broker under the CEA. 
 
FLOOR TRADER  
An Exchange member who is registered as a floor trader under the CEA.  
 
FOLLOWING DAY (OR OTHER SIMILAR EXPRESSION)  
The following, or subsequent, business day. 
 
FORCE MAJEURE 
Any circumstance (including but not limited to an act of God, strike, lockout, blockage, embargo, governmental action 
or terrorist activity) which is beyond the control of the buyer or seller and precludes either party from making or taking 
delivery of product or precludes the Exchange from determining a final settlement as provided for in Exchange Rules. 
 
FOREIGN BOARD OF TRADE OR FBOT 
A board of trade or exchange located outside the U.S., its territories or possessions and which is not registered with 
the CFTC as a designated contract market. 
 
FORWARD FX OTC CLEARED TRANSACTION   
For purposes of these rules, a “forward” foreign exchange (FX) over-the-counter (OTC) cleared transaction shall be an 
agreement between counterparties to exchange (“delivery”) of the associated currency pairs at a maturity date greater 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 6 of 12 
 
 
than one or two business days in the future.  A forward FX transaction may be for standard delivery maturities from the 
original trade date, such as TOM Next (tomorrow next or day after tomorrow), 1-week, 2-weeks, 3-weeks, 1-month, 2-
months, 3-months, …, 6-months, …, 1-year, 18-months, 2-years, etc.  Also, a forward FX transaction may be for broken 
date maturities, that is, for delivery on any good business day in both the issuing countries of the associated currency 
pair that is not one of the standard delivery dates. 
 
FUTURES COMMISSION MERCHANT OR FCM 
A person that solicits or accepts customer orders to buy or sell futures or options on futures contracts or that clears 
transactions in swaps or futures or options on futures contracts for customers and accepts money or other assets from 
customers in connection with such orders or transactions, and that is required to be registered as an FCM with the 
CFTC.  As used in the Rules the terms do not include a person that is exempt from registration as an FCM pursuant to 
Commission Regulations. 
 
FUTURES CONTRACT  
A legally binding agreement to buy or sell a commodity or financial instrument at a later date pursuant to the Rules of 
the Exchange or the rules of another exchange for which the Clearing House provides clearing services.  Futures 
contracts are normally standardized according to the quality, quantity, delivery period and location for each commodity, 
with price as the only variable. 
 
GLOBEX® 
Globex refers to CME Globex, an electronic trading platform. 
 
GLOBEX TERMINAL OPERATOR 
Globex terminal operator refers to 1) any person who physically enters orders into Globex or 2) any automated trading 
system which enters orders into Globex, either directly or through an automated order routing system or independent 
software vendor.  All Globex terminal operators must be identified to the Exchange in accordance with the provisions 
of Rule 576 (Identification of Globex Terminal Operators).  
 
GLOBEX TRADING HOURS 
Those hours designated by the Board of Directors for trading particular contracts on Globex. 
 
GUARANTY FUND DEPOSIT  
The amount required to be deposited with the Clearing House by the clearing member as a guaranty of its obligations 
to the Clearing House. 
 
HOLIDAY  
Any day declared to be a holiday by these rules or by a resolution of the Board on which the Exchange is closed.  When 
any such holiday falls on Sunday, the following Monday shall be considered such holiday.  When any such holiday falls 
on Saturday, the immediately preceding Friday shall be considered such holiday.  
 
INITIAL PERFORMANCE BOND 
Generally, a factored amount over the maintenance performance bond requirement as determined by the Clearing 
House. 
 
INTRODUCING BROKER OR IB 
A firm or individual that solicits and accepts orders to buy or sell futures or options on futures contracts from customers 
but does not accept money or other assets from such customers.  An IB must be registered with the CFTC, unless 
exempt from registration pursuant to CFTC Regulations. 
 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 7 of 12 
 
 
INVESTIGATIVE AND HEARING COMMITTEES 
The investigative and hearing committees of the Exchange are the Business Conduct Committee, the Clearing House 
Risk Committee, the Floor Conduct Committee, Hearing Panels of the Board of Directors and such other committees 
created for this purpose by the Board. 
 
IRS CLEARING MEMBER 
Has the meaning as set forth in the CME Rulebook in Rule 8G04. 
 
IRS COLLATERAL 
All assets of a defaulting IRS Clearing Member that are available to the Clearing House, including without limitation its 
IRS Guaranty Fund contribution (pursuant to Rule [8G07]) including any excess amounts, performance bond amounts 
for IRS Contracts including any excess amounts, any partial payment amounts or settlement variation gains in respect 
of IRS Contracts, the proceeds of the sale of any membership assigned to it for clearing qualification, excess 
performance bond or guaranty fund deposits of the IRS Clearing Member for non-IRS Products, and any other assets 
held by, pledged to or otherwise available to the Clearing House but excluding amounts carried in any customer account 
class. 
 
LIQUIDITY EVENT  
The Clearing House requires liquidity (1) to satisfy obligations of a defaulted or suspended Clearing Member, (2) to 
satisfy obligations associated with the transfer of account(s) of a defaulted or suspended Clearing Member or (3) as a 
result of a liquidity constraint or default by a depositary or settlement bank. 
 
MAINTENANCE PERFORMANCE BOND 
The minimum amount of performance bond equity required to be maintained in an account.  The maintenance 
performance bond requirement is the actual risk performance bond as determined by the Clearing House. 
 
MEMBER  
Unless otherwise specified in the rules, an individual owning or holding a membership in the Exchange. 
 
MEMBER FIRM 
An entity to which membership privileges on the Exchange have been conferred. 
 
NARROW-BASED INDEX FUTURE 
Refers to a futures contract based upon a Security Index that is considered narrow-based as defined in Section 1a(35) 
of the Commodity Exchange Act. 
 
NATIONAL FUTURES ASSOCIATION OR NFA 
The National Futures Association.  NFA is an independent self-regulatory organization for the U.S. futures industry with 
no ties to any specific marketplace. 
 
NON-MEMBER 
Unless otherwise specified in the rules, any Person who is not a Member of the Exchange. 
 
NON-MEMBER FIRM 
An entity to which membership privileges on the Exchange have not been conferred. 
 
NOTICE 
Except as otherwise specifically provided, a notice in writing emailed to or personally served upon the person to be 
notified, left at his usual place of business during business hours or mailed by U.S. First Class Mail, Certified Mail, 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 8 of 12 
 
 
Registered Mail or by overnight delivery to his last known place of business or residence. 
 
NYMEX 
New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc., including its wholly owned subsidiary Commodity Exchange, Inc. 
 
OMNIBUS ACCOUNT  
An account of one Futures Commission Merchant (FCM), the originating FCM, which resides on the books of another 
FCM (the carrying FCM), in which the transactions of two or more persons are combined and carried in the name of 
the originating FCM rather than in the name of the individual customers.   
 
ORDER TYPES 
(Note that not all order types are eligible for execution in a trading pit on Globex and through open outcry.  Additionally, 
order types eligible for both venues may have different meanings depending on whether the order is to be executed in 
a trading pit via open outcry or through Globex.   
 
Open Outcry Order Types 
ALL-OR-NONE (AON) ORDER  
Where allowed pursuant to Rule 523, an order to be executed in designated contracts in a trading pit via open 
outcry only for its entire quantity at a single price, with a size at or above a predetermined threshold. 
DISREGARD TAPE (DRT) or NOT-HELD ORDER    
Absent any restrictions, a "DRT" (Not-Held Order) means any order giving a person complete discretion over 
price and time in execution of the order, including discretion to execute all, some, or none of the order.  A 
member or clearing member shall not accept an order containing the phrase "with a tick, you are held" (or 
similar such language).  It is understood that a floor broker may trade for his own account while holding such 
an order without violating Rule 530 (“Priority of Customers’ Orders”) provided the customer has previously 
consented in writing and evidence of such general consent is indicated on the order with the “WP” (with 
permission) designation.   
ENTER OPEN STOP (EOS) ORDER 
An instruction to the clearing firm to enter a stop order after execution of a previous order has been achieved. 
FILL OR KILL (FOK) ORDER 
A designation, added to an order, instructing the broker to fill the order immediately in its entirety or not all.  If 
the order is not filled immediately in its entirety, it is cancelled. 
LIMIT ORDER 
An order with instructions to be executed at a specific price ("limit price") or better. 
MARKET (MKT) ORDER 
An order with instructions to be executed upon receipt by a floor broker at the best available price. 
MARKET IF TOUCHED (MIT) ORDER  
A sell (buy) order placed above (below) the market which becomes a market order when the designated price 
is touched. 
MARKET ON CLOSE (MOC) ORDER   
An order to be executed only in the closing range. 
ONE-CANCELS-OTHER (OCO) ORDER   
A combination of two orders, in which the execution of either one automatically cancels the other. 
OPEN ORDER (GOOD-TILL-CANCELLED) 
An order which remains in force until cancelled.  Without such designation, all unfilled orders are cancelled at 
the end of the Regular Trading Hours Session. 
OPENING ONLY ORDER 
An order that is to be executed during the time period designated by the Exchange as the Regular Trading 
Hours session opening range time period.  Any remaining unfilled quantity not executed during the time period 
designated as the opening range will be deemed cancelled. 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 9 of 12 
 
 
STOP ORDER 
An order which becomes a market order when the price designated on the order (the "Stop Price") is elected 
as described below. 
A "Buy Stop" order is placed above the market, and is elected only when the market trades at or above, or is 
bid at or above, the Stop Price.  A "Sell Stop" order is placed below the market, and is elected only when the 
market trades at or below, or is offered at or below, the Stop Price. 
STOP-CLOSE ONLY ORDER 
A stop order which is in effect only during the closing range.  It becomes a market order if, during the closing 
range, the market: (1) in the case of a Buy Stop-Close Only order, trades at or above, or is bid at or above the 
Stop Price; or (2) in the case of a Sell Stop-Close Only order, trades at or below, or is offered at or below the 
Stop Price. 
STOP LIMIT ORDER 
A stop order which becomes executable at its limit price or better, when and if the market: (1) in the case of a 
Buy Stop Limit order, trades at or above, or is bid at or above the Stop Price; or (2) in the case of a Sell Stop 
Limit order, trades at or below, or is offered at or below the Stop Price. 
Globex Order Types 
The availability of specific Globex Order Types is dependent on the product, and not all Order Types are 
available for all products.  Supported Order Types by Product are set forth in the Globex Reference Guide 
(http://www.cmegroup.com/globex/files/GlobexRefGd.pdf). 
COMBINATION ORDER 
A combination of buy and/or sell orders for the same account or accounts with the same ownership, except 
as provided by Rule 527, at a fixed differential or by some other appropriate pricing convention. 
HIDDEN QUANTITY ORDER 
An order which displays only a portion of the order to the marketplace.  When the displayed quantity has been 
filled, another portion of the order will then be displayed to the marketplace.  
 
LIMIT ORDER 
An order to be executed at a specific price ("limit price") or better. 
MARKET WITH PROTECTION ORDER 
An order to execute as much of order as possible at the best current offer price (for buy orders) or bid price 
(for sell orders) within a range of prices predefined by the Exchange (the protected range).  Any quantity which 
cannot be filled within the protected range will remain in the order book as a limit order at the limit of the 
protected range. 
MINIMUM QUANTITY ORDER 
An order which is executed only if a certain minimum quantity of that order can be immediately matched.  Any 
unfilled balance will remain in the book as a limit order at the specified price. 
STOP LIMIT ORDER 
An order which becomes eligible for execution at its limit price or better when the market trades at or above 
the stop price in the case of a buy stop limit order or at or below the stop price in the case of a sell stop limit 
order. 
STOP WITH PROTECTION ORDER 
An order which becomes eligible for execution when the designated price (the stop price) is traded on Globex.  
Such orders are filled only within a range of prices predefined by the Exchange (the protected range).  When 
the stop price is triggered, the order enters the order book as a limit order with the limit price equal to the 
trigger price plus or minus the predefined protected range.  Any quantity which cannot be filled within the 
protected range will remain in the order book as a limit order at the limit price. 
Globex Order Duration Qualifiers 
An order eligible to be entered into Globex that does not contain a duration qualifier will be cancelled if not 
filled during the Trading Day in which it was received or, if it was received between Trading Days, during the 
next Trading Day.  An order may specify one of the following duration qualifiers: 
DAY  
An order that will be canceled if not filled by the conclusion of the Globex trade date for which it was entered. 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 10 of 12 
 
 
FILL AND KILL  
An order immediately filled in whole or in part at the specified price, with any remaining quantity canceled. 
GOOD ‘TILL CANCELED (GTC) 
An order which will remain in force until executed, cancelled or the contract expires. 
GOOD ‘TILL DATE (GTD) 
An order which will remain in force through a specified trade date unless executed or canceled, or until the 
contract expires. 
 
ORIGINAL TRADE DATE OF AN FX OTC TRANSACTION 
For purposes of these rules, an “original trade date of a foreign exchange (FX) over-the-counter (OTC) cleared 
transaction,” is the date on which the two counterparties agreed to the OTC transaction that is being replaced with the 
FX OTC cleared transaction. 
 
PANEL 
A subcommittee selected in accordance with committee procedure to adjudicate or make a particular determination.  A 
decision of a panel shall be deemed a decision of the committee. 
 
PANELIST 
An individual appointed to an Exchange committee who is entitled to participate in a decision on any matter under 
consideration by the committee or panel thereof. 
 
PARTNER CLEARINGHOUSE 
The term “Partner Clearinghouse” means a derivatives clearing organization or a clearinghouse which has agreed to 
act in concert with the Exchange to facilitate clearance of Security Futures Products as defined herein.  A Partner 
Clearinghouse shall be considered a Clearing Member for purposes of the Rules except to the extent otherwise 
provided in an agreement between the Exchange and the Partner Clearinghouse. 
 
PARTICIPATING EXCHANGE 
An exchange or clearing house that has entered into a business relationship with the Exchange for clearing, order 
routing or any other business purpose, except as otherwise expressly provided in the Rules. 
 
PERFORMANCE BOND  
The minimum amount of funds that must be deposited as a performance bond by 1) an account holder with his FCM, 
2) a non-clearing FCM with a clearing member or 3) a clearing member with the Clearing House.   
 
PERFORMANCE BOND EQUITY 
An account’s net liquidating equity plus the collateral value of acceptable performance bond deposits. 
 
PERSON 
It shall include the singular or plural, and individuals, associations, partnerships, corporations and trusts. 
 
REGULAR TRADING HOURS (RTH) 
Those hours designated for open outcry trading of the relevant product as determined from time to time. 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 11 of 12 
 
 
 
REMAINING BASE PRIORITY OF PAYMENTS 
The amount of each non-defaulted Base Clearing Member’s remaining payment obligations, if any, in respect of Base 
Assessments, any remaining CME Contribution, any remaining Base Guaranty Fund amounts and any remaining Base 
Assessments previously funded. 
 
REQUEST FOR QUOTE   
An electronic message disseminated on Globex for the purpose of soliciting bids or offers for specific contract(s) or 
combinations of contracts.   
 
RULES 
The Certificate of Incorporation, By-Laws, rules, interpretations, orders, resolutions, advisories, notices, manuals and 
similar directives of the Exchange, and all amendments thereto.  The trading and clearing of all Exchange futures, 
options on futures, cleared-only and spot contracts shall be subject to the rules.   
 
SECURITY FUTURES PRODUCTS 
A contract based on securities products as such term is defined by 1a(45) of the Commodity Exchange Act.  Security 
Futures Products (“SFPs”) include futures contracts based upon a single security (or “stock futures”); futures contracts 
based upon a narrow-based security index; and, options on any security futures as those terms are defined in Sections 
1a(35) and 1a(44) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 
 
SETTLEMENT PRICE  
The official daily closing price of futures and options on futures contracts, as determined in accordance with Rule 813, 
used by the Clearing House for marking all open positions at the close of the daily settlement cycle. 
 
SETTLEMENT VARIATION  
The change in dollar amount calculated by the Clearing House for clearing members figured to the daily settlement 
price on the basis of their positions. 
 
SPAN 2 
A filtered historical value at risk margining framework. 
 
SPOT  
The actual physical commodity as distinguished from the futures contract that is based on the physical commodity.  
Also referred to as “cash commodity.” 
 
SPOT FX OTC CLEARED TRANSACTION 
For purposes of these rules, a “spot” foreign exchange (FX) over-the-counter (OTC) cleared transaction shall be a very 
short-dated forward transaction with counterparties agreeing to exchange (“delivery”) of the associated currency pairs 
in one or two business days, whichever is the standard OTC market convention for the particular currency pairs. 
 
SWAP EXECUTION FACILITY OR SEF 
A swap execution facility as defined in CFTC Regulation 1.3. 
 
SWAP FX OTC CLEARED TRANSACTION  
For purposes of these rules, a “swap” foreign exchange (FX) over-the-counter (OTC) cleared transaction shall be an 
agreement between counterparties to execute the combination of a spot or forward FX OTC cleared transaction and a 
subsequent-dated forward FX OTC cleared transaction, where the buyer of the spot or forward currency pair becomes 
the seller of the subsequent-dated forward currency pair and the seller of the spot or forward currency pair becomes 
the buyer of the subsequent-dated forward currency pair.  In other words, the counterparties are agreeing to the prices 


 
 
 
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 12 of 12 
 
 
on the original trade date to exchange currency pairs for immediate (or nearby forward) delivery, and reverse the same 
transaction on some mutually agreed to subsequent “forward date,” which according to the definition above for a 
“forward” may be a standard delivery date or a broken delivery date. 
 
TRADE  
The term "trade" shall mean any purchase or sale of any commodity futures or options contract made on the Exchange. 
 
TRADE DATE OF AN FX OTC CLEARED TRANSACTION 
The trade date of a foreign exchange (FX) over-the-counter (OTC) cleared transaction” is the date on which 
counterparties to the OTC transaction submit the FX OTC transaction to clearing as a cleared contract.  Although in 
most instances counterparties may submit an FX OTC cleared transaction for clearing on the same date as the original 
trade for the FX OTC spot, forward and swap transaction, there is no requirement that it is submitted on the same date.  
Therefore, an FX OTC cleared transaction may be submitted on any date for clearing on the exchange. 
 
TRADING DAY 
A trading day shall mean the hours of trading as determined by the board for each contract starting with the opening of 
trading and ending with the close of trading for such contract. 
 
TRADING SESSION 
A trading session will mean either the pit trading session (the hours designated for open outcry trading for a product) 
and/or the Globex session (the hours on a particular trading day when a product can be traded on Globex). 
 
U.S. GOVERNMENT SECURITIES BROKER-DEALER 
A broker-dealer registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission or a state or federally chartered bank or 
savings association (or a state or federally licensed branch or agency of a foreign bank) that is subject to bank 
supervision that functions in the operation of markets for U.S. Treasuries.  The functions may include, but are not 
limited to: 
- 
Acting as a channel for the United States Department of the Treasury and investors in primary market for 
U.S. Treasuries (for example, by participating in auctions); 
- 
Acting as providers of liquidity in primary and secondary markets for U.S. Treasuries; and 
- 
Acting as providers of asset transformation and market making services in the market for U.S. Treasuries. 
 
VALID VALUE DATE FOR DELIVERY OR CASH SETTLEMENT OF AN FX OTC CLEARED TRANSACTION 
“Cleared only” foreign exchange (FX) over-the-counter (OTC) cleared transactions shall be delivered or cash settled 
for any valid value date mutually agreed to by buyer and seller, including all applicable standard valid value dates for 
delivery or cash settlement in futures offered for “trading and clearing.”  
 
 
(End Definitions) 
 
 


1 
 
AMENDED AND RESTATED BY-LAWS 
OF 
CHICAGO MERCANTILE EXCHANGE INC. 
Amended and Restated as of August 26, 2021 
ARTICLE I 
Section 1.1. 
Annual Meetings. 
(a) 
The annual meetings of stockholders shall be held on such date, at such time and at such place, 
either within or without the state of Delaware, as shall be designated from time to time by the Board of 
Directors and stated in the notice of the meeting.  Subject to paragraph (b) of this Section 1.1, any other 
proper business may be transacted at an annual meeting. 
(b) 
At the annual meetings the stockholders shall elect the Board of Directors, which Directors shall 
at all times be comprised of the same Directors as those of CME Group Inc., the sole stockholder of the 
Corporation and transact such other business as may properly be brought before the meeting.  For such 
business to be properly brought before the meeting, it must be: (i) authorized by the Board of Directors 
and specified in the notice, or a supplemental notice, of the meeting, (ii) otherwise brought before the 
meeting by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or the chairman of the meeting, or (iii) otherwise 
properly brought before the meeting by a stockholder.   
Section 1.2. 
Special Meetings. 
Special meetings of stockholders for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time only by the 
Chairman of the Board or by a majority of the total number of authorized Directors. The business 
transacted at a special meeting of stockholders shall be limited to the purpose or purposes for which such 
meeting is called. 
Section 1.3. 
Notice of Meetings. 
Written notice of the place, date, and time of all meetings of the stockholders shall be given, not less than 
ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date on which the meeting is to be held, to each 
stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting, except as otherwise provided herein or required by law 
(meaning, here and hereinafter, as required from time to time by the DGCL or the Certificate of 
Incorporation of the Corporation). The notice of any special meeting of stockholders shall also state the 
purpose or purposes for which such meeting is called. 
Section 1.4. 
Adjournments. 
Any annual or special meeting of stockholders may be adjourned from time to time to reconvene at the 
same or some other place. When a meeting is adjourned to another time or place, notice need not be given 
of the adjourned meeting if the time and place, if any, thereof, and the means of remote communications, 
if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such 
adjourned meeting is announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken; provided, however, 
that if the date of any adjourned meeting is more than thirty (30) days after the date for which the meeting 
was originally noticed, or if a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, notice of the place, if 
any, date, and time of the adjourned meeting and the means of remote communications, if any, by which 


2 
 
stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such adjourned 
meeting shall be given in conformity herewith. At any adjourned meeting, any business may be transacted 
which might have been transacted at the original meeting without regard to the presence of a quorum at 
such adjournment. 
Section 1.5. 
Quorum. 
Except as otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-laws, the presence in 
person or by proxy of the holders of stock having not less than one-third of the votes which could be cast 
by the holders of all outstanding stock entitled to vote at the meeting shall constitute a quorum at each 
meeting of stockholders.  In the absence of a quorum, then either (i) the chairman of the meeting or (ii) 
the stockholders may, by the affirmative vote of the holders of stock having a majority of the votes which 
could be cast by all such holders, adjourn the meeting from time to time in the manner provided in 
Section 1.4 of these By-laws until a quorum is present.  If a quorum is present when a meeting is 
convened, the subsequent withdrawal of stockholders, even though less than a quorum remains, shall not 
affect the ability of the remaining stockholders lawfully to transact business. 
Section 1.6. 
Organization. 
Meetings of stockholders shall be presided over by the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive 
Officer (in that order), or in their absence, inability or unwillingness, by a chairman designated by the 
Board of Directors, or in the absence of such designation, by a chairman chosen at the meeting. The 
Secretary shall act as secretary of the meeting, but in his or her absence, the chairman of the meeting may 
appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting. The chairman of any meeting of the stockholders 
shall determine the order of business and the procedure at the meeting, including such regulation of the 
manner of voting and the conduct of business.  
Section 1.7. 
Proxies and Voting. 
At any meeting of the stockholders, every stockholder entitled to vote may vote in person or by proxy 
authorized by an instrument in writing or by a transmission permitted by law filed in accordance with the 
procedure established for the meeting. Any copy, facsimile telecommunication or other reliable 
reproduction of the writing or transmission created pursuant to this paragraph may be substituted or used 
in lieu of the original writing or transmission for any and all purposes for which the original writing or 
transmission could be used, provided that such copy, facsimile telecommunication or other reproduction 
shall be a complete reproduction of the entire original writing or transmission.  
Section 1.8. 
Fixing Date of Determination of Stockholders of Record. 
(a) 
In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled (i) to notice of or to vote at 
any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, (ii) to receive payment of any dividend or other 
distribution or allotment of any rights, (iii) to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or 
exchange of stock or (iv) to take, receive or participate in any other action, the Board of Directors may fix 
a record date, which shall not be earlier than the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is 
adopted by the Board of Directors and which (1) in the case of a determination of stockholders entitled to 
notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or adjournment thereof, shall, unless otherwise 
required by law, be not more than 60 nor less than 10 days before the date of such meeting; and (2) in the 
case of any other action, shall be not more than 60 days before such action. 


3 
 
(b) 
If no record date is fixed, (i) the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or 
to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on 
which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on 
which the meeting is held; and (ii) the record date for determining stockholders for any other purpose 
shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating 
thereto. 
(c) 
A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of 
stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting, but the Board of Directors may fix a new 
record date for the adjourned meeting. 
ARTICLE II 
Section 2.1. 
Number; Qualifications. 
The Board of Directors shall consist of the number of Directors as from time to time fixed by the Board of 
Directors, provided that the Board of Directors shall at all times be comprised of the same Directors as 
those of CME Group Inc., the sole stockholder of the Corporation, and no person shall serve as a Director 
unless he or she meets the requirements, if any, provided in the Certificate of Incorporation for service on 
the Board of Directors. 
Section 2.2. 
Election; Resignation; Vacancies. 
(a) 
Subject to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation and Section 1.1(b) of these By-laws, 
at each annual meeting of stockholders, the stockholders shall elect, pursuant to the terms of the 
Certificate of Incorporation, the successors to the Directors whose terms expire at that meeting, and each 
Director shall hold office until the annual meeting at which such Director's term expires and the election 
and qualification of his or her successor, or until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal.  Any 
Director may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Chairman of the Board, if any, the Chief 
Executive Officer or the Secretary.  Unless otherwise stated in a notice of resignation, it shall take effect 
when received by the officer to whom it is directed, without any need for its acceptance. 
(b) 
A vacancy, howsoever occurring, in a directorship shall be filled in the manner specified in the 
Certificate of Incorporation. 
Section 2.3. 
Regular Meetings. 
Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held without call or notice at such times and at such 
places, within or without the state of Delaware, as shall be fixed by resolution of the Board of Directors. 
Section 2.4. 
Special Meetings. 
Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by the Chairman of the Board, the Chief 
Executive Officer, the Lead Director, or a majority of the members of the Board of Directors then in 
office and may be held at any time, date or place, within or without the State of Delaware, as the person 
or persons calling the meeting shall fix. Notice of the time and place of special meetings shall be 
delivered personally, by telephone or by electronic transmission to each Director or sent by first-class 
mail or telegram, charges prepaid, addressed to each Director at that Director’s address as it is shown on 
the records of the Corporation. If the notice is mailed, it shall be deposited in the United States mail at 
least four days before the time of the holding of the meeting. If the notice is delivered personally, by 


4 
 
telephone, by electronic transmission or by telegram, it shall be delivered personally or by telephone or to 
the telegraph company at least 48 hours before the time of the holding of the meeting. Any oral notice 
given personally or by telephone may be communicated either to the Director or to a person at the office 
of the Director who the person giving the notice has reason to believe will promptly communicate it to the 
Director. The notice need not specify the purpose or the place of the meeting, if the meeting is to be held 
at the principal executive office of the Corporation. 
Section 2.5. 
Organization. 
Meetings of the Board of Directors shall be presided over by the Chairman of the Board, the Lead 
Director, if any, or the Chief Executive Officer (in that order), or in their absence, inability or 
unwillingness, by a chairman chosen at the meeting. The Secretary shall act as secretary of the meeting, 
but in his or her absence the chairman of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the 
meeting. A majority of the Directors present at a meeting, whether or not they constitute a quorum, may 
adjourn such meeting to any other date, time or place without notice other than announcement at the 
meeting. 
Section 2.6. 
Quorum; Vote Required for Action. 
(a) 
At all meetings of the Board of Directors, a majority of the whole Board of Directors shall 
constitute a quorum for the transaction of business.  Unless the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-
laws otherwise provide, the vote of a majority of the Directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is 
present shall be the act of the Board of Directors.  A meeting at which a quorum is initially present may 
continue to transact business notwithstanding the withdrawal of Directors, if any action taken is approved 
by at least a majority of the required quorum for that meeting. 
(b) 
If a quorum is not present at any meeting of the Board of Directors, then the Directors present 
thereat may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the 
meeting, until a quorum is present. 
(c) 
Whenever notice is required to be given under any provision of the General Corporation Law of 
Delaware, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-laws, a written waiver thereof, signed by the 
person entitled to notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to 
notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except 
when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, 
to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the 
business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the Directors, or 
members of a committee of the Board of Directors, need be specified in any written waiver of notice 
unless so required by the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-laws. 
Section 2.7. 
Telephonic Meetings. 
Directors, or any committee of Directors designated by the Board of Directors, may participate in a 
meeting of the Board of Directors or such committee by means of conference telephone or similar 
communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each 
other, and participation in a meeting pursuant to this Section 2.7 shall constitute presence in person at 
such meeting. 


5 
 
Section 2.8. 
Informal Action by Directors. 
Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-laws, any action required or 
permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof, may be taken 
without a meeting if all members of the Board of Directors or such committee, as the case may be, 
consent thereto in writing (which may be in counterparts), and the written consent or consents are filed 
with the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directors or such committee. 
Section 2.9. 
Reliance Upon Records. 
Every Director, and every member of any committee of the Board of Directors, shall, in the performance 
of his or her duties, be fully protected in relying in good faith upon the records of the Corporation and 
upon such information, opinions, reports or statements presented to the Corporation by any of its officers 
or employees, or committees of the Board of Directors, or by any other person as to matters the Director 
or member reasonably believes are within such other person's professional or expert competence and who 
has been selected with reasonable care by or on behalf of the Corporation, including, but not limited to, 
such records, information, opinions, reports or statements as to the value and amount of the assets, 
liabilities and/or net profits of the Corporation, or any other facts pertinent to the existence and amount of 
surplus or other funds from which dividends might properly be declared and paid, or with which the 
Corporation's capital stock might properly be purchased or redeemed. 
Section 2.10. 
Interested Directors. 
No contract or transaction between the Corporation and one or more of its Directors or officers, or 
between the Corporation and any other corporation, partnership, association or other organization in 
which one or more of its Directors or officers are Directors or officers, or have a financial interest, shall 
be void or voidable solely for this reason, or solely because the Director or officer is present at or 
participates in the meeting of the Board of Directors or committee thereof which authorizes the contract 
or transaction, or solely because such person’s or their votes are counted for such purpose if (i) the 
material facts as to such person’s or their relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are 
disclosed or are known to the Board of Directors or the committee, and the Board of Directors or 
committee in good faith authorizes the contract or transaction by the affirmative votes of a majority of the 
disinterested Directors, even though the disinterested Directors be less than a quorum; or (ii) the material 
facts as to such person’s or their relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed 
or are known to the stockholders entitled to vote thereon, and the contract or transaction is specifically 
approved in good faith by vote of the stockholders; or (iii) the contract or transaction is fair as to the 
Corporation as of the time it is authorized, approved or ratified, by the Board of Directors, a committee 
thereof or the stockholders. Common or interested Directors may be counted in determining the presence 
of a quorum at a meeting of the Board of Directors or of a committee which authorizes the contract or 
transaction. 
Section 2.11. 
Disqualification from Board or Committees. 
No member of the Board or any committee established by the Corporation shall be eligible to serve on the 
Board or any such committee if the individual has committed a “disciplinary offense” as defined by the 
CME Rules, as defined in Section 8.6 (Disqualification from Certain Committees and Governing Boards, 
currently Exchange Rule 300.D) or would be otherwise ineligible pursuant to such rule. 


6 
 
Section 2.12. 
Compensation. 
Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation, the Board of Directors shall have the 
authority to fix the compensation of Directors.  The Directors shall be paid their reasonable expenses, if 
any, of attendance at each meeting of the Board of Directors or a committee thereof and may be paid a 
fixed sum for attendance at each such meeting and an annual retainer or salary for services as a Director 
or committee member.  No such payment shall preclude any Director from serving the Corporation in any 
other capacity and receiving compensation therefor. 
Section 2.13. 
Presumption of Assent. 
Unless otherwise provided by the laws of the State of Delaware, a Director who is present at a meeting of 
the Board of Directors or of a committee thereof at which action is taken on any matter shall be presumed 
to have assented to the action taken unless his or her dissent shall be entered in the minutes of such 
meeting or unless he or she shall file his or her written dissent to such action with the person acting as 
secretary of such meeting before the adjournment thereof or shall forward such dissent by registered mail 
to the Secretary immediately after the adjournment of such meeting. Such right to dissent shall not apply 
to a Director who voted in favor of such action. 
ARTICLE III 
Section 3.1. General.  
To the fullest extent permitted by law and the Certificate of Incorporation, the Board of Directors of the 
Corporation shall have the power to appoint, and to delegate authority to, such committees of the Board 
of Directors of the Corporation as it determines to be appropriate from time to time.  
Section 3.2. Additional and Standing Committees.  
In addition to such committees as may be authorized by the Board of Directors of the Corporation from 
time to time, the Corporation shall have such additional and standing committees, which shall be 
composed of such persons having such powers and duties, as provided in the Rules. Any person may be 
disqualified from serving on or participating in the affairs of any committee to the extent provided in the 
Rules.  
ARTICLE IV 
Section 4.1. 
Officers. 
The Board of Directors shall elect from among its members a Chairman of the Board.  The Board of 
Directors shall also elect a Chief Executive Officer, a Secretary and such other additional officers with 
such titles as the Board of Directors shall determine. The Board of Directors shall also have the authority 
to elect a Lead Director with the responsibilities set forth in the Corporation’s Corporate Governance 
Principles.  Any number of offices may be held by the same person. Each Board officer and officer of the 
Corporation shall hold office until his or her successor is elected and qualified or until his or her earlier 
death, resignation or removal.   


7 
 
Section 4.2. 
Resignation; Removal; Vacancies. 
Any Board officer or officer of the Corporation may resign at any time by giving written notice to the 
Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the Secretary. Unless otherwise stated in a notice 
of resignation, it shall take effect when received by the Board officer or officer to whom it is directed, 
without any need for its acceptance. Any resignation is without prejudice to the rights, if any, of the 
Corporation under any contract to which such officer is a party. The Board of Directors may remove any 
Board officer or officer with or without cause at any time by an affirmative vote of the majority of the 
Board of Directors, but such removal shall be without prejudice to the contractual rights, if any, of such 
officer with the Corporation. A vacancy occurring in any Board or executive office of the Corporation 
may be filled for the unexpired portion of the term thereof by the Board of Directors at any regular or 
special meeting. 
Section 4.3. 
Powers and Duties of Officers. 
The Board officers and officers of the Corporation shall have such powers and duties in the management 
of the Corporation as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors and, to the extent not so provided, as 
generally pertain to their respective offices, subject to the control of the Board of Directors. The Board of 
Directors may require any officer, agent or employee to give security for the faithful performance of his 
or her duties. 
ARTICLE V 
Section 5.1. 
Certificates; Uncertificated Shares. 
The shares of the Corporation's stock shall be represented either by book entries on the Corporation's 
books, if authorized by the Board of Directors, or by certificates signed by, or in the name of the 
Corporation by its Chairman of the Board,  its Chief Executive Officer or a Senior Managing Director, 
and may be countersigned by its Secretary or an Assistant Secretary, certifying the number of shares 
owned by such stockholder in the Corporation.  Any of or all the signatures on a certificate may be 
facsimile.  In case any officer, transfer agent, or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has 
been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such 
certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if such officer, transfer 
agent or registrar continued to be such at the date of issue.  Upon the request of the registered owner of 
uncertificated shares, the Chief Executive Officer or his designee shall send to the registered owner a 
certificate representing such shares. 
In the case of uncertificated shares, within a reasonable time after the issuance or transfer thereof, the 
Chief Executive Officer or his designee shall send to the registered owner of shares of Common Stock of 
the Corporation a written notice containing (i) (A) a full statement of the designations, relative rights, 
preferences and limitations of the shares of the class and series issued or transferred, so far as the same 
have been determined and the authority of the Board of Directors to divide the shares into classes or series 
and to determine and change the relative rights, preferences and limitations of any class or series; or (B) a 
declaration that the Corporation will furnish to the stockholder, upon request and without charge, a 
statement containing the information described in the preceding clause (A); (ii) a statement that the 
Corporation is organized under the laws of the State of Delaware; (iii) the name of the person to whom 
the uncertificated shares have been issued or transferred; (iv) the number and class of shares, and the 
designation of the series, if any, to which such notice applies; and (v) any restrictions on transfer of the 
shares, in accordance with Section 202 of the Delaware General Corporation Law.  The notice referred to 


8 
 
in the preceding sentence shall also contain the following statement:  "This notice is merely a record of 
the rights of the addressee as of the time of its issuance.  Delivery of this statement, of itself, confers no 
rights on the recipient.  This notice is neither a negotiable instrument nor a security." 
Section 5.2. 
Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates; Issuance of New Certificates. 
The Corporation may issue a new certificate for stock in the place of any certificate theretofore issued by 
it, alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, and the Corporation may require the owner of the lost, 
stolen or destroyed certificate, or such stockholder's legal representative, to indemnify the Corporation 
and/or to give the Corporation a bond sufficient to indemnify it against any claim that may be made 
against it on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of such 
new certificate. 
Section 5.3. 
Transfers of Stock. 
Upon surrender to the Corporation or the transfer agent of the Corporation of a certificate for stock of the 
Corporation duly endorsed or accompanied by proper evidence of succession, assignment or authority to 
transfer or, if the relevant stock certificate is claimed to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon 
compliance with the provisions of Section 5.2 of these By-laws, and upon payment of applicable taxes 
with respect to such transfer, and in compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to such shares 
under the Certificate of Incorporation, these By-laws or rules of the Corporation and any other applicable 
transfer restrictions of which the Corporation shall have notice, the Corporation shall issue a new 
certificate or certificates for such stock to the person entitled thereto, cancel the old certificate and record 
the transaction upon its books. Transfers of stock shall be made only on the books of the Corporation by 
the registered holder thereof or by such holder's attorney or successor duly authorized as evidenced by 
documents filed with the Secretary. Whenever any transfer of stock shall be made for collateral security, 
and not absolutely, it shall be so expressed in the entry of transfer if, when the certificate or certificates 
representing such stock are presented to the Corporation for transfer, both the transferor and transferee 
request the Corporation to do so. 
Section 5.4. 
Transfers of Uncertificated Stock. 
Except as otherwise required by law, uncertificated shares of the Corporation's stock shall be transferable 
in the manner prescribed in these By-Laws.  Transfers of uncertificated stock shall be made on the books 
of the Corporation only by the person then registered on the books of the Corporation as the owner of 
such shares or by such person's attorney lawfully constituted in writing and written instruction to the 
Corporation containing the following information: (i) the class of shares, and the designation of the series, 
if any, to which such notice applies; (ii) the number of shares transferred; and (iii) the name, address and 
taxpayer identification number, if any, of the party to whom the shares have been transferred and who, as 
a result of such transfer, is to become the new registered owner of the shares.  No transfer of 
uncertificated stock shall be valid as against the Corporation for any purpose until it shall have been 
entered in the stock records of the Corporation by an entry showing from and to whom transferred. 
Section 5.5. 
Special Designation on Certificates. 
The designations, preferences, and relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of 
stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights 
shall be set forth in full or summarized on the face or back of the certificate that the Corporation shall 
issue to represent such class or series of stock; provided, however, that, except as otherwise provided in 
Section 202 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware, in lieu of the foregoing requirements there may 


9 
 
be set forth on the face or back of the certificate that the Corporation shall issue to represent such class or 
series of stock a statement that the Corporation will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so 
requests the powers, designations, preferences, and the relative, participating, optional or other special 
rights of each class of stock, or series thereof, and the qualifications limitations or restrictions of such 
preferences and/or rights. 
Section 5.6. 
Stock Transfer Agreements. 
Subject to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, the Corporation shall have power to enter 
into and perform any agreement with any number of stockholders of any one or more classes, or series 
thereof, of stock of the Corporation to restrict the transfer of such shares owned by such stockholders in 
any manner not prohibited by the General Corporation Law of Delaware. 
Section 5.7. 
Registered Stockholders. 
The Corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the 
owner of shares to receive dividends and to vote as such owner, shall be entitled to hold liable for calls 
and assessments the person registered on its books as the owner of shares, and shall not be bound to 
recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of another person, 
whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by the laws of 
Delaware. 
Section 5.8. 
Other Regulations. 
The issue, transfer, conversion and registration of stock certificates shall be governed by such other 
regulations as the Board of Directors may establish. 
ARTICLE VI 
Section 6.1. 
Manner of Notice. 
Except as otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-laws, whenever notice 
is required to be given to any stockholder, Director or member of any committee of the Board of 
Directors, such notice may be given by personal delivery or by depositing it, in a sealed envelope, in the 
United States mails, first class, postage prepaid, addressed, or by transmitting it via telecopier, to such 
stockholder, Director or member, either at the address of such stockholder, Director or member as it 
appears on the records of the Corporation or, in the case of such a Director or member, at his or her 
business address; and such notice shall be deemed to be given at the time when it is thus personally 
delivered, deposited or transmitted, as the case may be. Such requirement for notice shall also be deemed 
satisfied, except in the case of stockholder meetings, if actual notice is received orally or by other writing 
by the person entitled thereto as far in advance of the event with respect to which notice is being given as 
the minimum notice period required by law or these By-laws. 
Section 6.2. 
Dispensation with Notice. 
(a) 
Whenever notice is required to be given by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-laws 
to any stockholder to whom (i) notice of two consecutive annual meetings of stockholders, and all notices 
of meetings of stockholders or (ii) all, and at least two, payments (if sent by first class mail) of dividends 
or interest on securities of the Corporation during a 12-month period, have been mailed addressed to such 
stockholder at the address of such stockholder as shown on the records of the Corporation and have been 


10 
 
returned undeliverable, the giving of such notice to such stockholder shall not be required.  Any action or 
meeting which shall be taken or held without notice to such stockholder shall have the same force and 
effect as if such notice had been duly given.  If any such stockholder shall deliver to the Corporation a 
written notice setting forth the then current address of such stockholder, the requirement that notice be 
given to such stockholder shall be reinstated. 
(b) 
Whenever notice is required to be given by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-laws 
to any person with whom communication is unlawful, the giving of such notice to such person shall not 
be required, and there shall be no duty to apply to any governmental authority or agency for a license or 
permit to give such notice to such person. Any action or meeting which shall be taken or held without 
notice to any such person with whom communication is unlawful shall have the same force and effect as 
if such notice had been duly given. 
Section 6.3. 
Waiver of Notice. 
Any written waiver of notice, signed by the person entitled to notice, whether before or after the time 
stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice.  Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a 
waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of 
objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not 
lawfully called or convened.  Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of any regular or 
special meeting of the stockholders, Directors, or members of a committee of Directors need be specified 
in any written waiver of notice. 
ARTICLE VII 
Section 7.1. 
Right to Indemnification. 
Each person who was or is made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is otherwise involved in 
any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (hereinafter a 
“proceeding”), by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a Director, officer, trustee, committee 
member or employee of the Corporation or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a 
Director, officer, trustee, committee member or employee of another corporation or of a partnership, joint 
venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to an employee benefit plan (hereinafter 
an “indemnitee”), shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Corporation to the fullest extent 
authorized by the DGCL, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended (but, in the case of any such 
amendment, only to the extent that such amendment permits the Corporation to provide broader 
indemnification rights than such law permitted the Corporation to provide prior to such amendment) 
against all expense, liability and loss (including attorneys’ fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes or 
penalties and amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred or suffered by such indemnitee in 
connection therewith; provided, however, that, except as provided in Section 7.3 of this Article VII of 
these By-laws with respect to proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification, the Corporation shall 
indemnify any such indemnitee in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such 
indemnitee only if such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board of Directors of the 
Corporation. 
Section 7.2. 
Right to Advancement of Expenses. 
Expenses (including attorney’s fees) incurred by an indemnitee in defending any proceeding shall be paid 
by the Corporation in advance of its final disposition (hereinafter an “advancement of expenses”); 
provided, however, that an advancement of expenses shall be made only upon delivery to the Corporation 


11 
 
of an undertaking (hereinafter an “undertaking”), by or on behalf of such indemnitee, to repay all amounts 
so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined by final judicial decision from which there is no further 
right to appeal (hereinafter a “final adjudication”) that such indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified 
for such expenses under this Section 7.2 of this Article VII of these By-laws or otherwise.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of these By-laws, no advance shall be made by the 
Corporation to an indemnitee who is not a Director or officer of the Corporation and no non-director or 
non-officer indemnitee shall be entitled to such advance (i) if a determination is reasonably and promptly 
made by the Board of Directors by a majority vote of those Directors who have not been named parties to 
the action, even though less than a quorum, or if there are no such Directors or if such Directors so direct, 
by independent legal counsel, that, based upon the facts known by the Board of Directors or such counsel 
at the time such determination is made: (x) the person seeking advancement of expenses (1) acted in bad 
faith, (2) did not act in a manner that he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best 
interests of the Corporation; or (3) acted contrary to, or omitted to act in accordance with, written policies 
of the Corporation applicable to such person; (y) with respect to any criminal proceeding, such person 
believed or had reason to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful; or (z) such person deliberately 
breached his or her duty to the Corporation, and (ii) unless an undertaking by or on behalf of such non-
director or non-officer indemnitee has been delivered to the Corporation and such indemnitee has 
provided such security or satisfied such conditions as may be imposed by the Board at the time of such 
delivery. 
The rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses conferred in Sections 7.1 and 7.2 of 
this Article VII of these By-laws shall be contract rights and such rights shall continue as to an indemnitee 
who has ceased to be a Director, officer, trustee, committee member or employee and shall inure to the 
benefit of the indemnitee’s heirs, executors and administrators.  
Section 7.3. 
Claims. 
If a claim for indemnification or advancement of expenses under this Article VII of these By-laws is not 
paid in full within sixty (60) days after a written claim therefor by an indemnitee has been received by the 
Corporation, the indemnitee may file suit to recover the unpaid amount of such claim and, if successful in 
whole or in part, shall be entitled to be paid the expense of prosecuting such claim. In any such action, the 
Corporation shall have the burden of proving that the indemnitee is not entitled to the requested 
indemnification or advancement of expenses under the DGCL. 
Section 7.4. 
Non-Exclusivity of Rights. 
The rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses conferred in this Article VII of these 
By-laws shall not be exclusive of any other right which any person may have or hereafter acquire under 
any statute, the Certificate of Incorporation, By-laws, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested 
Directors or otherwise. 
Section 7.5. 
Insurance.  
The Corporation may maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and any Director, officer, trustee, 
committee member, employee or agent of the Corporation or another corporation, partnership, joint 
venture, trust or other enterprise against any expense, liability or loss, whether or not the Corporation 
would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability or loss under the DGCL.  


12 
 
Section 7.6. 
Indemnification of Agents of the Corporation. 
The Corporation may, to the extent authorized from time to time by the Board of Directors of the 
Corporation, grant rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses to any agent of the 
Corporation to the fullest extent of the provisions of this Article VII of these By-laws with respect to the 
indemnification and advancement of expenses of the indemnitees hereunder.  
Section 7.7.  
Corporation Defense Expenses.  
Any member or member firm of the Corporation who fails to prevail in a lawsuit or any other type of 
legal proceeding instituted by that member or member firm against the Corporation or any of its officers, 
Directors, committee members, employees or agents must pay to the Corporation all reasonable expenses, 
including attorney’s fees, incurred by the Corporation in the defense of such proceeding. Any member or 
member firm required to compensate the Corporation pursuant to this section shall be assessed interest on 
such amount at the rate of Prime plus one percent (1%), which interest shall accrue from the date such 
amount was demanded in writing after the member or member firm failed to prevail in a lawsuit or any 
other type of legal proceeding against the Corporation.  
ARTICLE VIII 
Section 8.1. 
Form of Records. 
Any records maintained by the Corporation in the regular course of its business, including its stock 
ledger, books of account, and minute books, may be kept on, or be in the form of, magnetic tape, diskette, 
photographs, microphotographs, or any other information storage device, provided that the records so 
kept can be converted into clearly legible form within a reasonable time. The Corporation shall so convert 
any records so kept upon the request of any person entitled to inspect the same. 
Section 8.2. 
Execution of Corporate Contracts and Instruments. 
The Board of Directors, except as otherwise provided in these By-laws, may authorize any officer or 
officers, or agent or agents, to enter into any contract or execute any instrument in the name of and on 
behalf of the Corporation; such authority may be general or confined to specific instances.  Unless so 
authorized or ratified by the Board of Directors or within the agency power of an officer, no officer, agent 
or employee shall have any power or authority to bind the Corporation by any contract or engagement or 
to pledge its credit or to render it liable for any purpose or for any amount. 
Section 8.3. 
Severability. 
If any provision of these By-laws shall be held to be invalid, illegal, unenforceable or in conflict with the 
provisions of the Corporation's Certificate of Incorporation, then such provision shall nonetheless be 
enforced to the maximum extent possible consistent with such holding and the remaining provisions of 
these By-laws (including without limitation, all portions of any section of these By-laws containing any 
such provision held to be invalid, illegal, unenforceable or in conflict with the Certificate of 
Incorporation, that are not themselves invalid, illegal, unenforceable or in conflict with the Certificate of 
Incorporation) shall remain in full force and effect. 


13 
 
Section 8.4. 
Construction; Definitions. 
Unless the context requires otherwise, the general provisions, rules of construction, and definitions in the 
General Corporation Law of Delaware shall govern the construction of these By-laws.  Without limiting 
the generality of this provision, the singular number includes the plural, the plural number includes the 
singular, and the term "person" includes both a corporation and a natural person. 
Section 8.5. 
Dividends. 
The Board of Directors, subject to any restrictions contained in the General Corporation Law of Delaware 
or the Certificate of Incorporation, may declare and pay dividends upon the shares of its capital stock.  
Dividends may be paid only in cash or in property.  The Board of Directors may set apart out of any of 
the funds of the Corporation available for dividends a reserve or reserves for any proper purpose and may 
abolish any such reserve.  Such purposes shall include, but not be limited to, equalizing dividends, 
repairing or maintaining any property of the Corporation, and meeting contingencies. 
Section 8.6. 
Consolidated Rules of the Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. 
The affairs and operations of the Corporation in addition to being governed by the Delaware General 
Corporation Law, the Certificate of Incorporation and these By-Laws, shall also be governed by the 
Consolidated Rules of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. (the “CME Rules”).  Where there exists any 
inconsistency between the CME Rules and the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, the 
Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, the 
Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws shall govern to the extent of the inconsistency. 
Section 8.7. 
Transparency of Governance Arrangements 
For purposes of the Company’s activities as a swap data repository, the Company shall maintain 
governance arrangements that are transparent to support, among other things, the objectives set forth in 
Section 21(f)(2) of the Act and  Rule 91-507(8) as set forth by the Canadian Regulators and Section 2.4.1 
of ASIC Derivative Trade Repository Rules 2013.   
 
 
 


RESTATED 
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 
OF 
CHICAGO MERCANTILE EXCHANGE INC. 
 
The undersigned, Craig S. Donohue, certifies that he is the Chief Executive Officer of Chicago 
Mercantile Exchange Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware 
(the “Corporation”), and does hereby further certify as follows: 
(1) 
The name of the Corporation is Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. 
(2) 
The name under which the Corporation was originally incorporated was Chicago 
Mercantile Exchange Inc. and the original Certificate of Incorporation was filed with the Secretary of 
State of the State of Delaware on December 30, 1999. 
(3) 
This Restated Certificate of Incorporation was duly adopted in accordance with the 
provisions of Sections 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. 
(4) 
This Restated Certificate of Incorporation amends paragraph (3) of Article Fifth and 
restates the Certificate of Incorporation to read in its entirety, as follows: 
FIRST 
The name of the Corporation is Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. (hereinafter the "Corporation"). 
SECOND 
The address of the registered office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware is 1209 Orange Street, in 
the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, Delaware 19801.  The name of its registered agent at that 
address is The Corporation Trust Company. 
THIRD 
The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a corporation may be 
organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware as set forth in Title 8 of the 
Delaware Code (the "DGCL"). 
FOURTH 
The total number of shares of stock which the Corporation shall have authority to issue is One Thousand 
(1000) shares of Common Stock, each having a par value of one cent ($.01). 
FIFTH 
The following provisions are inserted for the management of the business and the conduct of the affairs of 
the Corporation, and for further definition, limitation and regulation of the powers of the Corporation and 
of its Board of Directors and shareholders: 
(1) 
The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the 
Board of Directors. 


(2) 
The Board of Directors shall have concurrent power with the shareholders to make, alter, amend, 
change, add to or repeal the By Laws of the Corporation. 
(3) 
The number of directors of the Corporation shall be as from time to time fixed by, or in the 
manner provided in, the By Laws of the Corporation.  Election of directors need not be by written ballot 
unless the By Laws so provide.  The Board of Directors of the Corporation shall at all times be comprised 
of the same directors as those of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Holdings Inc., the sole stockholder of the 
Corporation; provided, however, that any director that is suspended or expelled from membership of the 
Corporation shall automatically be removed from the Board of Directors of the Corporation. 
 (4) 
No director shall be personally liable to the Corporation or any of its shareholders for monetary 
damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except for liability (i) for any breach of the director's 
duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its shareholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which 
involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL 
or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit.  Any repeal or 
modification of this Article FIFTH by the shareholders of the Corporation shall not adversely affect any 
right or protection of a director of the Corporation existing at the time of such repeal or modification with 
respect to acts or omissions occurring prior to such repeal or modification. 
(5) 
In addition to the powers and authority hereinbefore or by statute expressly conferred upon them, 
the directors are hereby empowered to exercise all such powers and do all such acts and things as may be 
exercised or done by the Corporation, subject, nevertheless, to the provisions of the DGCL, this Restated 
Certificate of Incorporation, and any By Laws adopted by the shareholders; provided, however, that no 
By Laws hereafter adopted by the shareholders shall invalidate any prior act of the directors which would 
have been valid if such By Laws had not been adopted. 
SIXTH 
Meetings of shareholders may be held within or without the State of Delaware, as the By Laws may 
provide.  The books of the Corporation may be kept (subject to any provision contained in the DGCL) 
outside the State of Delaware at such place or places as may be designated from time to time by the Board 
of Directors or in the By Laws of the Corporation. 
SEVENTH 
The Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in this 
Restated Certificate of Incorporation, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by statute, and all rights 
conferred upon shareholders herein are granted subject to this reservation. 
 
I, THE UNDERSIGNED, being an officer of the Corporation, do make this Certificate, hereby 
declaring and certifying that this is my act and deed and the facts stated herein are true, and accordingly 
have hereunto set my hand this __ day of April, 2004 
 
 
 
 
 
 


BL-1 
ICE Futures U.S.®, Inc. 
  
BYLAWS 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Section 
Subject 
ARTICLE I—DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATIONS 
1.1 
1.2 
1.3 
ARTICLE II—OFFICES 
2.1 
ARTICLE III—MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
3.1 
Annual Meetings 
3.2 
Special Meetings 
3.3 
Stockholder List 
3.4 
Quorum 
3.5 
Adjournment 
3.6 
Organization 
3.7 
Vote; Proxies 
3.8 
Record Dates 
 
ARTICLE IV-DIRECTORS 
4.1 
Number; Election; Qualifications 
4.2 
Vacancies 
4.3 
Board Authority; Transaction Fee 
4.4 
Meetings 
4.5 
Quorum 
4.6 
Organization 
4.7 
Action by Written Consent 
4.8 
Participation in Meetings by Means of Remote Communication 
4.9 
Committees of the Board 
  
ARTICLE V-TRADING MEMBERSHIPS AND TRADING PERMITS; CLEARING 
5.1 
Issuance of Trading Memberships and Trading Permits 
5.2 
Eligibility Criteria and Procedures 
5.3 
Financial Standards, Reporting Requirements and Treatment of 
 
Customer Funds 
5.4 
Failure to Pay Fees and Other Amounts 
5.5 
Notice 
5.6 
Effects of Suspension or Termination 
5.7 
Transferability of Trading Memberships and Trading Permits 
5.8 
Clearing 


BL-2 
 
ARTICLE VI— COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS 
6.1 
ARTICLE VII- EXCHANGE COMMITTEES; TRADE COMMITTEES 
7.1 
Exchange Committees 
7.2 
Trade Committees 
 
ARTICLE VIII— NOTICES 
8.1 
ARTICLE IX-OFFICERS 
9.1 
9.2 
9.3 
9.4 
ARTICLE X— CERTIFICATES OF STOCK 
10.1 
ARTICLE XI-REGISTERED STOCKHOLDERS  
11.1 
 
ARTICLE XII-FISCAL YEAR 
12.1 
ARTICLE XIII—INDEMNIFICATION; EXCULPATION AND INSURANCE 
13.1  
ARTICLE XIV—SEAL 
14.1 
ARTICLE XV—TIME PERIODS 
15.1 
ARTICLE XVI-AMENDMENTS 
16.1 
16.2 
ARTICLE XVII-MISCELLANEOUS 
17.1 
17.2 
17.3 
17.4 


BL-3 
ICE FUTURES U.S.®, INC. 
 
BYLAWS 
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
 
Section 1.1. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in  
the Rules. 
 
Section 1.2. Any reference in these Bylaws to the Delaware General Corporation Law shall be to 
the Delaware General Corporation Law as it now exists or as it may hereafter be amended. 
 
Section 1.3. To the extent that there is any conflict or inconsistency between the Bylaws and the 
Rules, the Bylaws shall control. 
 
Section 1.4  The Rules of the Exchange (other than these Bylaws) shall be governed by and 
construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to 
the conflict of laws provisions thereof.   
 
 
Amended by the Board July 22, 2013; effective August 26, 2013 [¶ Section 1.1 and Section 1.3]. 
 
Adopted by the Board September 30, 2015; effective October 27, 2015 [¶ Section 1.4]. 
 
ARTICLE II 
OFFICES 
 
Section 2.1. The registered office of ICE Futures U.S.®, Inc. (the “Corporation”) shall be in the 
City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, State of Delaware. The Corporation may also have 
offices at such other places both within and without the State of Delaware as the Board of 
directors of the Corporation (the “Board of Directors”) may from time to time determine or the 
business of the Corporation may require. 
 
Amended by the Board March 18, 2009; effective March 20, 2009. 
 
ARTICLE III 
MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
 
Section 3.1. Annual Meetings 
 
(a) Annual meetings of stockholders shall be held at such date and time as shall be designated 
from time to time by the Board of Directors and stated in the notice of meeting, at which they 
shall elect the Board of Directors and transact such other business as may properly be brought 
before the meeting. 
 
(b) Notice of the annual meeting stating the place, if any, date and hour of the meeting, and 
the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders may be deemed to be present 
in person and vote at such meeting, shall be given to each stockholder entitled to vote at such 
meeting not fewer than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting. If 
mailed, such notice shall be deemed to be given when deposited in the United States mail, 
postage prepaid, directed to the stockholder at such stockholder’s address as it appears on the 
records of the Corporation. 
 


BL-4 
Section 3.2. Special Meetings 
 
(a) Special meetings of the stockholders, for any purpose or purposes, unless otherwise 
prescribed by statute or by the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation (the “Certificate of 
Incorporation”), may be called at any time by the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board, 
if any, or the Chief Executive Officer, or by the Secretary upon the written request of holders of 
common stock representing in the aggregate at least 50% of the shares of common stock 
outstanding at such time. Such request shall state the purpose or purposes of the proposed 
meeting. At any special meeting, only such business may be transacted which is related to the 
purpose or purposes set forth in the notice of such special meeting given pursuant to Section 
3.2(b) of these Bylaws. 
 
(b) Notice of a special meeting stating the place, if any, date and hour of the meeting and the 
purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called, and the means of remote communications, if 
any, by which stockholders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting, 
shall be given not fewer than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of the 
meeting, to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting. If mailed, such notice shall be 
deemed to be given when deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, directed to the 
stockholder at such stockholder’s address as it appears on the records of the Corporation. 
 
Section 3.3. Stockholder List 
 
At the written request of any stockholder, the Secretary shall prepare and make, at least ten 
(10) days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to 
vote at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder 
and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the 
examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary 
business hours, for a period of at least ten (10) days prior to the meeting, either at a place within 
the city where the meeting is to be held, which place shall be specified in the notice of meeting, 
or, if not so specified, at the place where the meeting is to be held. The list shall also be produced 
and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof and may be inspected 
by any stockholder who is present. 
 
Section 3.4. Quorum 
 
The holders of a majority of the stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote thereat, 
present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at all meetings of the 
stockholders for the transaction of business except as otherwise provided by statute or by the 
Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws. When a quorum is once present to organize a 
meeting, it is not broken by the subsequent withdrawal of any stockholders. The stockholders 
present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote may, by a majority of the votes cast, adjourn the 
meeting despite the absence of a quorum. 
 
Section 3.5. Adjournment 
 
Any meeting of stockholders, annual or special, may be adjourned from time to time in 
accordance with Section 3.6 hereof, to reconvene at the same or some other place, if any, and 
notice need not be given of any such adjourned meeting if the time and place thereof, and the 
means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders may be deemed to be present in 
person and vote at such meeting, are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken. 
At the adjourned meeting the Corporation may transact any business which might have been 


BL-5 
transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than thirty (30) days, or if after 
the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned 
meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting in conformity 
with the requirements of these Bylaws. 
 
Section 3.6. Organization 
 
Meetings of stockholders shall be presided over by the Chairman of the Board, if any, or in 
the absence of the Chairman of the Board by the Vice Chairman of the Board, if any, or in the 
absence of the Vice Chairman of the Board by the Chief Executive Officer, or in the absence of 
the Chief Executive Officer by a Vice President, or in the absence of the foregoing persons by a 
Chairman designated by the Board of Directors, or in the absence of such designation by a 
Chairman chosen at the meeting. The Secretary, or in the absence of the Secretary an Assistant 
Secretary, shall act as Secretary of the meeting, but in absence of the Secretary and any Assistant 
Secretary the Chairman of the meeting may appoint any person to act as Secretary of the meeting. 
The order of business at each such meeting shall be as determined by the Chairman of the 
meeting. The Chairman of the meeting shall have the right, power and authority to adjourn a 
meeting of stockholders for a reasonable period of time to another place, if any, date and time, 
and to prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and to do all such acts and things as are 
necessary or desirable for the proper conduct of the meeting and are not inconsistent with any 
rules, regulations or procedures adopted by the Board of Directors pursuant to the provisions of 
the Certification of Incorporation, including, without limitation, the establishment of procedures 
for the maintenance of order and safety, limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments 
on the affairs of the Corporation, restrictions on entry to such meeting after the time prescribed 
for the commencement thereof and the opening and closing of the voting polls for each item upon 
which a vote is to be taken. 
 
Section 3.7. Vote; Proxies 
 
Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, each stockholder entitled to 
vote at any meeting of stockholders shall be entitled to one (1) vote for each share of stock held 
by such stockholder which has voting power upon the matter in question. Each stockholder 
entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders or to express consent or dissent to corporate action in 
writing without a meeting may authorize another Person or Persons to act for such stockholder by 
proxy, but no such proxy shall be voted or acted upon after three (3) years from its date, unless 
the proxy provides for a longer period. A duly executed proxy shall be irrevocable if it states that 
it is irrevocable and if, and only as long as, it is coupled with an interest sufficient in law to 
support an irrevocable power, regardless of whether the interest with which it is coupled is an 
interest in the stock itself or an interest in the Corporation generally. A stockholder may revoke 
any proxy which is not irrevocable by attending the meeting and voting in person or by filing an 
instrument in writing revoking the proxy or another duly executed proxy bearing a later date with 
the Secretary of the Corporation. Voting at meetings of stockholders need not be by written ballot 
and need not be conducted by inspectors unless the holders of a majority of outstanding shares of 
all classes of stock entitled to vote thereon present in person or represented by proxy at such 
meeting shall so determine. Directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes of the shares 
present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the election of 
directors. In all other matters, unless otherwise provided by law or by the Certificate of 
Incorporation or these Bylaws, the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares 
present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the subject matter 
shall be the act of the stockholders. Where a separate vote by class or classes is required, the 
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of such class or classes present in 


BL-6 
person or represented by proxy at the meeting shall be the act of such class or classes, except as 
otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws. 
 
Section 3.8. Record Dates 
 
(a) In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to 
vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, the Board of Directors may fix a 
record date, or delegate the task of fixing a record date to a committee consisting of one (1) or 
more directors of the Corporation, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the 
resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which record date shall 
not be more sixty (60) nor less than ten (10) days before the date of such meeting. If no record 
date is fixed by the Board of Directors, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to 
notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next 
preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the 
day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. A determination of stockholders of 
record entitled to vote notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any 
adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record 
date for the adjourned meeting. 
 
(b) In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to consent to 
corporate action in writing without a meeting, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which 
record date shall not preceded the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted 
by the Board of Directors, and which date shall not be more than ten (10) days after the date upon 
which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors. If no record date 
has been fixed by the Board of Directors, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to 
consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, when no prior action by the Board of 
Directors is required by law, shall be the first date on which a signed written consent setting forth 
the action taken or proposed to be taken is delivered to the Corporation by delivery to its 
registered office in the State of Delaware, its principal place of business, or an officer or agent of 
the Corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are 
recorded. Delivery made to the Corporation’s registered office shall be by hand or by certified or 
registered mail, return receipt requested. If no record date has been fixed by the Board of 
Directors and prior action by the Board of Directors is required by law, the record date for 
determining stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting shall 
be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution 
taking such prior action. 
 
(c) In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment 
of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights or the stockholders entitled to 
exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of shares of capital stock of 
the Corporation (“Shares”), or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors 
may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution 
fixing the record date is adopted and which record date shall be not more that sixty (60) days 
prior to such action. If no record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders for 
any such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors 
adopts the resolution relating thereto. 
 
Section 3.9. Action by Written Consent 
 
Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or by law, whenever 
stockholders are required or permitted to take any action by vote, such action may be taken 


BL-7 
without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, 
setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding shares having not 
less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action 
at a meeting at which all Shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted. Prompt notice of 
the taking of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall 
be given to those stockholders who have not consented in writing and who, if the action had been 
taken at a meeting, would have been entitled to notice of the meeting if the record date for such 
meeting had been the date that written consents signed by a sufficient number of stockholders to 
take the action were delivered to the Corporation as provided in this Section 3.9. 
 
ARTICLE IV 
DIRECTORS 
 
Section 4.1. Number; Election Qualifications 
 
(a) The number of directors constituting the entire Board of Directors shall be seven (7), 
consisting of two individuals who are executive officers or directors of, or advisers to, 
Intercontinental Exchange, Inc. (“ICE”) or any successor to, or successor owner of, ICE, the 
President of the Corporation, three (3) representatives who are not IFUS Members and qualify as 
Public Directors, and one other individual elected by the shareholders, and acting by a majority 
vote of the total number of directors. The number of directors may be such other number, not less 
than three (3), fixed from time to time by the Board of Directors, acting by a majority vote of the 
total number of directors which the Corporation would have, prior to any increase or decrease, 
determined as if there were no vacancies, provided, that no decrease shall shorten the term of any 
incumbent director. 
 
(b) Each director shall be elected by the stockholders at their annual meeting. Each director 
shall hold office until the next election, and until his or her successor is elected and qualified or 
until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal. Any director may resign at any time upon 
written notice or by electronic transmission given to the Board of Directors or to the Chief 
Executive Officer or the Secretary of the Corporation. Such resignation shall take effect at the 
time specified therein, and unless otherwise specified therein, no acceptance of such resignation 
shall be necessary to make it effective. 
 
(c) Directors need not be stockholders. 
 
(d) In the event applicable CFTC rules or other requirements require that additional directors 
of the Corporation qualify as Public Directors, the Board of Directors, after consultation with the 
Public Directors, shall cause the Corporation to take all necessary actions to increase the size of 
the Board of Directors by such number of Public Directors as is necessary to satisfy then 
applicable laws or CFTC rules or requirements relating to the independence of directors. 
 
Amended by the Board May 22, 2007; effective May 23, 2007 [¶ (a)]. 
Amended by the Board May 20, 2010; effective May 25, 2010 [¶¶ (a), (b) and (d)]. 
Amended by the Board July 22, 2013; effective August 26, 2013 [¶¶ (a) and (b)]. 
Amended by the Board April 28, 2021; effective May 15, 2021 [¶ (a)]. 
Amended by the Board March 16, 2022; effective April 18, 2022 [¶ (a)]. 
 
 
 
 


BL-8 
Section 4.2. Vacancies 
 
Any vacancies resulting from death, resignation, disqualification, removal or other cause and 
newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors or 
from any other cause, shall be filled by, and only by, directors then in office, even if less than a 
quorum, or by the sole remaining director. Any director elected or appointed to fill a vacancy or a 
newly created directorship shall hold office until the next annual election and until his or her 
successor is duly elected and shall qualify, or until his or her earlier resignation or removal. 
 
Amended by the Board May 20, 2010; effective May 25, 2010. 
Amended by the Board July 22, 2013; effective August 26, 2013. 
 
Section 4.3. Board Authority; Transaction Fees 
 
The business of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of its Board of 
Directors. The Board of Directors may from time to time adopt resolutions that impose fees or 
charges for each Commodity Contract purchased or sold on the Exchange or subject to the Rules.  
In fixing the amount of any such fees or charges, the Board of Directors may, in its discretion, 
establish different rates for Transactions in different Commodity Contracts, or for different types 
of Transactions involving the same Commodity Contract, or may omit any such fees or charges 
with respect to any type of Transaction or may establish different rates based on such other 
factors as the Board of Directors may determine are appropriate.  Such fees and charges shall be 
paid or collected by Persons in accordance with such terms and conditions as the Board of 
Directors may prescribe.  If any Person fails to pay any fee or charge required pursuant to this 
Section, the Corporation may, in addition to any other rights or remedies it may have, order that 
any trading in Commodity Contracts for such Person’s account be for liquidation only until such 
fees or charges are paid. 
 
Amended by the Board July 22, 2013; effective August 26, 2013. 
 
Section 4.4. Meetings 
 
The Board of Directors may hold meetings, both regular and special, either within or without 
the State of Delaware. 
 
(a) Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at such time and at such place as 
shall from time to time be determined by the Board of Directors and publicized among all 
directors, and if so determined and publicized, notice thereof need not be given. 
 
(b) Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by the Chairman of the Board, if 
any, by the Vice Chairman of the Board, if any, by the Chief Executive Officer or by any two (2) 
directors on reasonable notice to each director either personally or by mail, e-mail or facsimile, 
which notice, with respect to each director, may be waived in writing by such director. 
 
Section 4.5. Quorum 
 
At each meeting of the Board of Directors, a majority of the total number of directors fixed 
hereby (including any vacancies) shall constitute a quorum. The vote of a majority of the 
directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board of 
Directors unless the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws shall require a vote of a greater 
number. In case at any meeting of the Board of Directors a quorum shall not be present, the 


BL-9 
members of the Board of Directors present may adjourn the meeting from time to time until a 
quorum shall be present. 
 
 
 
Section 4.6. Organization 
 
Meetings of the Board of Directors shall be presided over by the Chairman of the Board, if 
any, or in the absence of the Chairman of the Board by the Vice Chairman of the Board, if any, or 
in the absence of the Vice Chairman of the Board by the Chief Executive Officer, or in their 
absence by a Chairman chosen at the meeting. The Secretary, or in the absence of the Secretary 
an Assistant Secretary, shall act as Secretary of the meeting, but in the absence of the Secretary 
and any Assistant Secretary the Chairman of the meeting may appoint any person to act as 
Secretary of the meeting. 
 
Section 4.7. Action by Written Consent 
 
Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or any 
committee thereof may be taken without a meeting if all of the members of the Board of Directors 
or of such committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission 
and the writing or writings or transmission or transmissions are filed with the minutes of the 
Corporation. Such filing shall be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper form and 
shall be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form. 
 
Section 4.8. Participation in Meetings by Means of Remote Communication 
 
Members of the Board of Directors, or of any committee designated by the Board of 
Directors, may participate in a meeting of the Board of Directors or of such committee, as the 
case may be, by means of conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of 
which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such participation in a 
meeting shall constitute presence in person at the meeting. 
 
Section 4.9. Committees of the Board 
 
(a) The Board of Directors may designate one (1) or more committees, each committee to 
consist of one (1) or more of the directors of the Corporation. The Board of Directors may 
designate one (1) or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any 
absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification 
of a member of a committee, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not 
disqualified from voting, whether or not such member or members constitute a quorum, may 
unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place 
of any such absent or disqualified member. 
 
(b) Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board of Directors, 
shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the 
management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the 
Corporation to be affixed to all papers that require it; but no such committee shall have such 
power or authority in reference to the following matters: (a) approving or adopting, or 
recommending to the stockholders, any action or matter expressly required by the Delaware 
General Corporation Law to be submitted to stockholders for approval; and (b) adopting, 
amending or repealing any provision of these Bylaws. 


BL-10 
 
(c) Unless the Board of Directors otherwise provides, each committee designated by the 
Board of Directors may adopt, amend and repeal rules for the conduct of its business. In the 
absence of a provision by the Board of Directors or a provision in the rules of such committee to 
the contrary, a majority of the entire authorized number of members of such committee shall 
constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, the vote of a majority of the members present 
at a meeting at the time of such vote if a quorum is then present shall be the act of such 
committee, and in other respects each committee shall conduct its business in the same manner as 
the Board of Directors conducts its business pursuant to Article IV of these Bylaws. 
 
Amended by the Board July 22, 2013; effective August 26, 2013 [¶¶ (a) through (c)]. 
 
ARTICLE V 
MEMBERSHIPS AND TRADING PERMITS; CLEARING 
 
Section 5.1. Issuance of Memberships and Permits 
 
The Corporation may issue memberships and permits in such numbers and for such 
consideration as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine, subject to these Bylaws 
and the Rules. 
 
The holder of a membership or permit shall have only such rights and privileges as are set 
forth in these Bylaws, the Rules or as prescribed by the Board of Directors, which rights will exist 
as a matter of contract only and shall not constitute stockholders within the meaning of the 
Delaware General Corporation Law, the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws or the Rules, 
shall not have any of the rights and privileges of stockholders and shall have only such rights and 
privileges as are set forth in the Rules or as prescribed by the Board of Directors, which rights 
will exist as a matter of contract only.  No director or officer of the Exchange shall have any 
fiduciary duty, obligation or responsibility of any nature to the holder of a membership or permit 
by virtue of such contractual rights.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the holder 
of a membership or permit will not have any voting rights in the Corporation or any rights to 
receive any distributions of cash, securities or other property, whether on dissolution, liquidation, 
merger, consolidation or otherwise. 
 
 
Adopted by the Board July 22, 2013; effective August 26, 2013. 
 
Adopted by the Board April 9, 2014; effective May 31, 2014 [¶ (b]. 
 
Amended by the Board September 30, 2015; effective January 1, 2016. 
 
Section 5.2. Eligibility Criteria and Procedures.   
 
The Board of Directors may from time to time adopt eligibility criteria and application 
procedures to acquire a membership or permit. 
 
 
Adopted by the Board July 22, 2013; effective August 26, 2013. 
 
Amended by the Board September 30, 2015; effective January 1, 2016. 
 
Section 5.3. Financial Standards, Reporting Requirements and Treatment of Customer 
Funds  
 
The Board of Directors may from time to time adopt minimum financial standards and related 
reporting requirements to be complied with by the holders of memberships and permits as a 
continuing condition to exercising or maintaining such status and, for purposes of imposing such 


BL-11 
standards and requirements, the Board of Directors may create such categories as it deems 
necessary or appropriate. 
 
 
Adopted by the Board July 22, 2013; effective August 26, 2013. 
 
 
Amended by the Board September 10, 2014; effective October 2, 2014. 
 
Amended by the Board September 30, 2015; effective January 1, 2016. 
 
Section 5.4.  Failure to Pay Fees and Other Amounts. 
 
(a) If any Member shall fail to pay any fees, charges or other amounts owing, directly or 
indirectly, to the Corporation, when and as provided in the Rules or in any agreement to which 
such Person is a party, and such failure shall not be corrected within thirty (30) days following 
written notice by the Corporation that such fees or other amounts are in arrears, such Person shall 
be suspended automatically, and shall remain suspended until such arrearage, together with any 
other amounts which accrued and remain unpaid since the date of the suspension, is paid, and 
such Person is reinstated as provided in this Section.  Any such Person that makes full payment in 
good funds within thirty (30) days of the suspension shall be automatically reinstated effective the 
day following receipt by the Corporation.  Any such suspended Person that makes full payment in 
good funds after thirty (30) days from the date of the suspension but prior to ninety (90) days 
thereafter may be reinstated as provided in the Rules. 
 
(b) If a Person suspended pursuant to paragraph (a) of this Section 5 shall fail to pay the 
arrearage upon which such suspension was based within ninety (90) days following the effective 
date of any such suspension such Person shall automatically have all Exchange rights and 
privileges terminated. 
Adopted by the Board July 22, 2013; effective August 26, 2013. 
Amended by the Board September 30, 2015; effective January 1, 2016[¶¶ (a) and (b)].  
 
Section 5.5. Notice.   
 
Notice of all fees, charges and other amounts shall be mailed by the Corporation to each 
Person owing any such amount at his address on file with the Corporation; provided, however, 
that non-receipt shall not operate to release any such Person from the obligation to make 
payment, extend time for payment, or relieve any such Person from any penalties for non-
payment. 
 
 
Adopted by the Board July 22, 2013; effective August 26, 2013. 
 
Section 5.6. Effect of Suspension or Termination. 
 
(a) A Member whose rights and privileges have been suspended shall remain subject to all of 
the Rules, and continue to be liable for fees, charges and other amounts imposed by the 
Corporation; and obligated to the Corporation for all Commodity Contracts, obligations and 
liabilities entered into or incurred before, during and after suspension. 
 
(b) A Member whose rights and privileges have been terminated shall remain and continue to 
be liable for all fees, charges and other amounts imposed by the Corporation prior to termination 
of such rights and privileges; obligated to the Corporation for all Commodity Contracts, 
obligations and liabilities entered into or incurred prior to such termination; and liable for all fines 
and other penalties imposed subsequent to the termination of rights and privileges which are 


BL-12 
based upon Rule violations committed prior to said termination if an investigation into said 
violations shall have been commenced within six (6) months of the effective date of such 
termination. 
 
 
Adopted by the Board July 22, 2013; effective August 26, 2013. 
 
Amended by the Board September 30, 2015; effective January 1, 2016 [¶¶ (a) and (b)]. 
 
Section 5.7. Reserved 
 
Section 5.8. Clearing. 
 
(a) Each of ICE Clear U.S.®, Inc. and ICE Clear Europe is hereby designated as a Clearing 
Organization authorized to clear Transactions in such Commodity Contracts as the Board may 
specify from time to time.  The Board of Directors may from time to time designate one (1) or 
more additional clearing organizations as being authorized to clear any or all Transactions. 
 
(b) In order to be eligible to be a member of any Clearing Organization designated pursuant 
to the preceding paragraph, a Firm shall satisfy the requirements for Clearing Members set forth 
in the Exchange Rules and satisfy the requirements of the relevant Clearing Organization.  
 
 
Adopted by the Board July 22, 2013; effective August 26, 2013. 
 
Amended by the Board September 30, 2015; effective January 1, 2016 [¶¶ (a) and (b)]. 
  
ARTICLE VI 
COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS 
 
Section 6.1. Any action taken by the Board of Directors or any committee thereof with respect to 
the compensation and benefits of directors of the Corporation shall be approved by the 
stockholders. 
 
ARTICLE VII 
EXCHANGE COMMITTEES; TRADE COMMITTEES 
 
Section 7.1. Exchange Committees  
 
The Exchange shall have such committees (“Exchange Committees”) as are provided for in 
the Rules or as the Board of Directors shall appoint from time to time. Subject to the limitations 
provided in these Bylaws on the authority and power of Trade Committees, Exchange 
Committees shall have such powers as may be delegated to them from time to time by the Board 
of Directors; provided, however, that such powers shall in no case exceed such powers as the 
Board of Directors might delegate lawfully to an officer of the Exchange. Unless otherwise 
specifically provided in the Rules, Exchange Committees shall have such number and 
composition as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine. The President of ICE 
Futures U.S., Inc. may add to, or remove from, any Exchange Committee such individual(s) as he 
deems necessary and appropriate until the next meeting of the Board, consistent with the charter 
for such committee. All such interim changes shall be subject to ratification by the Board. The 
Board shall appoint a chairman of every committee and may appoint such vice chairmen as 
deemed desirable. The Exchange Committees shall not be deemed to be committees of the Board 
of Directors. 
 
 
Adopted by the Board July 22, 2013; effective August 26, 2013. 


BL-13 
Section 7.2. Trade Committees.   
(a) The Corporation shall have one trade committee with respect to each of the Core Products 
(each, a “Trade Committee”).  Each Trade Committee shall consist of such number of individuals 
as the Board shall determine, and shall consist of individuals who are actively engaged, or 
employed by a firm that is actively engaged, in trading the relevant Core Products, along with 
such other individuals as the Board may appoint.  The Board shall endeavor to appoint to each 
Trade Committee representatives from diverse interests within the user community, such as the 
Core Product industry, FCMs, asset managers and other traders.  The Chairman of the Board shall 
be an ex officio member of each Trade Committee without a right to vote.  Each member of a 
Trade Committee shall serve for a one-year term, subject to reappointment in accordance with 
this Bylaw.   
(b) The Board shall appoint a Chairman for each Trade Committee.  The Chairman of the 
Board of Directors may add to, or remove from, any Trade Committee such individual(s) as he 
deems necessary and appropriate until the next meeting of the Board, consistent with the 
composition requirements for such committee.  All such interim changes shall be subject to 
ratification by the Board. 
 
(c) Unless otherwise specifically provided in the Rules, regular meetings of Trade 
Committees shall be held on such date and at such time as the Trade Committee shall determine. 
The Chairman of any Trade Committee shall have the authority to call a special meeting of such 
Trade Committee to be held on such date and at such time as the Chairman shall determine. 
Notice of all meetings of Trade Committees may be in writing, by telephone, or by other means 
of communication.  With the consent of the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation, the 
Chairman of the Board may call a meeting on twenty-four (24) hour’s notice.  The Chairman of 
the Board may call any other meeting on not less than two (2) Business Days’ notice before such 
meeting, which notice may be in writing served at the offices of the members of the Trade 
Committee, by telephone, by facsimile, by email or any other reasonable means of 
communication. 
(d) Any action required or permitted to be taken by a Trade Committee may be taken without 
a meeting if the number of members of the Trade Committee necessary to take such action 
consent in writing to the taking of such action. Any one (1) or more members of a Trade 
Committee may participate in a meeting by means of a conference telephone or similar 
communications device allowing all Persons participating in the meeting to hear each other at the 
same time.  Participation by such means shall constitute presence in person at a meeting. 
 (e) Unless otherwise specifically provided in the Rules, a majority of the entire Trade 
Committee shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business by such Trade Committee. 
Unless otherwise specifically provided in the Rules, any action taken by a vote of a majority of 
the Trade Committee members present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be deemed 
to be a valid action of such Trade Committee. 
(f) Each Trade Committee shall have and may exercise only the power or authority of 
recommending to the Board any modifications to the contractual terms and conditions and 
advising the Board with respect to such terms and conditions of the product over which such 
Trade Committee has authority.  For the avoidance of doubt, no Trade Committee shall have the 
power or authority to prevent the implementation of a decision by the Board of Directors with 
respect to, or make or reject, any proposed changes with respect to any other Commodity 
Contract or other operations of the Exchange.   


BL-14 
 
Adopted by the Board July 22, 2013; effective August 26, 2013. 
 
  
ARTICLE VIII 
NOTICES 
 
Section 8.1. Whenever any notice is required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these 
Bylaws to be given, a waiver thereof in writing, signed by the person or persons entitled to said 
notice, or a waiver thereof by electronic transmission by such person, whether given before or 
after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent thereto. Attendance of a person at a 
meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a 
meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of 
any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be 
transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the stockholders, directors or 
members of a committee of directors need be specified in any written waiver of notice unless so 
required by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws. If mailed, notice to stockholders 
shall be deemed given when deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, directed to the stockholder at 
the stockholder’s address as it appears on the records of the Corporation. Without limiting the 
manner by which notices otherwise may be given effectively to stockholders, any notice to 
stockholders may be given by electronic transmission in the manner provided in Section 232 of 
the Delaware General Corporation Law. 
 
ARTICLE IX 
OFFICERS 
 
Section 9.1. The Board of Directors may elect from among its members a Chairman of the Board 
and Vice Chairman of the Board. The Board of Directors may also choose officers of the 
Corporation, which may include a Chief Executive Officer, a President, one (1) or more Senior 
Vice Presidents, a Chief Financial Officer and a Secretary (collectively, the “Senior Officers”) 
and may also choose one (1) or more Vice Presidents, Assistant Secretaries, Treasurers and 
Assistant Treasurers and such other officers as the Board of Directors may deem desirable or 
appropriate and may give any of them such further designations or alternate titles as it considers 
desirable. In addition, the Board of Directors at any time and from time to time may authorize any 
officer of the Corporation to appoint one (1) or more officers of the kind described in the 
immediately preceding sentence (other than any Senior Officers). Any number of offices may be 
held by the same person and directors may hold any office, unless the Certificate of Incorporation 
or these Bylaws otherwise provide. 
 
Amended by the Board May 20, 2010; effective May 25, 2010. 
 
Section 9.2. Unless otherwise provided in the resolution of the Board of Directors electing or 
authorizing the appointment of any officer, each officer of the Corporation shall hold office until 
his or her successor is chosen and qualifies or until his or her earlier resignation or removal. Any 
officer may resign at any time upon written notice to the Board of Directors or to the Chief 
Executive Officer or the Secretary of the Corporation. Such resignation shall take effect at the 
time specified therein or, if no time is so specified, immediately upon delivery, and unless 
otherwise specified therein no acceptance of such resignation shall be necessary to make it 
effective. Any officer may be removed with or without cause at any time by the affirmative vote 
of a majority of the Board of Directors. Any officer authorized by the Board of Directors to 
appoint a person to hold an office of the Corporation may also remove such person from such 


BL-15 
office with or without cause at any time, unless otherwise provided in the resolution of the Board 
of Directors providing such authorization. Any such removal shall be without prejudice to the 
contractual rights of such officer, if any, with the Corporation, but the election of an officer shall 
not of itself create contractual rights. Any vacancy occurring in any office of the Corporation 
shall be filled by the Board of Directors. 
 
Section 9.3. Any action taken by the Board of Directors or any committee thereof with respect to 
the compensation and benefits of officers of the Corporation shall be approved by the 
stockholders. 
 
Section 9.4. During any time at which there is no Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation, 
any and all rights, powers and authority granted to the Chief Executive Officer under these 
Bylaws (including the Annexes hereto) shall be exercised by the President of the Corporation 
until such time as the Board of Directors elects a Chief Executive Officer. 
 
Adopted by the Board January 24, 2007; effective March 1, 2007.  
 
ARTICLE X 
CERTIFICATES OF STOCK 
 
Section 10.1. The shares of stock in the Corporation shall be uncertificated shares except, to the 
extent, if any, required by applicable law, every holder of stock in the Corporation shall be 
entitled to have a certificate, signed by, or in the name of the Corporation by the Chief Executive 
Officer or a Vice President and the Chief Financial Officer or an Assistant Treasurer, the 
Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Corporation, certifying the number of shares of stock 
registered in certificate form owned by him or her in the Corporation. Any of or all the signatures 
on any such certificate may be facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has 
signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate is issued, it may be issued 
by the Corporation with the same effect as if he were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at 
the date of issue. 
 
ARTICLE XI 
REGISTERED STOCKHOLDERS 
 
Section 11.1. The Corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a Person 
registered on its books as the owner of shares to receive dividends, and to vote as such owner, and 
shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares 
on the part of any other Person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except 
as otherwise provided by the laws of the State of Delaware. 
 
ARTICLE XII 
FISCAL YEAR 
 
Section 12.1. The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be the calendar year or such other period as 
may be fixed by the Board of Directors. 
 


BL-16 
ARTICLE XIII 
INDEMNIFICATION, EXCULPATION AND INSURANCE 
 
Section 13.1. 
 
(a) A director of the Corporation shall not be liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for 
monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except to the extent that such 
exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted under the Delaware General 
Corporation Law as currently in effect or as the same may hereafter be amended.  No amendment, 
modification or repeal of this Section 13.1(a) shall adversely affect any right or protection of a 
director that exists at the time of such amendment, modification or repeal. 
 
(b) The Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be 
made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, 
criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the 
Corporation) by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent 
of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, 
employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, 
against expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement 
actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with such action, suit or 
proceeding if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to 
be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal 
action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe such person’s conduct was unlawful.  
The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or 
upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that such 
person did not act in good faith and in a manner which such person reasonably believed to be in 
or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or 
proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that such person’s conduct was unlawful.  The 
Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party 
to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the Corporation to 
procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director, officer, 
employee or agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a 
director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or 
other enterprise against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by 
such person in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if such person 
acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to 
the best interests of the Corporation and except that the Corporation shall not make any 
indemnification in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been 
adjudged to be liable to the Corporation unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery 
of the State of Delaware or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine 
upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of 
the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification for such expenses which 
the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper.  To the extent that a present or 
former director or officer of the Corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in the 
defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in this Section 13.1(b), or in defense of any 
claim, issue or matter therein, the Corporation shall indemnify such person against expenses 
(including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection 
therewith.  Any indemnification under this Section 13.1(b) (unless ordered by a court) shall be 
made by the Corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that 
indemnification of the present or former director, officer, employee or agent is proper in the 
circumstances because such person has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in this 


BL-17 
Section 13.1(b).  Such determination shall be made, with respect to a person who is a director or 
officer at the time of such determination, (1) by a majority vote of the directors who are not 
parties to such action, suit or proceeding, even though less than a quorum, or (2) by a committee 
of such directors designated by majority vote of such directors, even though less than a quorum, 
or (3) if there are no such directors, or if such directors so direct, by independent legal counsel in 
a written opinion, or (4) by the stockholders.  Expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by an 
officer or director in defending any civil, criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit or 
proceeding shall be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit 
or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director or officer to repay 
such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified 
by the Corporation as authorized in this Section 13.1(b).  Such expenses (including attorneys’ 
fees) incurred by former directors and officers or other employees and agents shall be paid upon 
such terms and conditions, if any, as the Corporation deems appropriate.  The indemnification 
and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Section 13.1(b) shall not 
be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement 
of expenses may be entitled under any by law, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested 
directors or otherwise, both as to action in such person’s official capacity and as to action in 
another capacity while holding such office.  The rights provided to any person by this Section 
13.1(b) shall be enforceable against the Corporation by such person who shall be presumed to 
have relied upon it in serving or continuing to serve as a director, officer, employee or agent as 
provided above.  No amendment of this Section 13.1(b) shall impair the rights of any person 
arising at any time with respect to events occurring prior to such amendment.  For purposes of 
this Section 13.1(b), references to “the Corporation" shall include, in addition to the resulting 
corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a 
consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and 
authority to indemnify its directors, officers, employees and agents, so that any person who is or 
was a director, officer, employee or agent of such constituent corporation, or is or was serving at 
the request of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another 
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position 
under this Section 13.1(b) with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as such person 
would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued; 
reference to "other enterprises" shall include employee benefit plans; references to “fines” shall 
include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to any employee benefit plan; 
references to "serving at the request of the Corporation" shall include any service as a director, 
officer, employee or agent of the Corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, 
such director, officer, employee or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants 
or beneficiaries; references to “agents” shall include any member of any Trade Committee or 
Exchange Committee; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner such person 
reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee 
benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner “not opposed to the best interests of the 
Corporation” as referred to in this Section 13.1(b).  The indemnification and advancement of 
expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Section 13.1(b) shall, unless otherwise 
provided when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, 
officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators 
of such person. 
 
(c) Any actions, suits or proceedings against the Corporation or any of its officers, directors 
or employees must be brought within two (2) years from the time that a cause of action has 
accrued. Any party bringing any such action, suit or proceeding consents to jurisdiction in the 
courts of the State of Delaware and the Federal Courts of the United States of America located in 
the State of Delaware, and waives any objection to venue therein. This provision shall in no way 


BL-18 
create a cause of action and shall not authorize an action that would otherwise be prohibited by 
the Rules. 
ARTICLE XIV 
SEAL 
 
Section 14.1. The Board of Directors may adopt a corporate seal having inscribed thereon the 
name of the Corporation, the year of its organization and the words “Corporate Seal, Delaware.”  
The seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or reproduced 
or otherwise. 
 
ARTICLE XV 
TIME PERIODS 
 
Section 15.1. In applying any provision of these Bylaws that requires that an act be done or not 
be done a specified number of days prior to any event or that an act be done during a period of a 
specified number of days prior to an event, calendar days shall be used, the day of the doing of 
the act shall be excluded, and the day of the event shall be included. 
 
ARTICLE XVI 
AMENDMENTS 
 
Section 16.1. The Board of Directors and the stockholders may adopt additional Bylaws, and 
may amend or repeal any Bylaws, whether or not adopted by them, at any time. 
 
Section 16.2. The Board of Directors shall not adopt any Rules or make any amendment to the 
Rules that would be inconsistent with these Bylaws. 
 
 
Amended by the Board July 22, 2013; effective August 26, 2013 [¶ Section 16.1]. 
 
ARTICLE XVII  
MISCELLANEOUS 
 
Section 17.1. Unless otherwise provided in the Rules, any alteration of the Rules relating to 
Commodity Contracts, may, if the Board of Directors so decides, be binding on Commodity 
Contracts entered into before as well as after its adoption, provided such alteration does not 
materially affect the amount of money to be paid, or the quality of the merchandise to be 
received, under such Commodity Contracts, in which case such alteration may only apply with 
respect to the first delivery or expiration month following the last delivery or expiration month in 
which there is an open position at the time such alteration becomes effective; provided, however, 
that (i) with respect to the Coffee “C” futures and options contracts, that any such alteration, that 
is consistent with the Act and the regulations thereunder, may be implemented to any delivery or 
expiration month with respect to which the first (1st) day delivery notices may be issued is more 
than twenty-four (24) months away, whether or not such delivery or expiration month has any 
open interest, and (ii) with respect to precious metal futures and options contracts, that any such 
alteration that is consistent with the Act and the regulations thereunder may be implemented to 
the contract month that is the fourth, regular listed delivery month (and all options on such 
delivery month) on the date that such alterations are announced by the Exchange, and to all 
delivery and option expiration months following such fourth regular listed delivery month, 
whether or not such delivery or expiration month has any open interest. 
 


BL-19 
 
Amended by the Board August 10, 2007; effective November 16, 2007. 
 
Amended by the Board July 9, 2014; effective July 30, 2014. 
 
Amended by the Board September 10, 2014; effective September 30, 2014. 
 
Section 17.2. All Rules shall be binding and effective and in force, and shall govern all cases to 
which they may be applicable, at such time as the Board of Directors prescribes or, if the Board 
of Directors does not so prescribe, on such date as the President may prescribe following the date 
on which such Rule may become effective under the Commodity Exchange Act and the 
regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 
Section 17.3. The correct interpretation or meaning of any Rule may, in the discretion of the 
Board of Directors, be determined by a two-thirds vote of the Board of Directors present at any 
regular meeting or any special meeting called for that purpose, and such interpretation shall 
continue in force until the ambiguity of such Rule is removed by proper amendment as herein 
provided, but no such determination of the Board of Directors shall in any way affect any rights 
accrued under any final decision theretofore rendered by any committee from which no appeal is 
pending or may be taken. 
 
Section 17.4. The Board of Directors shall not adopt or amend any Rule to, or interpret the 
meaning of any Rule so as to, violate the rights of the stockholders under these Bylaws.  
 
 
Amended by the Board July 22, 2013; effective August 26, 2013 [¶  Section 17.4]. 


1-1 
 
ICE Futures U.S.®, Inc. 
DEFINITIONS  
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 
AA Transactions 
 
Act 
 
Affiliated or Affiliated Firm 
 
Affiliated Person 
 
Allowable Claim 
 
Anchor Price 
 
Arbitrage Position 
 
Business Day 
 
Call Option 
 
Carrying Member 
 
Cash Commodity 
 
Certified Public Accountant 
 
CFTC 
 
Chairman 
 
Claim 
 
Claimant 
 
Claim Notice 
 
Class 
 
Clearing Member 
 
Clearing Organization 
 
Clearing Organization Rules 
 
Closing Transaction 
 
Cocoa 
 
Coffee "C"® 
 
Commodity 
 
Commodity Contract 
 
Conversion 
 
Cotton No. 2® 
 
Cross Margining Participant 
 
Customer 
 
Customer Account 
 
Direct Access 
 
Disciplinary Rules 
 
eBadge 
eCOPS® 
EFP 
 
EFS 
 
Emergency 
 
Emergency Event 
 
Energy Contract 
 
Equity 
 
Exchange 
 
Exchange Futures Contract 
 
Exchange Holiday 
 
Exchange Option 
 
Exercise Notice 
 
Expiration Day 
 
FCOJ 
 
Financial Contracts 
 
Financial Emergency 
 
Firm 
 
Futures Commission 
 
  Merchant or FCM 
 
Futures Contract 
 
Futures Equivalent Contract 
 
Grantor 
 
ICE 
IFUS Member 
IFUS Member Firm 
IFUS Membership 
Implied Matching Engine 
In-the-Money Option 
Index Contracts 
 
Last Trading Day 
 
Licensed Store 
 
Licensee 
 
Lot 
 
Margin 
 
Market Supervision 
 
Member 
 
Member Firm 
 
Merger 
 
Net Liquid Assets 
 
NFC 
 
No Cancellation Range 
 
Oil Contract 
 
Omnibus Account 
 
Option 
 
Option Buyer 
 
Option Month 
 
Option Seller 
 
Order Routing 
 
Out-of-the-Money Option 
 
Person 
 
Physical Emergency 
 
Position 
 
Premium   
 
President 


1-2 
Price/Time Matching  
 Algorithm 
 
Principal 
 
Public Director 
 
Purchaser 
 
Put Option 
 
Required Shares 
 
Reasonability Limits 
 
Respondent 
 
Responsible Individual 
 
Reverse Conversion 
 
 
 
 
 
Rule or Rules 
 
Secured Loan 
 
Series 
 
Settlement Premium 
 
Settlement Price 
 
Straddle 
 
Striking Price 
 
Sugar No. 11® 
 
Sugar No. 16 
 
Trade or Transaction 
 
Trade Committee 
 
Trading Session 
 
Uncrossing Algorithm 
 
Underlying Futures  
 
  Contract 
 
 
 
 


1-3 
ICE FUTURES U.S. ®, INC. 
DEFINITIONS 
EXCEPT WHERE THE CONTEXT REQUIRES OTHERWISE, 
THE FOLLOWING TERMS SHALL HAVE THE FOLLOWING MEANING WHEN 
USED IN THE BY-LAWS OR RULE S. USE OF THE SINGULAR SHALL INCLUDE 
THE PLURAL AND VICE VERSA, UNLESS THE CONTEXT REQUIRES OTHERWISE. 
 
AA Transaction 
The term "AA Transaction" or “Against Actual” shall mean a Transaction in which there is 
an exchange of Futures Contracts for the Cash Commodity. 
Act 
The term "Act" shall mean the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended from time to time. 
Affiliate or Affiliated Firm 
The term “Affiliate” or “Affiliated Firm” shall mean with respect to a Firm, any Firm which 
controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such Firm. The term "control" shall 
mean the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Firm, whether 
through ownership of securities, by contract or otherwise. 
Amended by the Board January 30, 2017; effective February 13, 2017. 
Affiliated Person 
 
The term “Affiliated Person” shall mean with respect to a Member Firm, an individual who is 
a general partner, director, officer, member (in the case of a limited liability company), executive 
employee or manager of such Firm. 
 
Adopted by the Board July 22, 2013; effective August 26, 2013. 
 
Allowable Claim 
The term "Allowable Claim" shall mean a Claim for losses arising from (i) any order or 
Transaction for the purchase, sale, exercise or expiration of an Exchange Futures Contract or 
Exchange Option or (ii) any cash market transaction which is part of, or directly connected with, 
any Transaction, (iii) an Allowable Claim shall not include legal or other incidental expenses 
incurred in connection with any such losses or with the events giving rise to any such losses. 
Amended by the Board March 8, 2007; effective March 9, 2007. 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2023; effective June 1, 2023. 
 
Anchor Price 
 
“Anchor Price” shall mean the price set by the Exchange from which Reasonability Limits, 
No Cancellation Ranges and Interval Price Limits are determined. The Anchor Price shall be 
based on the front month, provided however, that, when the front month nears expiration, the 
Anchor Price will be based on the delivery month with the most open interest.  The determination 
as to when to shift the Anchor Price based on open interest will be made by the Exchange.  The 
Anchor Price may be the prior day’s settlement price, the price of the Opening Match or the last 
traded price of the front delivery or expiration month as determined by the Exchange. The Anchor 


1-4 
Price of each successive expiration or delivery month is determined by applying spread 
differentials against the Anchor Price. 
 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2017; effective July 13, 2017. 
Arbitrage Position 
The term "Arbitrage Position" shall mean (i) an Exchange Futures Contract in one delivery 
month for an account which is offset by a Futures Contract for the same Commodity in the same 
or a different delivery month for such account which is executed on or subject to the rules of the 
London International Financial Futures and Options Exchange, and (ii) an Exchange Option, a 
Futures Contract to sell or purchase the same Commodity as the Underlying Futures Contract for 
such Exchange option, which is executed on or subject to the rules of the London International 
Financial and Options Exchange. 
 
Board 
The term "Board" shall mean the Board of Directors of the Exchange. Any reference to 
“Board of Governors” in the Rules shall also mean the Board of Directors of the Exchange. 
Business Day   
The term "Business Day" shall mean, with respect to an Exchange Futures Contract or an 
Exchange Option, any day on which a Commodity Contract with the same underlying commodity 
as such Exchange Futures Contract or Exchange Option is available for trading on the electronic 
trading platform, unless otherwise determined and announced by the Exchange. 
Amended by the Board February 7, 2007; effective March 5, 2007. 
Amended by the Board October 10, 2007; effective January 7, 2008. 
Amended by the Board November 25, 2015; effective December 11, 2015. 
Call Option 
The term "Call Option" shall mean an Option whereby: 
(i) the Purchaser has the right, but not the obligation, to enter into an Underlying Futures 
Contract to buy a Commodity for delivery in the Option Month, at the Strike Price specified; and 
(ii) the Grantor has the obligation, upon exercise, to enter into an Underlying Futures 
Contract to sell a Commodity for delivery in such Option Month, at such Strike Price. 
Carrying Member 
The term "Carrying Member" shall mean a Futures Commission Merchant that carries one or 
more Customer Accounts. 
Cash Commodity 
The term "Cash Commodity" shall mean a physical or actual commodity. 
Certified Public Accountant 
The term "Certified Public Accountants" shall mean: 
(i) Firms or individuals who submit statements as Certified Public Accountants and firms 
which are registered members of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) 
and who are acceptable to the Membership Committee. 


1-5 
(ii) Accountants or accountant firms registered under the laws of other countries where the 
requirements for registration are similar to the requirements for a CPA certificate in the United 
States and which accountants or accountant firms are acceptable to the Membership Committee. 
CFTC 
The term "CFTC" shall mean the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. 
Chairman 
The term "Chairman" shall mean Chairman of the Board, or one duly authorized to act with 
the authority of the Chairman of the Board. 
Claim 
The term "Claim" shall mean any right to payment whether or not any such right is reduced to 
judgment, liquidated, unliquidated, fixed, contingent, matured, unmatured, disputed or secured. 
Claimant 
The term "Claimant" shall mean a person who has either filed a Claim Notice or a Notice of 
Arbitration. 
Claim Notice 
The term "Claim Notice" shall mean a notice of claim against the proceeds of sale of a 
Trading Membership or Trading Permit as provided in the Rules. 
Class 
The term "Class" shall mean, with respect to any Option, a Put Option or a Call Option 
covering the same Underlying Futures Contract. 
Clearing Member 
The term "Clearing Member" shall mean any Person who is a member of a Clearing 
Organization. 
Clearing Organization 
The term "Clearing Organization" shall mean with respect to any Commodity Contract, the 
entity designated by the Board as being authorized to clear such Commodity Contract. 
Clearing Organization Rules 
The term "Clearing Organization Rules" shall mean the certificate of incorporation, by-laws, 
rules, regulations, resolutions, orders, directives and procedures of the Clearing Organization as 
adopted or amended from time to time. 
Closing Transaction 
The term "Closing Transaction" shall mean any Transaction in which a Person (i) grants an 
Exchange Call Option or Exchange Put Option which is in the same Series as an Exchange Call 
Option or Exchange Put Option, respectively, which had been purchased by such Person; or (ii) 
purchases an Exchange Call Option or Exchange Put Option which is in the same Series as an 
Exchange Call Option or Exchange Put Option, respectively, which had been granted by such 
Person. 
Cocoa  
The term “Cocoa” shall mean cocoa deliverable under the Cocoa Contract of the Exchange.  
 


1-6 
Coffee “C”® 
The term "Coffee ‘C’" shall mean coffee deliverable under the Coffee "C" Contract of the 
Exchange. 
Commodity 
The term "Commodity" shall mean any and all goods, articles, services, rights and interests in 
which contracts for future delivery are presently or in the future dealt in, on or subject to the 
Rules. 
Commodity Contract 
The term "Commodity Contract" shall include Futures Contracts, Options on Commodities or 
on Futures Contracts, and any other interests or instruments traded on or subject to the Rules. 
Conversion 
The term "Conversion" shall mean a Transaction composed of three (3) Commodity 
Contracts, including a long Futures Contract, a Long Put Option and a short Call Option. The 
delivery month must be the same for all three (3) Commodity Contracts and the Strike Price must 
be the same for the two (2) Option components. 
Cotton No. 2® 
The term “Cotton No. 2” shall mean cotton deliverable under the Cotton No. 2 Contract of 
the Exchange. 
Cross Margining Participant 
The term “Cross Margining Participant” shall mean a Person that has been granted cross 
margining privileges pursuant to Rule 2.40. 
Adopted by the Board November 14, 2007; effective March 7, 2008. 
Customer 
The term "Customer" shall mean a Person, including another Member, for whom a Member 
carries an account. 
Customer Account 
The term "Customer Account" shall mean an account carried for a Customer, including an 
Omnibus Account. 
Direct Access 
The term “Direct Access” shall mean a direct connection by a Clearing Member or other 
Person to ETS to enter orders for Exchange Futures Contracts and Options for execution, without 
passing through the credit or risk control infrastructure of a Clearing Member. 
 
Adopted by the Board September 10, 2012; effective October 17, 2012. 
 
Amended by the Board September 30, 2015; effective January 1, 2016. 
Disciplinary Rules 
 
The term “Disciplinary Rules” shall mean the rules and procedures governing the 
investigation of rule violations and the disciplining of any Person in connection with such 
violations, as set forth in the Corporation’s Rules. 
 
Adopted by the Board July 22, 2013; effective August 26, 2013. 
 


1-7 
eBadge 
“eBadge” shall mean, in the case of a Clearing Member or Direct Access Member, the 
number(s) assigned by the Exchange to a Clearing Member or Direct Access Member which 
identifies such Person.   
 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2017; effective July 13, 2017. 
 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2023; effective June 1, 2023. 
eCOPS® 
The term “eCOPS” shall mean the electronic commodity operations system utilized by the 
Exchange. 
EFP 
The term “EFP” or “Exchange for Physical” shall mean a Transaction in which there is an 
exchange of Futures Contracts for the Cash Commodity. 
EFS 
The term “EFS” or “Exchange for Swap” shall mean a Transaction in which there is an 
exchange of Futures Contracts for a swap agreement for the Cash Commodity. 
Emergency 
The term “Emergency” shall have the meaning set forth in Rule 6.01(a). 
Emergency Event 
The term “Emergency Event’ shall have the meaning set forth in Rule 21.00(a).  
Energy Contract 
 
The term “Energy Contract” shall mean the Futures Contracts and Options identified in 
Chapter 18 of the Rules. 
 
Adopted by the Board June 23, 2011; effective October 15, 2012. 
Adopted by the Board September 10, 2012; effective October 15, 2012. 
Equity 
The term "Equity" shall include the following: 
Available Equity 
(i) The term "Available Equity" shall mean the amount, if any, by which Total Equity or the 
Net Liquidating Value, as the case may be, of any account exceeds the amount of Original 
Margin required for any Options or Futures Contracts carried in such account. 
Open Trade Equity 
(ii) The term "Open Trade Equity" as applied to any account, shall mean any net unrealized 
gain or loss on Futures Contracts carried in such account. 
Total Equity 
(iii) The term "Total Equity" shall mean, with respect to any account, the Open Trade 
Equity, if any, in the account, the amount of money, if any, in the account, and the value of 
any securities or other property, if any, in the account, valued in accordance with the Rules. 
 
 


1-8 
Net Liquidating Value 
(iv) The term "Net Liquidating Value", as applied to any account, shall mean the Total 
Equity in such account plus the value of any long and short options in such account. 
Exchange 
The term "Exchange" shall mean ICE Futures U.S.®, a corporation organized and existing 
under the Delaware General Corporation Law. 
Amended by the Board March 18, 2009; effective March 20, 2009. 
Exchange Futures Contract 
The term "Exchange Futures Contract" shall mean a Futures Contract traded on the Exchange 
or subject to the Rules. 
Exchange Holiday 
The term "Exchange Holiday" shall mean any day which is not a Business Day and on which 
the Exchange shall be closed. 
Amended by the Board March 24, 2016; effective April 13, 2016. 
Exchange Option 
The term "Exchange Option" shall mean any Option traded on the Exchange or subject to the 
Rules. 
Exercise Notice 
The term “Exercise Notice” shall mean a notice, in the form prescribed by the Clearing 
Organization, issued to the Clearing Organization by a Clearing Member that is, or that carries 
accounts for other Persons who are, holding long Positions in Options that are to be exercised. 
Expiration Day 
The term “Expiration Day” shall mean the day on which Options in any Option Month 
expire. 
FCOJ 
The term “FCOJ” shall mean frozen concentrated orange juice deliverable under the FCOJ 
Contracts of the Exchange. 
Financial Contracts 
The term “Financial Contracts” shall mean the U.S. Dollar Index®, Currency Futures and 
Options Contracts and any other instruments designated by the Board as Financial Contracts and 
traded at the Exchange. 
Financial Emergency 
The term “Financial Emergency” shall have the meaning set forth in Rule 21.00(b).  
Firm 
The term "Firm" shall mean a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, sole 
proprietorship or other entity. 
Futures Commission Merchant or FCM 
The term "Futures Commission Merchant" or “FCM” shall have the same meaning as defined 
in the Act. 
 


1-9 
Futures Contract 
The term "Futures Contract" shall mean any contract for the purchase or sale of a Commodity 
for future delivery that is traded on or subject to the rules of any exchange. 
 
Futures Equivalent Contract 
The term “Futures Equivalent Contract” shall mean an Option that has been converted to a 
Futures Contract equivalent in accordance with Rule 6.13(a). 
Grantor 
The term shall mean the Clearing Member that cleared such Option for the Customer who 
granted it. 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2023; effective June 1, 2023. 
ICE 
The term “ICE” shall mean Intercontinental Exchange, Inc. 
IFUS Member 
The term “IFUS Member” shall mean an individual who has been granted one or more IFUS 
Memberships. 
Adopted by the Board September 10, 2012; effective October 15, 2012. 
Amended by the Board April 9, 2012; effective May 30, 2014. 
IFUS Member Firm 
The term “IFUS Member Firm” shall mean any partnership, corporation, limited liability 
company, sole proprietorship or other entity to which has been granted one or more IFUS 
Memberships. 
 Adopted by the Board September 10, 2012; effective October 15, 2012. 
Amended by the Board April 9, 2014; effective May 31, 2014. 
IFUS Membership 
The term “IFUS Membership” shall mean a membership issued pursuant to Section 5.1of the 
Bylaws and Rule 2.02.  
Adopted by the Board September 10, 2012; effective October 15, 2012. 
Amended by the Board April 9, 2014; effective May 31, 2014. 
Amended by the Board September 30, 2015; effective January 1, 2016. 
Implied Matching Engine 
 
“Implied Matching Engine” means the system functionality which derives futures and options 
spread and outright prices, respectively, from outright and spread orders entered onto the ETS for 
the purpose of matching outright orders and legs of spread orders against each other. 
 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2017; effective July 13, 2017. 
In-the-Money Option 
The term "In-the-Money Option" shall mean an Option that has a Strike Price that is lower (in 
the case of a Call Option) or higher (in the case of a Put Option) than the price of the Underlying 
Futures Contract for such Option. 


1-10 
Index Contracts 
The term “Index Contracts” shall mean the MSCI Index Futures, ICE Mortgage Index 
Futures Contracts and any other Commodity Contracts based on an index, with the exception of 
U.S. Dollar Index futures and options contracts. 
Amended by the Board September 30, 2015; effective October 29, 2015. 
Amended by the Board May 27, 2022; effective June 14, 2022. 
Last Trading Day 
The term "Last Trading Day" shall mean, with respect to any futures or Option Month, the 
last day on which trading is permitted for such futures or Option Month in accordance with the 
Rules. 
Licensed Store 
The term "Licensed Store" shall mean that portion of a licensed warehouse which has been 
approved by the Exchange as suitable for the storage of an Exchange Commodity. Whenever the 
word "store" is used in the Rules, "Licensed Store" is intended, except when the context clearly 
indicates a contrary intent. 
 
Amendment by the Board December 4, 2019; effective December 19, 2019. 
Licensee 
The term "Licensee" shall mean a Person licensed by the Exchange as a chemist, grader, 
master sampler, tank facility, warehouse or weighmaster. 
Lot 
The term "Lot" shall mean the par quantity of the Commodity deliverable under a particular 
Commodity Contract. 
Margin 
The term "Margin" shall include the following: 
Maintenance Level 
(i) The term "Maintenance Level" shall mean the minimum amount of Original Margin and 
Option Margins a Carrying Member is required to maintain in a Customer Account at all 
times, as provided in the Rules. 
Maintenance Margin 
(ii) The term "Maintenance Margin" shall mean the minimum amount of Original Margin 
and Option Margin a Carrying Member is required to maintain in a Customer Account at all 
times, as provided in the Rules. 
 Option Margin 
(iii) The term "Option Margin" shall mean the amount of money, securities or other 
property required as security for the performance of Options carried in a Customer Account 
as provided in the Rules. 
Original Margin 
(iv) The term "Original Margin" shall mean the amount of money, securities or other 
property required as security for the performance of Futures Contracts carried in a Customer 
Account, as provided in the Rules. 


1-11 
Market Supervision 
 
“Market Supervision” shall mean the Department of the Exchange responsible for overseeing 
electronic trading. 
 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2017; effective July 13, 2017. 
Member 
The term “Member” shall mean and include an IFUS Member, IFUS Member Firm, and a 
Cross Margining Participant (to the extent that such Person engages in transactions in Commodity 
Contracts that are the subject of a Cross Margining Program implemented by the Clearing 
Organization). 
Amended by the Board November 14, 2007; effective March 7, 2008. 
Amended by the Board June 13, 2012; effective July 6, 2012. 
Amended by the Board September 10, 2012; effective October 15, 2012. 
Amended by the Board April 9, 2014; effective May 31, 2014. 
Amended by the Board September 30, 2015; effective January 1, 2016. 
Member Firm 
The term “Member Firm” shall mean any partnership, corporation, limited liability company, 
sole proprietorship or other entity which is an IFUS Member Firm.  
Amended by the Board September 10, 2012; effective October 15, 2012. 
Amended by the Board September 30, 2015; effective January 1, 2016. 
 
Net Liquid Assets 
The term "Net Liquid Assets" shall mean current assets less current liabilities. 
NFC 
The term “NFC” shall mean not-from-concentrate orange juice deliverable under the NFC 
Contracts of the Exchange. 
No Cancellation Range 
“No Cancellation Range” shall mean the price range above and below the Anchor Price for 
each Exchange Commodity Contract within which a trade alleged as an error Trade may not be 
cancelled. 
 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2017; effective July 13, 2017. 
Oil Contract 
 
 
The term “Oil Contract” shall refer to any Futures Contract and any Option involving crude 
oil, refined oil products, natural gas liquids, petrochemicals and any other products as specified in 
Chapter 19 of the Rules.   
 
Effective February 19, 2018. 
Omnibus Account 
The term "Omnibus Account" shall mean an account in which one (1) or more Customer 
Accounts are carried. 


1-12 
Option 
The term "Option" shall mean a contract or Transaction whereby one (1) party grants to 
another the right, but not the obligation, to buy, sell or enter into a Futures Contract. 
Option Buyer 
The term "Option Buyer" shall mean a Customer purchasing any Exchange Option. 
Option Month 
The term "Option Month" shall mean, with respect to any Option, the delivery month of the 
Underlying Futures Contract. 
Option Seller 
The term "Option Seller" shall mean a Customer granting (or writing) any Exchange Option. 
Order Routing 
 
“Order Routing” shall mean a connection to the ETS, other than Direct Access. 
 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2017; effective July 13, 2017. 
 
Out-of-the-Money Option 
The term "Out-of-the-Money Option" shall mean an Option which has a Strike Price that is 
higher (in the case of a Call Option) or lower (in the case of a Put Option) than the price of the 
Underlying Futures Contract for such Option on any day. 
Person 
The term "Person" shall mean an individual or Firm. 
Physical Emergency 
The term “Physical Emergency” shall have the meaning set forth in Rule 6.02. 
Position 
The term "Position" with respect to any Person shall mean all the Commodity Contracts held 
by such Person. 
Premium 
The term "Premium" shall mean the amount agreed upon between the Purchaser and Grantor 
for the purchase or grant of an Exchange Option, which amount shall be the quoted Premium 
multiplied by the number of units of the Underlying Futures Contract for each Option. 
President 
The term "President" shall mean the President of the Exchange, or one duly authorized to act 
with the authority of the President. 
Price/Time Matching Algorithm 
 
“Price/Time Matching Algorithm” is generally used during an ETS trading session. When 
used, it matches orders on the basis of a price and time priority algorithm. The “best” price order 
always has the highest priority, for buy orders that means those orders that have the highest price 
and for sell orders that means those orders that have the lowest price. If more than one order is in 
the market at a specific price, the highest priority is given to the order that arrived at ETS first. 
 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2017; effective July 13, 2017. 


1-13 
Principal 
The term "Principal" shall mean with respect to any Firm, any Person who is an executive 
officer, general partner, director or other person, who, in each case, exercises a controlling 
influence over the Exchange-related business of such Firm, and any Person who owns ten percent 
(10%) or more of the outstanding shares of stock of, or has contributed ten percent (10%) or more 
of the capital to, such Firm. 
Public Director 
 
The term “Public Director” shall mean any person who qualifies as a “public” director within 
the meaning of the regulations and interpretations issued by the CFTC from time to time for 
determining qualifications of public directors.    
 
Amended by the Board September 8, 2010; effective September 14, 2010. 
Purchaser 
The term "Purchaser" shall mean, with respect to any Option, the Clearing Member which 
cleared such Option for the Customer purchasing it. 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2023; effective June 1, 2023. 
 
Put Option 
The term "Put Option" shall mean an Option whereby: 
(i) the Purchaser has the right, but not the obligation, to enter into an Underlying Futures 
Contract to sell a Commodity for delivery in the Option Month at the Strike Price specified; and 
(ii) the Grantor has the obligation, upon exercise, to enter into an Underlying Futures 
Contract to buy a Commodity for delivery in such Option Month at such Strike Price. 
 
Reasonability Limits 
 
“Reasonability Limits” shall mean the amount by which the price of an Exchange 
Commodity Contract may increase or decrease in one trading sequence from the last traded price 
of that delivery or expiration month or the amount the price may change from a price determined 
by an ETS algorithm. Market Orders will not be permitted to result in Trades at prices that are 
outside of the Reasonability Limits, and Limit Orders to sell at prices below the lower 
Reasonability Limit and Limit Orders to buy at prices above the upper Reasonability Limit at the 
time the order is entered will be rejected. 
 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2017; effective July 13, 2017. 
Required Shares 
The term “Required Shares” shall mean the shares of ICE common stock that each IFUS 
Member Firm seeing to clear Commodity Contracts as a Clearing Member of ICE Clear U.S., 
shall own and pledge to the Exchange in accordance with Chapter 2 of the Rules. 
Amended by the Board September 30, 2015; effective January 1, 2016. 
Respondent 
The term "Respondent" shall mean any Person who is charged with a Rule violation. 
 


1-14 
Responsible Individual 
“Responsible Individual” shall mean an individual who is registered with the Exchange as the 
individual with authority to modify or withdraw any order submitted under any of the eBadge(s) 
with respect to which such individual is registered, and who is able to immediately identify the 
source of any order submitted under such eBadge.  
 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2017; effective July 13, 2017. 
Reverse Conversion 
The term "Reverse Conversion" shall mean a Transaction comprised of three (3) Commodity 
Contracts, including a short Futures Contract, a short Put Option and a long Call Option. The 
delivery month must be the same for all three (3) Commodity Contracts and the Strike Price must 
be the same for the two (2) Option components. 
Rule or Rules 
The term "Rule" or "Rules" shall mean the Charter, Certificate of Incorporation, By-Laws, 
rules, resolutions, interpretations, statements of policy, decisions, directives and orders of the 
Exchange. 
Secured Loan 
The term "Secured Loan" shall mean a loan, advance or any other form of receivable which is 
secured within the meaning of CFTC Regulation 1.17(c)(3) by readily marketable collateral that 
is: (i) money or securities that may be deposited as Original Margin or Option Margin pursuant to 
Rule 5.04; (ii) negotiable warehouse receipts issued by a warehouse or depository licensed or 
otherwise approved by any contract market; or (iii) any security that has a loan value for general 
accounts carried by securities brokers or dealers under Regulation T issued by the Board of 
Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 
Series 
The term "Series" shall mean all Options in the same Class having the same Option Month 
and Strike Price. 
Settlement Premium 
The term "Settlement Premium" shall mean the daily Settlement Premium of an Exchange 
Option determined in accordance with the Rules. 
Settlement Price 
The term "Settlement Price" shall mean the daily price of a Commodity Contract as 
determined by the Exchange on any day for the purpose of meeting Margin requirements on such 
day. 
Straddle 
The term "Straddle" shall mean, (i) with respect to the Rules governing Margin, the purchase 
(or sale) of an Exchange Futures Contract in one delivery month for an account which is offset by 
(A) the sale (or purchase) of another Exchange Futures Contract in the same form involving the 
same Commodity in a different delivery month for such account, or (B) the sale (or purchase) of 
another Exchange Futures Contract in a different form involving the same Commodity in the 
same or a different delivery month for such account, and (ii) with respect to any other Rules, shall 
have the meanings, if any, set forth in the Rules. 
 
 


1-15 
Striking Price or Strike Price 
The terms "Striking Price" or “Strike Price” shall mean the price at which the Underlying 
Futures Contract may be purchased or sold pursuant to any Option. 
Sugar No. 11® 
The term "Sugar No. 11" shall mean sugar deliverable under the Sugar No. 11 Futures 
Contract of the Exchange. 
Sugar No. 16 
The term “Sugar No. 16” shall mean Sugar No. 16 Futures Contract of the Exchange. 
Adopted by the Board April 9, 2008; effective September 26, 2008. 
Trade or Transaction 
The terms "Trade" and “Transaction” shall mean any purchase or sale of any Commodity 
Contract made in accordance with the Rules. 
Trade Committee 
The term “Trade Committee” shall mean a committee that is organized in accordance with 
Section 7.1(b) of the Bylaws. 
Trading Session 
 
The term “Trading Session” shall mean the hours of trading for one trading day calculated 
from the open to the close. 
 
Adopted by the Board June 23, 2011; effective October 15, 2012. 
Uncrossing Algorithm 
 
“Uncrossing Algorithm” is generally used during the Pre-Trading Session in accordance with 
Rules 4.22 and 4.23. It cycles through all orders submitted during the Pre-Trading Session 
identifying the best bid and best offer and produces matches where there is price crossing. All 
orders that are traded, whether fully or partially, as part of the Uncrossing Algorithm, trade at the 
same trade price. 
Underlying Futures Contract 
The term "Underlying Futures Contract" shall mean the Futures Contract which is the subject 
of an Option. 


2-1 
  
ICE Futures U.S.®, Inc. 
 
MEMBERSHIP RULES 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Rule 
IFUS Membership 
 
2.01 
IFUS Membership 
2.02 
Qualifications 
2.03 
Application for IFUS Member/Member Firm Privileges  
2.04 
Election to IFUS Membership; Rejection 
2.05 
Conditions for Denial 
2.06 
Member Firm Annual Fees 
2.07 
Duties of All Members 
2.08 
Member Violations 
2.09 
Cancellation of IFUS Membership 
 
 
 
Clearing Members 
 
2.10 
Qualification of Clearing Members 
2.11  
Security Interest and Disposition of Proceeds from Sale of Required Shares 
2.12    
Reporting Open Interest to Clearing Organization 
 
 
 
Miscellaneous 
 
2.13  
FCM Member Firm Financial and Reporting Requirements 
2.14 
Service of Papers 
2.15 
Expenses of Lawsuits Brought Against the Exchange by Members 
2.16  
Market Specialists 
2.17 
 
Cross Margining Privileges 
 
 
 


2-2 
ICE FUTURES U.S. ®, INC. 
MEMBERSHIP RULES 
 
Rule 2.01. IFUS Membership 
(a) The Exchange hereby establishes a class of Trading membership pursuant to Section 5.1 of 
the Bylaws that shall be known as “IFUS Membership” and shall have the rights, privileges and 
obligations set forth herein.   
(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Rules, an IFUS Membership shall not be 
transferred or sold by or to a Member or prospective Member at any time.   
Adopted by the Board September 22, 2022; effective November 1, 2022. 
Rule 2.02. Qualifications 
To be eligible to become and remain an IFUS Member or IFUS Member Firm, a Person must (i) 
if a natural person, be at least twenty-one (21) years of age, of good character, reputation and 
business integrity with adequate financial resources to assume the responsibilities and privileges of 
being a Member, and (ii) if a Firm, be of good reputation and business integrity with adequate 
financial resources to assume the responsibilities and privileges of being a Member.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Person is ineligible to be an IFUS Member or Member Firm if 
such Person is a Sanctioned Party, as that term is defined in Rule 6.44.  An application submitted by 
a Sanctioned Party will not be reviewed by the Exchange.  Furthermore, any Sanctioned Party is 
automatically ineligible to maintain the status of IFUS Member or Member Firm and such status 
may be terminated by the Exchange immediately upon such Person becoming a Sanctioned Party.       
 
Amended by the Board September 22, 2022; effective November 1, 2022. 
Rule 2.03. Application for IFUS Member/Member Firm Privileges 
(a) An individual applying to be an IFUS Member must file with the Exchange an application 
for IFUS Membership in the form supplied by the Exchange, a non-refundable application fee in 
the amount specified by the Board, and such other documents as the Exchange may deem necessary 
or appropriate. 
(b) To obtain Member Firm privileges, a Firm shall file with the Exchange an application for 
Member Firm privileges in a form specified by the Exchange, accompanied by a non-refundable 
application fee in the amount specified by the Exchange, an agreement whereby the Firm agrees to 
abide by and be subject to the Rules, and such other documents as the Exchange may request, 
including its organizational documents. 
(c) The Exchange may direct the applicant to supplement, or the Exchange may investigate, any 
information supplied by the applicant, or which the Exchange believes is appropriate. 
(d) The Exchange shall review the application and may ask for and review any additional 
information it deems relevant.   
Amended by the Board September 22, 2022; effective November 1, 2022 [¶¶ (a) through (d)]. 
Rule 2.04. Election to IFUS Membership; Rejection 
(a) The Exchange shall, when it deems the application to be complete, either approve the 
application or if the Exchange is aware of any conditions for denial, the Exchange may refer the 
application to the Business Conduct Committee for action with a recommendation to disapprove the 
same. 


2-3 
(b) If the Exchange refers an application to the Business Conduct Committee, the applicant 
shall be given notice thereof and an opportunity to be heard and to present evidence as to why the 
application should not be denied, provided that the Exchange receives a written request from the 
applicant for such a hearing within ten (10) days after the receipt of such notice by the applicant.  
(c) The Business Conduct Committee shall act through a subcommittee appointed by the 
Chairperson of the Business Conduct Committee.  After review of the evidence presented by the 
Applicant, the subcommittee shall vote for or against election of the applicant to IFUS 
Membership. An applicant receiving affirmative votes of a majority of the members of the 
subcommittee of the Business Conduct Committee shall be elected to IFUS Membership; 
Notwithstanding the above, the Business Conduct Committee may place such conditions or 
restrictions on the execution of Transactions by an applicant elected to IFUS Membership as the 
Business Conduct Committee deems appropriate, including, but not limited to, a restriction against 
executing Transactions for customer accounts. 
(d) Any application rejected by the Business Conduct Committee shall not be reconsidered for 
one (1) year. 
Amended by the Board September 22, 2022; effective November 1, 2022 [¶¶ (a) through (d)]. 
Rule 2.05. Conditions for Denial 
The Exchange may deny IFUS Membership to any Person who: 
(a) does not meet any of the qualifications for Membership, or does not follow the procedures 
for application, set forth in these Rules; 
(b) has been denied registration or whose registration has been revoked or is currently 
suspended by the CFTC or by the Securities and Exchange Commission; 
(c) is the subject of any conviction, finding of guilt, confession of guilt, plea of guilty or nolo 
contendere involving a felony or misdemeanor charging misrepresentation, fraud, deceit, theft, 
embezzlement, gambling, conversion, money laundering, abuse of fiduciary relationship or other 
similar acts;  
(d) has been enjoined by order, judgment or decree of any court of competent jurisdiction or of 
the CFTC or the Securities and Exchange Commission or of any state securities authority or agency 
from engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection with the purchase or sale of 
any Commodity, security, option or similar instrument;  
(e) is or has been subject to an order of the CFTC denying trading privileges on any contract 
market to the applicant, or suspending or expelling the Person from membership on any contract 
market; 
(f) has been or is suspended or expelled from any commodity or securities exchange, related 
clearing organization, the National Futures Association, Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, 
Inc., or any other self-regulatory organization or other business or professional association for 
violation of any rule of such organization; 
(g) has accumulated a disciplinary or arbitration record at any exchange, association or similar 
tribunal which record is judged by the Exchange or the Business Conduct Committee to be such 
that membership for the applicant would not be in the best interests of the Exchange; 
(h) has made any false statement in or in connection with any application filed with the 
Exchange; 
(i) if a Firm has as one of its Principals, an individual who could be subject to denial of an 
application for IFUS Membership,  


2-4 
(j) is a Sanctioned Party, as that term is defined in Rule 6.44, or is the subject of a sanction or 
restriction under the sanctions regime of any foreign government, and  
(k) fails to meet such other qualifications as the Board may from time to time determine are in 
the best interests of the Exchange. 
Amended by the Board September 22, 2022; effective November 1, 2022 [¶¶ (a), (e), (g) and (i) 
through (k)]. 
Rule 2.06. Member Firm Annual Fees 
Each Member Firm shall pay to the Exchange an annual fee in the amount specified by the 
Board, which shall be due and payable on the first day of January of each year. 
Rule 2.07. Duties of All Members 
(a) Each Member and Member Firm shall immediately notify the Exchange in writing upon 
becoming aware of the occurrence of any of the following events: 
(i) In the case of a Member Firm that is a futures commission merchant, any material adverse 
change in financial condition; 
(ii) Reserved. 
(iii) Any refusal of admission to, any suspension or expulsion, denial of membership, 
registration or license, permanent injunction or denial of trading privileges through an adverse 
determination, voluntary settlement or otherwise, by a commodity or securities exchange, 
clearing organization, the National Futures Association, the Financial Industry Regulatory 
Authority, Inc., or any other self-regulatory organization or other business or professional 
association; 
(iv) Any suspension, expulsion, denial of registration, cease and desist order, temporary or 
permanent injunction, fine in excess of $25,000 in the case of an individual, or $150,000 in the 
case of a Firm, through an adverse determination, voluntary settlement or otherwise by: 
(1) the Securities and Exchange Commission, the CFTC or the securities commission or 
equivalent authority of any state, territory, the District of Columbia or foreign country or; 
(2) any federal court, state court, or regulatory agency not mentioned above, or quasi-
governmental body; 
(v) Any conviction, finding of guilt, confession of guilt, plea of guilty or nolo contendere to a 
felony or misdemeanor charging misrepresentation, fraud, deceit, theft, embezzlement, 
gambling, conversion, money laundering, abuse of a fiduciary relationship or other such act; 
(vi) The issuance of a bar by any agency of the United States from contracting with the 
United States; 
(vii) The commencement, by the issuance or service of a written complaint (or its equivalent), 
of any judicial, administrative or self-regulatory proceeding, as the case may be, against such 
Member by the CFTC, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the securities commission or 
equivalent authority of any state, territory, the District of Columbia or foreign country, or any 
commodity or securities exchange or related clearing organization, the National Futures 
Association, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc., or any self-regulatory 
organization or other business or professional association; 
(viii) Any change in the office where papers may be served upon the Member or any change 
in the Exchange liaison designated pursuant to subparagraph (b) hereof; or 
 


2-5 
(ix) if such Person is or becomes a Sanctioned Party, as that term is defined in Rule 6.44, or 
becomes the subject of a sanction or restriction under the sanctions regime of any foreign 
government.           
 (b) Each Member shall file with the Exchange (i) a written notice designating an office where 
papers may be served upon such Member; and (ii) if a partnership, corporation, limited liability 
company or other entity, a written notice designating an officer, employee, partner or member as 
the Exchange liaison, whom the Exchange may contact in order to obtain additional information or 
documentation in connection with any matter whatsoever provided in the Rules. 
(c) Each Member shall promptly notify the Exchange’s Membership Department in writing of 
any change in address of the Member.  The most recent address of a Member as is on file in the 
records of the Membership Department shall be deemed to be said Member’s current address for all 
purposes, including service of notices or other documents. 
Adopted by the Board September 22, 2022 effective November 1, 2022. 
Rule 2.08. Member Violations 
It shall be a violation of the Rules for any Member or Member Firm to: 
(a) Submit for clearance to a Clearing Member Transactions which were executed after an 
announcement was made that such Clearing Member was in default, (as that term is defined in 
Clearing Organization Rules). 
(b) Trade or accept Margins after insolvency; 
(c) Receive and execute an order if such Member is an associated broker who has not registered 
with the Exchange in accordance with the Rules; 
(d) Unless otherwise provided, gain access to the minutes of meetings of the Board or any 
committee except under such regulations as the Board may prescribe; provided, however, that 
notwithstanding any other provision in the Rules, all books, records, minutes and journals of 
proceedings of the Exchange, the Board and the committees of the Exchange, shall be subject to 
inspection by any authorized representatives of the CFTC or the United States Department of 
Justice; 
(e) Fail continuously to meet the criteria for eligibility for IFUS Membership; 
(f) Clear Commodity Contracts on the Exchange or subject to the Rules for a Member or non-
member Futures Commission Merchant, foreign broker or other such entity which does not disclose 
the identity of the ultimate Customer for whom the contracts are cleared, unless the Clearing 
Member has the authority and ability to provide the Exchange, promptly upon request by the 
Exchange, with: 
(i) the name, address and telephone number of any ultimate Customer(s); 
(ii) the name, address and telephone number of any intermediary Person through whom that 
ultimate Customer placed orders for the execution of such contracts; and 
(iii) such other information concerning the account as the Exchange may request; including, 
but not limited to, the positions held by each ultimate Customer in the account; or 
Adopted by the Board September 22, 2022; effective November 1, 2022. 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2023; effective June 1, 2023 [¶¶ (d) through (f)]. 


2-6 
 
Rule 2.09. Cancellation of IFUS Membership Privileges 
(a) IFUS Membership privileges may be canceled at any time, provided that: 
(1) A Notice of Intention to Cancel such privileges, signed by the Firm, shall be given to the 
Exchange at least ten (10) calendar days prior to the intended termination date of such 
privileges; and 
(2) The Firm shall have filed with the Exchange a written statement that all Claims arising 
out of Commodity Contracts executed on the Exchange have been settled. 
(b) Cancellation of privileges shall be effective on such date as specified by the Firm.   
 
Amended by the Board September 22, 2022; effective November 1, 2022 [¶ (a)]. 
CLEARING MEMBERS 
Rule 2.10 Qualification of Clearing Members  
(a) Each Clearing Member for Commodity Contracts traded on the Exchange or subject to the 
Rules must be an IFUS Member Firm and shall execute such agreements as the Exchange may 
prescribe from time to time to perform the functions of a clearing member, including but not limited 
to agreements  which provide for accessing Exchange systems utilized for the purpose of clearing, 
or making delivery under, a Commodity Contract, or for transferring title to commodities held in 
Exchange-licensed stores.  Any IFUS Member Firm desiring to become a Clearing Member shall 
submit an application in the form prescribed by the appropriate Clearing Organization and 
continually satisfy such requirements as may be established by the Exchange and such Clearing 
Organization from time to time.   
(b) An IFUS Member Firm seeking to clear Commodity Contracts as a Clearing Member of 
ICE Clear U.S., Inc. shall own 15,810 shares of ICE common stock (the “Required Shares”) and 
execute such agreement as the Exchange shall prescribe, granting to the Exchange for the benefit of 
the Exchange, the Clearing Organization, and all Members of the Exchange, a security interest in 
the Required Shares and the proceeds thereof, for the purpose of securing such Clearing Member’s 
obligations under the Rules.    
Amended by the Board August 10, 2007; effective August 15, 2007 [(b)(i)]. 
Amended by the Board September 11, 2007; effective September 13, 2007 [¶ (a)]. 
Amended by the Board November 14, 2007; effective December 17, 2007 [¶¶ (b) and (c)]. 
Amended by the Board June 23, 2011; effective July 15, 2011 [¶¶ (a) and (b)]. 
Amended by the Board September 10, 2012; effective October 15, 2012 [¶ (c)]. 
Amended by the Board April 9, 2014; effective May 31, 2014 [¶ (c)]. 
Amended by the Board September 30, 2015; effective January 1, 2016 [¶¶ (a) and (b)]. 
Amended by the Board November 16, 2016; effective December 1, 2016 [¶ (b)]. 
Amended by the Board June 21, 2023; effective July 31, 2023 [¶ (a)]. 
Rule 2.11 Security Interest in Disposition of Proceeds from Sale of Required Shares 
(a) The distribution by the Exchange of the proceeds from the sale of Required Shares shall be 
made as follows: 
(i) First, in satisfaction pro rata of any amounts which have been determined to be payable 
out of such proceeds or funds to other Members pursuant to this Rule with respect to Allowable 


2-7 
Claims against the Clearing Member whose Required Shares have been sold; provided 
however, that no partner shall share in the proceeds from the sale of Required Shares of a 
Clearing Member of which such individual is a partner, and no member of a limited liability 
company that is a Clearing Member shall share in the proceeds of the sale of Required Shares 
of such Clearing Member until all Allowable Claims filed by other Members and amounts 
owing to the Exchange and the Clearing Organization as provided herein have been satisfied in 
full; 
(ii) Second, in satisfaction pro rata of any amounts that may be due to the Clearing 
Organization and the Exchange for dues, assessments, fees or fines; and 
(iii) Third, to the Clearing Member whose Required Shares were sold, or to its legal 
representatives or assigns, upon the execution and delivery to the Exchange of a release or 
releases in form and substance satisfactory to the Exchange. 
(b) Any Claimant holding an Allowable Claim against a Clearing Member shall be entitled to 
participate in the proceeds of sale of Required Shares provided that: 
(i) The Claimant shall have filed a Notice of Claim with the Exchange within ten (10) days 
after the Exchange shall have posted notice of the Exchange’s intent to liquidate Required 
Shares; and 
(ii) The Arbitration Committee shall have determined that such Claim is valid, in whole or in 
part, pursuant to this Rule. 
(c) In the event any Claim is disputed, the Arbitration Committee shall proceed as though the 
disputing party had demanded arbitration; provided, however, that the disputing party shall pay the 
fee prescribed in the Arbitration Rules. The Arbitration Rules of the Exchange shall apply to such 
proceedings, except to the extent the Arbitration Committee may decide otherwise. 
Amended by the Board September 8, 2010; effective December 13, 2010 [¶ (b)(i)]. 
Amended by the Board September 10, 2012; effective October 15, 2012 [¶¶ (a) and (b)]. 
Amended by the Board September 20, 2012; effective October 22, 2012 [¶¶ (b)(i) through (b)(iii)]. 
Amended by the Board April 9, 2014; effective May 31, 2014 [¶ (a)]. 
Amended by the Board September 30, 2015; effective January 1, 2016 [¶¶ (a) through (c)]. 
 
Rule 2.12 Reporting Open Interest to Clearing Organization. 
  
Each Clearing Member shall report to the relevant Clearing Organization, on each Exchange 
Business Day, the open Positions it carries in each Commodity Contract (separately by Customer 
and proprietary account), including Positions carried for other Clearing Members, in accordance 
with the Clearing Organization Rules and procedures. The reporting of open Positions in Energy 
Contracts shall additionally be subject to the requirements of Rule 18.05. On each Exchange 
Business Day, each Clearing Member shall report to the Clearing Organization any adjustments to 
be made in the open Positions reported on the previous Business Day, in accordance with the 
Clearing Organization Rules and procedures. A Clearing Member which has customer or 
proprietary Positions carried for it by another Clearing Member or by a futures commission 
merchant which is not a Clearing Member, shall provide to the Clearing Organization such notice 
and other information as the Clearing Organization may require.      
 


2-8 
MISCELLANEOUS 
 
Rule 2.13. FCM Member Firm Financial and Reporting Requirements 
(a) An IFUS Member Firm which is registered as a Futures Commission Merchant must submit 
to the Exchange, within sixty (60) days of the close of its fiscal year, a copy of its financial 
statement certified by an independent Certified Public Accountant.  
(b) An IFUS Member Firm which is registered as a Futures Commission Merchant shall submit 
to the Exchange, as of the close of business each month, a statement of the computation of its net 
capital. Such statement shall be filed with the Exchange no later than seventeen (17) Business Days 
of the statement date. 
(c) Each IFUS Member Firm that is registered with the CFTC as a Futures Commission 
Merchant  or an Introducing Broker shall maintain minimum capital, comply with financial 
reporting requirements and use, segregate, invest and hold all money, securities and property 
received from, or held for, a Customer in connection with a Commodity Contract on the Exchange, 
in accordance with, and otherwise comply with, Commodity Futures Trading Commission 
Regulations 1.10, 1.12, 1.14, 1.15, 1.17, and 1.20 through 1.28 as applicable to it, provided that (i) 
any requirement which concerns the filing with or reporting to the Commission or the approval of 
the Commission shall not be considered a requirement of the Corporation; and (ii) any reference to 
a “designated self-regulatory organization” or “self-regulatory organization of which an FCM is a 
member” shall mean the Corporation unless the Corporation has notified any such Member Firm 
that such term shall mean another “self-regulatory organization”.  
Adopted by the Board September 22, 2022; effective November 1, 2022. 
Rule 2.14.  Service of Papers 
(a) The service of papers upon a Member, or any written notification to the Exchange from a 
Member in accordance with the Rules may be made as follows: 
(i) By personal delivery to the Member or an officer of the Member or, in the case of a 
notification to the Exchange, by personal delivery to the Secretary or such other officer of the 
Exchange as may be specified in the Rules; 
(ii) By first class mail, postage prepaid, or express courier, delivery charges prepaid, in each 
case to the office or address on file with the Exchange or, in the case of a notification to the 
Exchange, to the principal office of the Exchange addressed to the Secretary or such other 
officer of the Exchange as may be specified in the Rules;  
(iii) By facsimile message ("FAX") to a FAX number on file with the Exchange; or 
(iv) By email to an email address on file with the Exchange, or in the case of notification to 
the Exchange, to the email address from time to time published or otherwise identified by the 
Exchange for the purpose.   
(b) Service of papers and written notification in accordance with paragraph (a) of this Rule 
shall be complete upon delivery, in the case of personal service, or express courier, two (2) days 
after depositing in the U.S. mail or, in the case of an email or FAX, upon successful transmission 
from the transmission device.  
Amended by the Board September 11, 2007; effective September 13, 2007 [¶ (a)(ii) and (b)]. 
Amended by the Board September 22, 2022; effective November 1, 2022 [¶¶ (a)(iii) through (b)]. 
 


2-9 
Rule 2.15. Expenses of Lawsuits Brought Against the Exchange by Members 
Any Member who institutes a lawsuit or other similar proceeding against the Exchange, or any 
of its officers, the Board or committee members, agents or employees in any court or otherwise and 
who fails to prevail in such lawsuit or proceeding shall pay to the Exchange and any such officer, 
member, agent or employee any and all reasonable expenses and disbursements, including 
attorney's fees and any statutory costs, incurred thereby in the defense of such lawsuit or 
proceeding. 
Amended by the Board March 18, 2009; effective March 20, 2009. 
 
Rule 2.16. Market Specialists   
From time to time, the Exchange may adopt one or more Market Specialist or Liquidity 
Provider Programs pursuant to which the program participant may be appointed and authorized to 
maintain two-sided markets for Commodity Contracts designated by the Board.  Each program 
participant shall execute such agreement as the Exchange may require for each program to which it 
has been appointed. To the extent that the terms of any such program may be in conflict with any 
Rules, such terms shall supersede such Rules; provided, however, that nothing in this Rule shall 
alter or waive a Member’s responsibility to comply with provisions of the Act or the rules and 
regulations of the CFTC. 
Amended by the Board June 21, 2023; effective July 31, 2023. 
Rule 2.17. Cross Margining Privileges 
 
The Exchange may, upon application submitted in accordance with such procedures as it adopts 
from time to time, grant cross margining privileges to any Person that is a member or member firm 
of another designated contract market.  The holder of such privileges shall be entitled to participate 
in any Cross Margining Program authorized under Clearing Organization Rule 502B, but only to 
the extent that the holder actively trades for his or its own account Exchange Futures Contracts or 
Options that are eligible for cross margining treatment under the terms of the Cross Margining 
Program.  Cross margining privileges granted pursuant to this Rule shall not be transferable. 
Adopted by the Board November 14, 2007; effective March 7, 2008. 


3-1 
ICE Futures U.S.®, Inc. 
 
COMMITTEE RULES 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Rule 
Subject 
 
 
3.01 
Arbitration Committee 
3.02 
Reserved 
3.03 
Board of Citrus Advisors 
3.04 
Board of Cocoa Graders 
3.05 
Board of Coffee Graders 
3.06 
Business Conduct Committee 
3.07 
Cocoa Committee 
3.08 
Coffee Committee 
3.09 
Control Committee 
3.10 
Cotton Committee 
3.11 
Domestic Sugar Committee 
3.12 
FCOJ Delivery Committee 
3.13 
Reserved  
3.14 
Regulatory Oversight Committee 
3.15 
Sugar Delivery Committee 
3.16 
Reserved  
3.17 
World Sugar Committee  
3.18 
Canola Committee 
 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTIONS 
No. 
 
 
1. 
Committee Service for Affiliated Persons 


3-2 
ICE FUTURES U.S.®, INC. 
  
COMMITTEE RULES 
Rule 3.01.  Arbitration Committee 
The Arbitration Committee shall be an Exchange Committee and shall consist of such 
number of Persons as the Board shall determine from time to time; provided, however, that no 
person who is licensed by the Exchange as a Coffee or Cocoa Grader shall be a member of the 
Arbitration Committee. 
 
Rule 3.02.  Reserved 
Rule 3.03.  Board of Citrus Advisors 
(a) The Board of Citrus Advisors (“BOCA”) shall be an Exchange Committee and shall 
consist of at least seven (7) and not more than twenty-one (21) individuals who are actively 
engaged, or employed by a firm that is actively engaged, in trading FCOJ and/or NFC.  The 
Board shall endeavor to appoint representatives from diverse interests within the FCOJ and/or 
NFC community, such as industry representatives, FCMs, asset managers and traders.  The 
Chairman of the Board shall be an ex officio member without a right to vote.  Each member of 
BOCA shall serve for a one-year term, subject to reappointment by the Board. 
(b) The Committee shall have and may exercise only the power or authority of 
recommending to the Board any modifications to the contractual terms and conditions and 
advising the Board with respect to FCOJ Futures and Options Contracts and NFC Futures and 
Options Contracts.   
 
Amended by the Board May 22, 2007; effective May 23, 2007 [¶ (c)]. 
Amended by the Board September 10, 2008; effective September 12, 2008 [¶¶ (a)-(c)]. 
Amended by the Board March 17, 2010; effective April 15, 2010 [¶ (b)]. 
Rule 3.04.  Board of Cocoa Graders 
(a) The Board of Cocoa Graders shall be an Exchange Committee and shall consist of such 
number of Persons as the Board shall determine from time to time. 
(b) Upon receipt of an application for licensing as a cocoa grader, the Chairman of the Board 
of Cocoa Graders shall appoint a subcommittee of three (3) members of the Board of Cocoa 
Graders who shall administer such test as the Cocoa and Coffee Warehouse and License 
Committee prescribes and shall submit their findings to the Cocoa Committee. 
(c) Upon receipt of any findings submitted pursuant to subparagraph (b) hereof, the Cocoa 
Committee shall vote to recommend to the Cocoa and Coffee Warehouse and License Committee 
approval or disapproval of the application. 
Rule 3.05.  Board of Coffee Graders 
(a) The Board of Coffee Graders shall be an Exchange Committee and shall consist of such 
number of Persons as the Board shall determine from time to time. 
(b) Upon receipt of an application for licensing as a coffee grader, the Chairman of the Board 
of Coffee Graders shall appoint a subcommittee of three (3) members of the Board of Coffee 
Graders who shall administer such test as the Cocoa and Coffee Warehouse and License 
Committee prescribes and shall submit their findings to the Coffee Committee. 


3-3 
(c) Upon receipt of any findings submitted pursuant to subparagraph (b) hereof, the Coffee 
Committee shall vote to recommend to the Cocoa and Coffee Warehouse and License Committee 
approval or disapproval of the application. 
Rule 3.06.  Business Conduct Committee 
The Business Conduct Committee shall be an Exchange Committee and shall consist of such 
number of Persons as the Board shall determine from time to time. 
Rule 3.07.  Cocoa Committee 
(a) The Cocoa Committee shall be an Exchange Committee and shall consist of at least seven 
(7) and not more than twenty-one (21) individuals who are actively engaged, or employed by a 
firm that is actively engaged, in trading cocoa.  The Board shall endeavor to appoint 
representatives from diverse interests within the cocoa community, such as industry 
representatives, FCMs, asset managers and traders.  The Chairman of the Board shall be an ex 
officio member without a right to vote.  Each member of the Cocoa Committee shall serve for a 
one-year term, subject to reappointment by the Board. 
(b) The Committee shall have and may exercise only the power or authority of 
recommending to the Board any modifications to the contractual terms and conditions and 
advising the Board with respect to Cocoa Futures and Options Contracts.   
Amended by the Board May 22, 2007; effective May 23, 2007 [¶ (c)]. 
Amended by the Board September 10, 2008; effective September 12, 2008 [¶¶ (a)-(c)]. 
Amended by the Board March 17, 2010; effective April 15, 2010 [¶ (b). 
Rule 3.08.  Coffee Committee 
(a) The Coffee Committee shall be an Exchange Committee and shall consist of at least seven 
(7) and not more than twenty-one (21) individuals who are actively engaged, or employed by a 
firm that is actively engaged, in trading coffee.  The Board shall endeavor to appoint 
representatives from diverse interests within the coffee community, such as industry 
representatives, FCMs, asset manages and traders.  The Chairman of the Board shall be an ex 
officio member without a right to vote.  Each member of the Coffee Committee shall serve for a 
one-year term, subject to reappointment by the Board. 
(b) The Committee shall have and may exercise only the power or authority of 
recommending to the Board any modifications to the contractual terms and conditions and 
advising the Board with respect to Coffee Futures and Options Contracts.    
Amended by the Board May 22, 2007; effective May 23, 2007 [¶ (c)]. 
Amended by the Board September 10, 2008; effective September 12, 2008 [¶¶ (a)-(c)]. 
Amended by the Board March 17, 2010; effective April 15, 2010 [¶ (b)]. 
Rule 3.09.  Control Committee 
(a) The Control Committee shall be an Exchange Committee and shall consist of the 
President or his designee, who shall serve as chairman of the Committee, and such number of 
Persons as the Board shall determine from time to time. Such Persons shall not be members of the 
Board and need not be Members. 
 
(b) The Committee shall direct market surveillance activities with respect to all Commodity 
Contracts; provided, however, that no member of the Committee may participate in any actions or 


3-4 
deliberations of the Committee or any subcommittee thereof with respect to any Commodity 
Contract with which he shall be identified. 
(i) The chairman of the Committee shall appoint a subcommittee for one (1) or more 
Commodity Contracts, any such subcommittee to consist of not less than three (3) members 
of the Committee. None of the members of any such subcommittee may be identified with the 
Commodity Contracts with respect to which the subcommittee shall have jurisdiction. 
(ii) Each subcommittee shall have and may exercise all the powers of the full Committee 
with respect to any Commodity Contract under its jurisdiction, and may report to the Board 
and take such other action within its authority as it may deem necessary or appropriate, with 
or without reporting to or obtaining the concurrence of the full Committee. 
(c) A member of the Committee shall be deemed to be "identified with" a particular 
Commodity Contract if he (i) is employed or engaged in the business or producing, processing, 
commercially using, handling, or dealing in the Cash Commodity underlying such contract or its 
products or by-products, or (ii) trades in such Commodity Contract on behalf of himself or any 
proprietary account of his Firm or employer. 
(d) The Committee or any subcommittee thereof, directly or through designated members of 
the Exchange staff, may compel testimony by Members and the production of documents, books 
or records, and require a Member to provide information with respect to the Member's proprietary 
Positions and Positions in Customer Accounts in such forms and at such times as is requested by 
the Committee or subcommittee, as the case may be. The information so provided shall be treated 
in a manner which shall protect the confidentiality of such information. 
(e) The Committee or any subcommittee thereof, on its own initiative may, and upon the 
direction of the Board shall, investigate the possible existence of any market situation or interest 
in any delivery month or months of a Commodity Contract which might jeopardize the normal 
functioning of the Exchange and may take action in respect thereto as hereinafter set forth. 
(f) If the Committee or any subcommittee thereof shall find that a market situation or interest 
exists in any month or months of a Commodity Contract which might jeopardize the normal 
functioning of the Exchange, the Committee or subcommittee, as the case may be: 
(i) may obtain the identity of any or all persons reported to own any Position in such 
Commodity Contract; 
(ii) may endeavor to bring about a correction of the situation; and 
(iii) shall report its findings and recommendations to the Board. 
(g) If in the course of conducting its activities, the Committee or any subcommittee shall find 
an apparent violation of the Rules, such finding shall be reported to the Senior Vice President for 
Legal and Regulatory Affairs such action as he deems appropriate. 
Rule 3.10.  Cotton Committee 
(a) The Cotton Committee shall be an Exchange Committee and shall consist of at least seven 
(7) and not more than twenty-one (21) individuals who are actively engaged, or employed by a 
firm that is actively engaged, in trading cotton.  The Board shall endeavor to appoint 
representatives from diverse interests within the cotton community, such as industry 
representatives, FCMs, asset managers and traders.  The Chairman of the Board shall be an ex 
officio member without a right to vote.  Each member of the Cotton Committee shall serve for a 
one-year term, subject to reappointment by the Board. 


3-5 
(b) The Committee shall have and may exercise only the power or authority of 
recommending to the Board any modifications to the contractual terms and conditions and 
advising the Board with respect to Cotton Futures and Options Contracts.    
(c) The Committee may act as a whole or, as specified in the Rules, by multi-person panels of 
no less than 3 members appointed by the Chairman.  
Amended by the Board May 22, 2007; effective May 23, 2007 [¶ (c)].  
Amended by the Board September 10, 2008; effective September 12, 2008 [¶¶ (a)-(c)]. 
Amended by the Board March 17, 2010; effective April 15, 2010 [¶ (b)]. 
Amended by the Board February 27, 2014; effective March 24, 2014 [¶ (c)]. 
Rule 3.11.  Domestic Sugar Committee 
(a) The Domestic Sugar Committee shall be an Exchange Committee and shall consist of at 
least seven (7) and not more than twenty-one (21) individuals who are actively engaged, or 
employed by a firm that is actively engaged, in trading domestic sugar.  The Board shall endeavor 
to appoint representatives from diverse interests within the domestic sugar community, such as 
industry representatives, FCMs, asset managers and traders.  The Chairman of the Board shall be 
an ex officio member without a right to vote.  Each member of the Domestic Sugar Committee 
shall serve for a one-year term, subject to reappointment by the Board. 
(b) The Committee shall have and may exercise only the power or authority of 
recommending to the Board any modifications to the contractual terms and conditions and 
advising the Board with respect to Sugar No. 16 Futures and Options Contracts.    
Amended by the Board May 22, 2007; effective May 23, 2007 [¶ (c)]. 
Amended by the Board September 10, 2008; effective September 12, 2008 [¶¶ (a)-(c)]. 
Amended by the Board April 9, 2008; effective September 26, 2008 [¶¶ (b)-(c)]. 
Amended by the Board March 17, 2010; effective April 15, 2010 [¶ (b)]. 
Rule 3.12.  FCOJ Delivery Committee 
(a) The FCOJ Delivery Committee shall be an Exchange Committee and shall consist of the 
same Persons as appointed to the Board of Citrus Advisors; provided, however, that the Chairman 
of the Board of Citrus Advisors need not be the Chairman of the FCOJ Delivery Committee.  
(b) The Committee may act as a whole or by multi-person panels appointed by the Chairman. 
(c) The Committee shall consider and decide all questions that may arise in connection with 
the delivery of FCOJ on an Exchange Futures Contract including, but not limited to, any question 
affecting the handling or delivery of such FCOJ. Any decision rendered or interpretation or 
construction made shall be subject to appeal to the Board. 
Amended by the Board April 16, 2009; effective April 24, 2009 [¶¶ (a) through (c)]. 
Rule 3.13.  Reserved 
 
Rule 3.14.  Regulatory Oversight Committee 
 
(a) The Regulatory Oversight Committee shall be a Standing Committee and shall consist of 
the Public Directors. 


3-6 
 
(b) The Regulatory Oversight Committee shall: 
 
(i) Monitor the Exchange’s self-regulatory program for sufficiency, effectiveness, and 
independence; 
 
(ii) Oversee all facets of the program, including trade practice, market surveillance and the 
conduct of investigations; 
 
(iii) Review the size and allocation of the Exchange’s regulatory budget and resources; and 
the number, hiring and termination, and compensation of regulatory personnel; 
 
(iv) Supervise the Exchange’s Chief Regulatory Officer, who will report directly to the 
Regulatory Oversight Committee; 
 
(v) Prepare an annual report assessing the Exchange’s self-regulatory program for the 
Board and the CFTC, which sets forth the regulatory program’s expenses, describes it staffing 
and structure, catalogues disciplinary actions taken during the year, and reviews the 
performance of the Business Conduct Committee; 
 
(vi) Recommend changes that would ensure fair, vigorous, and effective regulation; and 
 
(vii) Review regulatory proposals advise the Board as to whether and how such changes 
may impact regulation. 
 
Amended by the Board March 17, 2010; effective March 22, 2010 [¶¶ (b)(i) through (b)(vii)]. 
Amended by the Board March 20, 2020; effective March 23, 2020 [¶¶ (b)(iv)]. 
Rule 3.15. Sugar Delivery Committee 
(a) The Sugar Delivery Committee shall be an Exchange Committee and shall consist of such 
number of Persons as the Board shall determine from time to time. 
(b) The Sugar Delivery Committee shall have such powers and perform such duties as are 
specified by the Board or in the Rules, including determining delivery disputes and expedited 
Sugar No. 11® and Sugar No. 16 arbitrations. 
(c) A member of the Committee shall be disqualified from acting on the Committee if he, or a 
Firm with which he is associated, has an interest in the deliveries for the month and Commodity 
Contract involved. Any member of the Committee may disqualify himself for cause. 
(i) If the Chairman of the Committee is so disqualified, the Vice Chairman shall become 
Chairman and if both the Chairman and the Vice Chairman are so disqualified, the Second 
Vice Chairman shall become Chairman. If the Chairman, Vice Chairman and Second Vice 
Chairman are all disqualified, the Chairman of the Board shall appoint another member of the 
Board as Chairman. 
Rule 3.16.  Reserved 
Rule 3.17.  World Sugar Committee 
(a) The World Sugar Committee shall be an Exchange Committee and shall consist of at least 
seven (7) and not more than twenty-one (21) individuals who are actively engaged, or employed 
by a firm that is actively engaged, in trading world sugar.  The Board shall endeavor to appoint 
representatives from diverse interests within the world sugar community, such as industry 


3-7 
representatives, FCMs, asset managers and traders.  The Chairman of the Board shall be an ex 
officio member without a right to vote.  Each member of the World Sugar Committee shall serve 
for a one-year term, subject to reappointment by the Board. 
(b) The Committee shall have and may exercise only the power or authority of 
recommending to the Board any modifications to the contractual terms and conditions and 
advising the Board with respect to World Sugar Futures and Options Contracts.    
Amended by the Board May 22, 2007; effective May 23, 2007 [¶ (c)]. 
Amended by the Board September 10, 2008; effective September 12, 2008 [¶¶ (a)- (c)]. 
Amended by the Board March 17, 2010; effective April 15, 2010 [¶ (b)]. 
Rule 3.18 Canola Committee 
(a) The Canola Committee shall be an Exchange Committee and shall consist of at least 
seven (7) and not more than twenty-one (21) individuals who are actively engaged, or employed 
by a firm that is actively engaged, in trading canola.  The Board shall appoint representatives 
from diverse interest in the canola community, such as industry representatives, FCMs, asset 
managers and traders.  Each member of the Canola Committee shall serve for a one-year term, 
subject to reappointment by the Board. 
(b) The Committee shall have and may exercise only the power or authority of 
recommending to the Board any modifications to the contractual terms and conditions and 
advising the Board with respect to Canola futures and options contracts. 
Adopted by the Board September 25, 2018; effective November 1, 2018. 
 
 
RESOLUTIONS 
No. 1. Committee Service for Affiliated Persons 
WHEREAS, the Board desires to foster representation on Exchange committees from diverse 
membership interests; 
NOW, BE IT RESOLVED that: 
Unless otherwise determined by the Board in a particular case, no two (2) members of the 
same committee of the Exchange may be Affiliated Persons of the same Person, except that any 
number of members of the same committee may be Affiliated Persons of the same securities 
exchange, securities or commodities clearing organization, registered securities association, trade 
association or self-regulatory organization, and any number of members of the Arbitration 
Committee, Business Conduct Committee and Control Committee may be Affiliated Persons of 
the same Person. In the event that two (2) or more individuals shall be appointed to a committee 
in violation of this resolution, none of such appointments shall become effective. In the event that 
at any other time the appointment of an individual to a committee would result in a violation of 
this Resolution because any member of the same committee already holding office is an 
Affiliated Person of the same Person as such individual, such appointment shall not become 
effective. 
For purposes of this Resolution, the term "Affiliated Person" shall mean: with respect to any 
individual, any Person of which such individual is a partner, trustee, officer, director or employee 
or has control, and any Person who controls, is controlled by or is under common control with 


3-8 
such Person; with respect to a Firm, any Person who controls, is controlled by or is under 
common control with such Firm, and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any partner, 
trustee, officer, director or employee of such Firm. 
For purposes of this Resolution, the term "control" means the power to direct or cause the 
direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through ownership of securities, by 
contract or otherwise. 
Amended by the Board September 20, 2012; effective October 22, 2012. 


4-1 
 
ICE Futures U.S.®, Inc. 
TRADING RULES 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Rule 
GENERAL TRADING RULES 
 
 
4.00 
Compliance with Rules and Orders; Consent to Jurisdiction 
4.01 
Duty to Supervise 
4.02 
Trade Practice Violations 
4.03 
Dual Trading Violations 
4.04 
Conduct Detrimental to the Exchange 
4.05 
Prohibition on Dissemination of False Information 
4.06 
Exchange for Related Positions 
4.07 
Block Trading 
4.08 
Access to ETS  
4.09 
Access for Submitting Block Trades and Other Non-Competitive Transactions 
4.10 
Clearing Member Responsibilities 
4.11 
 
Reserved 
4.12 
 
Revocation of Direct Access Authorization by Clearing Member 
4.13 
eBadges and Responsible Individuals 
4.14 
Effect of Termination or Suspension of Clearing Member 
4.15 
Required Identifications 
 
ORDERS 
 
4.16 
Customer Disclosure Statement 
4.17 
Acceptable Orders 
4.18 
Order Entry 
4.19 
Audit Trail Requirements for Electronic Orders Submitted Through Direct 
Access or Order Routing Systems 
4.20 
Revising Orders 
4.21 
Deactivating and Deleting Orders 
 
TRADING  
 
4.22 
Pre-Trading Session 
4.23 
Opening Match 
4.24 
Open and Close of Electronic Trading Session 
4.25 
Trading Hours 
4.26 
Order Execution 
4.27 
Priority of Execution 
4.28 
Interval Price Limits 
4.29 
Invalid Trades 
4.30 
Error Trades 
4.31 
Errors and Omissions in Handling Orders 


4-2 
4.32 
Misuse of ETS 
4.33 
Termination of ETS Connection 
 
SETTLEMENT AND CLEARING 
 
4.34 
Settlement Prices 
4.35 
Settlement Premiums 
4.36 
Allocation of Trades 
4.37 
Transfer Transactions Not Required To Be Made Competitively 
 
 
 
APPENDIXES 
 
APPENDIX I  -  Error Trade Policy 
APPENDIX II  -  Exchange Messaging Policy 
APPENDIX III -  Self-Trade Prevention Functionality Policy 
 


4-3 
ICE FUTURES U.S.®, INC. 
 
TRADING RULES 
 
GENERAL TRADING RULES 
 
Rule 4.00. Compliance with Rules and Orders, Consent to Jurisdiction  
 
(a) Any Person initiating or executing a Transaction on or subject to the Rules of the 
Exchange directly or through an intermediary, and any Person for whose benefit such a 
transaction has been initiated or executed, expressly consents to the jurisdiction of the Exchange 
and agrees to be bound by and comply with the Rules of the Exchange in relation to such 
transactions, including, but not limited to, rules requiring cooperation and participation in 
investigatory and disciplinary processes.  Any futures commission merchant, introducing broker, 
associated person, or foreign Person performing a similar role that charges a commission or fee in 
connection with a Transaction on or subject to the Rules of the Exchange also expressly consents 
to the Exchange’s jurisdiction.    
 
(b) It shall be a violation of the Rules for any Person to furnish false information, or fail to 
furnish information when requested, to the Board or to any committee, subcommittee, officer or 
employee of the Exchange in the course of its, their, or his duties. 
(c) It shall be a violation of the Rules for any Person to violate, or fail to comply with, the 
terms of any agreement with the Exchange or any order or decision of, or any suspension 
imposed by, the Exchange, the Board or any committee or subcommittee of the Exchange, 
including, without limitation, any Hearing, Arbitration or Appeals Panel. 
   
 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2017; effective July 13, 2017. 
 
Amended by the Board January 22, 2020; effective February 7, 2020 [¶ (a)]. 
 
Rule 4.01.  Duty to Supervise 
 
(a) Every Person shall diligently supervise the Exchange-related activities of such Person's 
employees and agents.  For purposes of this Rule, the term “agent” includes any Exchange-related 
activities associated with automated trading systems that generate, submit and/or cancel messages 
without human intervention. Every Person shall also be responsible for the acts and omissions of 
such employees and agents. 
 
(b) Each Firm shall establish, administer and enforce supervisory systems, policies and 
procedures, based on the nature and size of its Exchange-related activities, which are reasonably 
designed to achieve compliance with Exchange Rules. 
(c) Each Member and Member Firm which employs a Clerk must be present or have a 
Member who is either an associate of the Brokers Association or Member Firm that employs such 
Clerk present on the premises occupied by the Exchange at all times during which such Clerk is 
engaged in Exchange-related activities. 
 
 
Amended by the Board September 30, 2015; effective January 1, 2016 [¶¶ (a) and (b)]. 
 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2017; effective July 26, 2017 [¶ (a)]. 


4-4 
 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2017; effective July 26, 2017 [¶ (a)]. 
 
Amended by the Board  September 25, 2019; effective January 1, 2020 [¶¶ (b) and (c)]. 
 
Rule 4.02. Trade Practice Violations  
In connection with the placement of any order or execution of any Transaction, it shall be a 
violation of the Rules for any Person to: 
(a) Manipulate, or attempt to manipulate, the price of any Commodity traded on the 
Exchange; 
(b) Corner, or attempt to corner, any Commodity traded on the Exchange; 
(c) Execute a wash sale, accommodation Trade, fictitious sale or prearranged Trade; 
(d) Commit or attempt to commit fraudulent action on the Exchange or use or employ, or 
attempt to use or employ, any manipulative device, scheme, or artifice to defraud; 
(e) Withhold or withdraw from the market any order or any part of an order for the 
convenience of another Person; 
 
(f) Prearrange the execution of transactions in Exchange products for the purpose of passing 
or transferring equity between accounts; 
 
(g) Engage in cross trading other than in accordance with the following procedures: 
(1) Independently initiated orders on opposite sides of the market for different beneficial 
account owners that are immediately executable against each other may be entered without 
delay provided that the orders did not involve pre-execution communications as defined in 
sub-paragraph (k) of this Rule. 
(2) Futures orders on opposite sides of the market that are simultaneously placed for 
different beneficial accounts by a Person with discretion over both accounts may be entered 
into ETS as Crossing Order (“CO”) which contains both the buy and sell orders; or by 
separately entering one order and allowing it to be exposed on the ETS for a minimum of five 
(5) seconds before entering the opposing order. 
(3) A futures order that allows for price and/or time discretion, if not entered immediately 
upon receipt, may be knowingly entered opposite a second order received by the same 
intermediary using a CO which contains both the buy and sell orders; or by entering the 
second order immediately upon receipt and allowing it to be exposed on the ETS for a 
minimum of five (5) seconds before entering the opposing order. 
(4) In the case of Options which are listed on the ETS, orders on opposite sides of the 
market that are simultaneously placed for different beneficial accounts by a Person with 
discretion over both accounts must be entered into the ETS as a CO which contains both the 
buy and sell orders. 
(5) In the case of Options which are listed on the ETS, an order that allows for price 
and/or time discretion, if not entered immediately upon receipt, may be knowingly entered 
opposite a second order received by the same intermediary only as part of a CO which 
contains both the buy and sell orders.  
 


4-5 
 (h) Engage in front running;  
(i) Disclose or divulge the buy or sell order of another Person except (1) in furtherance of 
executing the order, (2) at the request of an authorized representative of the CFTC or (3) pursuant 
to sub-paragraph (k) of this Rule regarding certain pre-execution communications. 
 
(j) knowingly enter, or cause to be entered, a Transaction in which the opposite side of a 
Customer order is executed for an account which is owned or controlled, or in which an 
ownership interest  is held, by an intermediary handling the Customer order, or for the proprietary 
account of the employer of such an intermediary, without submitting to ETS a Crossing Order 
(“CO”) consisting of both the Customer order and the order for such other account, provided, 
however, that any Transaction that is consummated without the knowledge of the intermediary 
shall not be considered to have violated this Rule. 
 
(k) Engage in pre-execution communications, except in accordance with the following 
procedures:  
 
(1) For the purposes of this Chapter, pre-execution communications shall mean 
communications between two (2) market participants for the purpose of discerning interest in 
the execution of a Transaction prior to the terms of an order being entered on the ETS and 
visible to all market participants on the electronic trading screen. 
 
(2) A market participant may engage in pre-execution communications with regard to 
Transactions executed on ETS where a market participant wishes to be assured that another 
market participant will take the opposite side of an order under the following circumstances: 
 
(A) If a Customer order is involved, the Customer has previously consented to 
such communications being made on its behalf; 
(B) A party to pre-execution communications shall not disclose the details of 
such communications to any Person who is not a party to the 
communications;  
(C) A party to pre-execution communications shall not enter an order to take 
advantage of information conveyed during such communications, except in 
accordance with this Rule;   
(D) Each Options order that results from pre-execution communications must be 
executed by entry into the ETS of a CO consisting of both the buy and sell 
orders. A party that has agreed to an Options CO resulting from pre-
execution communications may enter an order in a related market to hedge 
the risk associated with the pending CO, except for an intermediary taking 
the opposite side of its own Customer order. The CO must transact in the 
ETS before an order to hedge may be entered for: (i) any account in which 
the intermediary has a direct or indirect interest; or (ii) the account of any 
Person(s) that holds a relationship to the intermediary of a type enumerated 
in the definition of “proprietary account” in CFTC Regulation 1.3;   
 
(E) Each Futures order that results from pre-execution communications may be 
entered as a CO, which contains both the buy and sell order; or by separately 
entering one order and allowing it to be exposed on the ETS for a minimum 
of five (5) seconds before entering the opposing order;  


4-6 
 
(F) Once the terms of a CO have been agreed to, the parties may not delay entry 
of the CO and may not enter a Request for Quote (“RFQ”) with the intent to 
distract other participants from the pending CO. 
 
 (l) Engage in any other manipulative or disruptive trading practices prohibited by the Act or 
by the Commission pursuant to Commission regulation, including, but not limited to: 
 
(1) Entering an order or market message, or cause an order or market message to be 
entered, with: 
(A) The intent to cancel the order before execution, or modify the order to avoid 
execution; 
(B) The intent to overload, delay, or disrupt the systems of the Exchange or other 
market participants; 
(C) The intent to disrupt the orderly conduct of trading, the fair execution of 
transactions or mislead other market participants, or 
(D) Reckless disregard for the adverse impact of the order or market message. 
 
(2) Knowingly entering any bid or offer for the purpose of making a market price which 
does not reflect the true state of the market, or knowingly entering, or causing to be entered, bids 
or offers other than in good faith for the purpose of executing bona fide Transactions. 
 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2018; effective April 23, 2018 [¶¶ (k)(2)(E)]. 
Amended by the Board June 21, 2018; effective July 13, 2018 [¶¶ (g)(2) through (5) and (k)(D)] 
Amended by the Board August 7, 2019; effective August 23, 2019 [¶¶ (k)(2)(D) through 
(k)(2)(F)]. 
Rule 4.03. Dual Trading Violations 
(a) Prohibited Purchases. It shall be a violation of the Rules for any Person to purchase, on 
the ETS market, any Exchange Futures Contract or any Exchange Call Option or sell any 
Exchange Put Option for his own account or for any account in which he has any direct or 
indirect interest while holding an order of another Person for the same Commodity for the 
purchase of an Exchange Futures Contract or Exchange Call Option or sale of an Exchange Put 
Option, which is executable at the market price or at the price at which such purchase can be 
made for such Person’s own account or for the account in which he has an interest. 
(b) Prohibited Sales. It shall be a violation of the Rules for any Person to sell, on the ETS 
market, any Exchange Futures Contract or any Exchange Call Option or buy any Exchange Put 
Option for his own account or for any account in which he has any direct or indirect interest while 
holding an order of another Person for the same Commodity for the sale of an Exchange Futures 
Contract or Exchange Call Option or purchase of an Exchange Put Option, which is executable at 
the market price or at the price at which such sale can be made for such Person’s own account or 
for the account in which he has an interest. 
Rule 4.04. Conduct Detrimental to the Exchange 
It shall be a violation of the Rules for any Person to fail to conform to, the Rules or the 
procedures of the Exchange or the Clearing Organization, or to engage in conduct or practices 
inconsistent with just and equitable principles of trade or conduct detrimental to the best interests 
of the Exchange. 
 
 


4-7 
Rule 4.05. Prohibition on Dissemination of False Information 
 
It shall be a violation of the Rules for any Person to disseminate any false, misleading or 
knowingly inaccurate information, including reports concerning crop or market information or 
conditions that affect or tend to affect the price of any Commodity traded on the Exchange. 
Rule 4.06. Exchange for Related Position 
(a) The following transactions shall be permitted by arrangement between the parties in 
accordance with the requirements of this Rule, each type of transaction being referred to as an 
Exchange for Related Position (“EFRP”): 
 (i) AA or EFP Transaction: A privately negotiated and simultaneous exchange of an 
Exchange futures position for a corresponding related cash position; 
 (ii) EFS or Exchange for Risk (“EFR”): A privately negotiated and simultaneous 
exchange of an Exchange futures position for a corresponding related OTC swap or other 
OTC instrument;  
 
(iii) Exchange of Options for options (“EOO”): A privately negotiated and simultaneous 
exchange of an Exchange Option position for a corresponding related OTC option position 
or other OTC instrument with similar characteristics. 
 
 (b) EFRP Transaction Requirements 
 (i) An EFRP Transaction shall consist of two discrete but related simultaneous 
transactions in which one party must be the buyer of (or the holder of the long market 
exposure associated with) the related position and seller of the corresponding Exchange 
contract, and the other party to the EFRP Transaction must be the seller of (or the holder of 
the short market exposure associated with) the related position and the buyer of the 
corresponding Exchange contract. The related position must involve the commodity 
underlying the Exchange Futures Contract or Option (or any by-product or related product) 
in a quantity that is approximately equivalent to the quantity covered by the Exchange 
Futures Contract or Option.   Exchange Traded Funds (“ETFs”) are an acceptable cash or 
physical component of an EFP.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, a third party may facilitate 
an EFRP by acting as the principal on the cash or OTC component of the transaction (the 
“Related Position”).  Except as provided in paragraph (b)(vii)(A) below, the Related 
Position must pass through to the Person that receives the Exchange Futures Contract as 
part of the EFRP transaction.   
(ii) Each EFRP requires a bona fide transfer of ownership of the Cash Commodity 
between the parties or a bona fide, legally binding contract between the parties consistent 
with relevant market conventions for the particular related product transaction. 
(iii) The execution of an EFRP transaction may not be contingent upon the execution of 
another EFRP or related position transaction between the parties where the transactions 
result in the offset of the related position without the incurrence of market risk that is 
material in the context of the related position transactions. 
(iv) The accounts involved in the execution of an EFRP Transaction must be (A) 
independently controlled with different beneficial ownership; or (B) independently 
controlled accounts of separate legal entities with the same beneficial ownership; or (C) 
independently controlled accounts within the same legal entity, provided that the account 
controllers operate in separate business units.  


4-8 
(v) The parties to an EFRP Transaction shall maintain all documents relevant to the 
Exchange contract and the related position including all documents customarily generated 
in accordance with the relevant market practices, including, as applicable, copies of the 
documents evidencing title to, or the contract or contracts to buy or sell, the Cash 
Commodity (or the by-product or related product) involved in such Transaction, and master 
swap agreements and any supplements thereto. Any such documents and information shall 
be furnished to the Exchange upon request. The carrying Clearing Member shall be 
responsible to provide such requested documents and information on a timely basis.  
 (vi) EFRP Transactions executed on the Last Trading Day for any delivery month in 
any Sugar No. 11 or Sugar No. 16 Futures Contract must be executed and reported before 
the final five (5) minutes of trading. 
(vii) EFPs which result in the parties immediately offsetting (i) a foreign currency cash 
transaction with the cash leg of a foreign currency EFP and (ii) an ICE Benchmark 
Administration (“IBA”) London Gold Auction and/or London Silver Auction (“Auction”) 
delivery obligation with the cash leg of a Gold Daily Futures Contract or a Silver Daily 
Futures Contract (as applicable) EFP are permitted.  Such transactions are not permitted for 
any other asset classes or Commodity Contracts.  
(A) Foreign Currency EFP Transactions  
The Exchange would expect to see confirmation statements issued by the 
bank/foreign exchange dealer party to the Transaction. These confirmation 
statements should be the type normally produced by the bank/foreign exchange 
dealer for confirmation of currency deals and must indicate, by name or account 
number, the identity of the counter party principal to the Transaction. However, in 
circumstances where the EFP Transaction is between a bank/foreign exchange dealer 
and a CTA, account controller, or other Person (“Account  Controller”) facilitating, 
as principal, the cash/OTC component of the transaction, the confirmation statement 
issued by the bank/foreign exchange dealer or a written allocation instruction issued 
by the Account Controller as soon as practicable after the entire transaction is 
complete, must identify, at minimum, the name of the Account Controller, the name 
of the Carrying Clearing Member and the account number (or other account specific 
designation), but need not identify the customer of the Account Controller  by name. 
 
(B) Gold Daily and Silver Daily EFP Transactions 
 
The Exchange requires documentation to be furnished upon request evidencing 
the IBA matching of the parties in the Auction. Such documentation should indicate 
the date of the Auction, the date of delivery and amount of Gold or Silver to be 
delivered. Documentation may be in the form of a standard confirmation statement 
issued by a party or may be furnished directly by IBA. A party should be able to 
demonstrate that it, or its Clearing Member, has the capability to settle transactions in 
the spot loco London Gold and Silver market.  
 (viii) A Person providing inventory financing may enter into an AA/EFP Transaction in 
which there is a purchase of the storable agricultural, energy or metals commodity and the 
sale of an equivalent quantity of Exchange Futures Contracts and simultaneously grant to 
the same counterparty the nontransferable right, but not the obligation, to effectuate a 
second AA/EFP Transaction during a specified time period in the future which will have 
the effect of reversing the original AA/EFP Transaction. 


4-9 
(c) Reporting Requirements 
The parties to an EFRP Transaction shall cause the Transaction to be identified and reported 
to the Exchange in accordance with such procedures as are determined by the Exchange from 
time to time. 
(d) All Commodity Contracts effected as part of EFRP Transactions shall be cleared in the 
usual manner.  If a Clearing Member has actual or constructive notice or knowledge of the 
execution of non-bona fide EFRPs by its customer and the Clearing Member fails to take 
appropriate action, the Clearing Member may be found to have committed an act detrimental to 
the best interests of the Exchange. 
Amended by the Board July 28, 2017, effective September 5, 2017 [¶¶ (b)(vii) and (b)(vii)(B)]. 
Amended by the Board October 24, 2017; effective November 8, 2017 [¶(d)]. 
Amended by the Board December 11, 2019; effective January 1, 2020 [¶¶ (b)(i)]. 
Amended by the Board June 21, 2023; effective July 31, 2023 [¶ (b)(i)]. 
Rule 4.07. Block Trading 
(a) Privately negotiated Transactions may be entered into with respect to Commodity 
Contracts designated by the Exchange for such purpose (hereinafter referred to as "Block 
Trades"), provided that all of the following conditions are satisfied: 
(i) Each party to a Block Trade must be: 
(A) an eligible contract participant as that term is defined in Section 1a(18) of the Act; 
provided that, if the Block Trade is entered into on behalf of Customers by (1) a commodity 
trading advisor registered under the Act ("CTA"), including without limitation any 
investment advisor registered as such with the Securities and Exchange Commission that is 
exempt from regulation under the Act or CFTC regulations (“Exempt Investment Adviser”), 
with total assets under management exceeding US $25 million, or by (2) a foreign entity 
performing a similar role or function to a CTA or investment advisor that is subject to foreign 
regulation (“Foreign Adviser”), with total assets under management exceeding US $50 
million, the individual Customers need not so qualify, or  
(B) a corporation, business trust, partnership, limited liability company or similar 
business venture (other than a commodity pool), which, at the time of entering into the first 
block trade on the Exchange, has total assets in excess of $5 million and meets one of the 
portfolio requirements specified in CFTC Regulation 4.7(a)(1)(v), or 
(C) a natural person whose individual net worth, or joint net worth with that person’s 
spouse, at the time of entering into the first block trade on the Exchange, would qualify the 
individual as an ‘accredited investor’ as defined in SEC Rule 230.501(a)(5) and who meets 
one of the portfolio requirements specified in CFTC Regulation 4.7(a)(1)(v); or 
(D) a natural person whose income, at the time of entering into the first block trade on the 
Exchange, would qualify the individual as an ‘accredited investor’ as defined in SEC Rule 
230.501(a)(6) and who meets one of the portfolio requirements specified in CFTC Regulation 
4.7(a)(1)(v), or 
(E) a ‘Non-United States person’, as such term is defined in CFTC Regulation 
4.7(a)(1)(iv). 
(ii) Each buy or sell order underlying a Block Trade must: 
(A) state explicitly that it is to be, or may be, executed by means of a Block Trade; and 


4-10 
(B) be for at least the applicable minimum threshold as specified by the Exchange; 
provided that only a CTA, including without limitation an Exempt Investment Adviser, 
with total assets under management exceeding US $25 million or a Foreign Adviser with 
total assets under management exceeding US $50 million, may satisfy this requirement by 
aggregating orders for different accounts. 
(iii) The price at which a Block Trade is executed must be fair and reasonable in light of 
(A) the size of such Block Trade, (B) the price and size of other Trades in the same contract 
at the relevant time; and (C) the price and size of Trades in other relevant markets, at the 
relevant time. 
(iv) Block Trades shall not set off conditional orders, including but not limited to, stop 
orders, limit orders or market-if-touched orders, or otherwise affect orders in the regular 
market. 
(v) Block Trades executed on the Last Trading Day for any delivery month in Sugar No. 11 
Futures Contract must be executed and reported before the final five (5) minutes of trading. 
(b) Block Trades may be executed in Exchange Futures and Options Contracts as determined 
by the Board and must meet the applicable minimum thresholds for such contracts as determined 
by the Board from time to time. 
(c) The parties to a Block Trade shall cause the Transaction to be reported to the Exchange in 
accordance with such procedure as are determined by the Exchange from time to time. 
 
(d) If a Clearing Member has actual or constructive knowledge that an account it carries does 
not meet the requirements of paragraph (a)(i) of this Rule and fails to take appropriate action, the 
Clearing Member may be found to have committed an act detrimental to the best interests of the 
Exchange. Upon request from the Exchange, a Clearing Member carrying an account for which a 
Block Trade has been executed shall verify that the account holder meets the requirements of 
paragraph (a)(i) of this Rule and shall advise the Exchange of the basis of such determination. 
(e) Block Trades may not be used to establish positions upon which a cash and carry 
exemption request made in accordance with Rule 6.29 is based. 
 
(f) Notwithstanding paragraph (a)(i) of this Rule, the Chief Regulatory Officer or his 
designee may authorize an exception to the minimum threshold quantity or permit a block trade at 
a price within the historical range for the contract(s) being traded, where, in the opinion of the 
Exchange official, it is deemed: (i) to be in the best interests of the Exchange; or (ii) to be the 
most appropriate means to remedy an error that results from the good faith acts or omissions of 
any Person.   
Amended by the Board March 21, 2019, effective July 29, 2019 [¶¶ (a)(i)(A) through (a)(i)(E)]. 
Amended by the Board March 21, 2019; effective January 27, 2020 [¶ (d)]. 
Amended by the Board August 12, 2020; effective August 28, 2020 [¶ (f)]. 
 
ACCESS 
 
Rule 4.08. Access to ETS 
 
(a) All Clearing Members are eligible for Direct Access to the ETS upon execution of a 
Participant Agreement and such other agreements required by the Exchange or its Affiliates 
relating to such ETS access.   


4-11 
(b) A Clearing Member may authorize any eligible Person to have Direct Access to the ETS.  
A Person is eligible for Direct Access to the ETS upon execution of a Participant Agreement and 
such other agreements required by the Exchange or its Affiliates relating to such ETS access. 
(c) Clearing Members and Persons with Direct Access may connect to the ETS through 
Direct Access by using an application provided by WebICE or another independent software 
vendor (“ISV”) which has been approved and authorized by the Exchange, or by developing their 
own application program interface (“API”) which has been approved and authorized by the 
Exchange 
(d) A Clearing Member may permit its Customers to connect to the ETS by Order Routing.  
A Customer that connects to the ETS by Order Routing does not itself have Direct Access. 
(e) The Exchange may refuse to grant Direct Access to any Person which a Clearing Member 
seeks to authorize if the Exchange determines that granting Direct Access to such Person is not 
consistent with the best interests of the Exchange.  Any such refusal by the Exchange may be 
appealed by the Clearing Member and shall be considered by a panel of the Business Conduct 
Committee comprised of three members of the committee.  Each panel shall determine the 
specific procedures to be applied, provided that the Clearing Member shall be afforded the 
opportunity to present such evidence as it deems relevant.  Such a presentation shall be conducted 
informally with no transcript taken. 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2017; effective July 13, 2017. 
 
Amended by the Board September 8, 2023; effective September 25, 2023 [¶¶ (a) and (b)]. 
 
Rule 4.09. Access for Submitting Block Trades and Other Non-Competitive Transactions 
 
(a) Block Trades, EFPs, EFSs and EOOs are non-competitive Transactions that may be 
executed in accordance with the Rules specifically applicable to them and submitted to the 
Exchange by the Customer or another Person authorized to do so by the Clearing Member 
carrying the account for which the Transactions are submitted (an “Authorized Person”). 
 
(b) An Authorized Person must execute a Participant Agreement to Access the ETS to submit 
non-competitive trades permitted by the Exchange. 
(c) Any Block Trade submitted to the ETS by an Authorized Person in accordance with this 
Rule that is not otherwise accepted by a Clearing Member shall be automatically cleared on the 
Trade date to the Clearing Member which authorized the submission of non-competitive trades by 
the relevant Authorized Person for the account to which the Authorized Person allocated such 
Block Trade. 
 
(d) Each Block Trade and each EFRP submitted to the Exchange with complete details for 
each Trade side will be allocated to, and deemed accepted by, the Clearing Member which 
authorized the respective account(s) and Authorized Person(s) to submit the Transaction. Each 
such Clearing Member shall be financially liable for their Trade side in accordance with Rule 
4.10 unless it is subsequently accepted, in accordance with Exchange Rules, by another Clearing 
Member through a post-trade position management interface made available by the Exchange or 
Clearing House. The re-allocation of a Trade side to another Clearing Member through a post-


4-12 
trade position management interface shall be made as soon as practicable after the Trade is 
reported, and the receiving Clearing Member shall become financially liable under Rule 4.10 
upon affirmatively accepting the Trade in accordance with the procedures specified by the 
Exchange from time to time.  Acceptance by the receiving Clearing Member shall take place as 
soon as practicable, but in no event later than the end of the first Trading Session after the Trade 
is reported.  
 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2017; effective July 13, 2017. 
Amended by the Board December 15, 2021; effective February 18, 2022 [¶ (d)]. 
 
Rule 4.10 Clearing Member Responsibilities 
 
(a) Each Clearing Member is responsible for the financial obligations arising from Direct 
Access it authorizes for any Person and for each Customer for which it provides Order Routing 
access, with respect to all orders entered and Transactions executed under its Clearing Member 
Mnemonic. 
 
(b) A Clearing Member is obligated to accept for clearance on the Trade date all Trades 
allocated to such Clearing Member that have been executed (i) by a Person through Direct Access 
that has been authorized by such Clearing Member and (ii) by a Customer for which it provides 
Order Routing access.  Except as provided in Rule 4.14, a Clearing Member’s obligation to 
accept such Trades for clearance shall remain in full force and effect until the Exchange 
terminates such Direct Access or Order Routing access and cancels all orders as a result of the 
Clearing Member’s written notice to the Exchange revoking its authorization of such access.    
 
(c) With respect to each Person for which it has authorized Direct Access or Customer for 
which it provides Order Routing access, the Clearing Member shall: 
 
 
(i) take any and all actions requested or required by the Exchange with respect to such 
Person, including, but not limited to, assisting the Exchange in any investigation into 
potential violations of the Rules or of the Act, and requiring them to produce documents, 
provide information, answer questions and/or to appear in connection with any investigation; 
  
(ii) suspend or terminate the Direct Access if the Clearing Member has reason to believe 
that the Person is enjoined by order, judgment or decree of any court of competent jurisdiction 
or of the CFTC or the Securities and Exchange Commission or of any state securities authority 
or agency from engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection with the 
purchase or sale of any Commodity, security, option or similar instrument; or if a Person with 
Direct Access fails to have adequate systems and controls for risk management to monitor its 
orders and trades effected through Direct Access on a real time basis; 
 
 
(iii) suspend or terminate such Person if the Clearing Member has reason to believe that 
their actions threaten the integrity or liquidity of any Exchange Contract, violate the Rules or 
the Act, or if they fail to cooperate in any investigation; and 
 
 
(iv) independently maintain appropriate controls designed to facilitate the Clearing 
Member’s management of financial risk and also utilize such controls designed to facilitate 
the Clearing Member’s management of financial risk as may be provided by the Exchange 
from time to time. 
 


4-13 
(d) In accordance with subparagraph (c)(iv) of this Rule, a Clearing Member may authorize, 
as its agent, a Carrying Member or foreign broker carrying a Customer omnibus account, to 
utilize functionality provided by the Exchange to facilitate management of such Clearing 
Member’s financial risk.  The authorizing Clearing Member and any Carrying Member or foreign 
broker so authorized shall execute such agreements as required by the Exchange from time to 
time regarding the use of such functionality.  The foregoing does not relieve a Clearing Member 
of its obligations to comply with any provision of this Rule or any other Exchange Rule.        
 
(e) If a Clearing Member has actual or constructive notice of a violation or potential violation 
of the Rules or the Act in connection with the use of ETS by a Customer for which it provides 
Order Routing access or by a Person with Direct Access which has been authorized by such 
Clearing Member, and the Clearing Member fails to take appropriate action, the Clearing 
Member may be found to have violated Rule 4.04 and subject to disciplinary action under the 
Rules. 
 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2017; effective July 13, 2017. 
Amended by the Board December 1, 2017; effective January 15, 2018 [¶¶ (d) and (e)]. 
 
Rule 4.11 Reserved 
 
Rule 4.12. Revocation of Direct Access Authorization by Clearing Member 
  
A Clearing Member that authorizes Direct Access for a Person may revoke such authorization 
without prior notice to the Person. Written notice of the revocation of such authorization shall be 
immediately provided to the Exchange, which shall thereby terminate the Direct Access that had 
been authorized by such Clearing Member and cancel all orders of the Person in the system under 
the revoking Clearing Member’s Mnemonic. 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2017; effective July 13, 2017. 
Rule 4.13.  eBadges and Responsible Individuals 
 
(a) Each Clearing Member and Person with Direct Access shall request one (1) or more 
eBadges as it deems necessary to accommodate the nature and volume of its business. 
(b) At least one (1) Responsible Individual must be registered with the Exchange for each 
eBadge issued. The Exchange, in its sole discretion, may limit the number of, or require 
additional, eBadges and Responsible Individuals. Whenever a Responsible Individual is absent 
and therefore not able to be contacted, a Backup Responsible Individual must be registered with 
the Exchange to fulfill the role of a Responsible Individual. 
 
(c) A Responsible Individual or, in his absence, a Backup Responsible Individual, must be 
reachable via telephone by the Exchange at all times that any of the eBadges as to which he is 
registered with the Exchange are in use. 
 
(d) A Responsible Individual may be a trader or supervisor of other individuals who are 
traders. 
 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2017; effective July 13, 2017. 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2023; effective June 1, 2023 [¶ (a)]. 


4-14 
Rule 4.14. Effect of Termination or Suspension of Clearing Member 
If a Clearing Member terminates its Clearing Membership with the Exchange or has its 
Clearing Member privileges terminated or suspended by the Exchange or the Clearing 
Organization, the Direct Access of the Clearing Member, the Direct Access authorized by such 
Clearing Member to any Person, and any Order Routing provided to Customer shall automatically 
terminate on the effective date of the termination or suspension of such clearing privileges. 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2017; effective July 13, 2017. 
Rule 4.15. Required Identifications 
 
(a) Each individual Person with Direct Access, employee of a Clearing Member or of a 
Person with Direct Access, automated trading system and Customer that connects to the ETS by 
Order Routing must have a unique identification assigned to them in accordance with the 
procedure adopted by the Exchange from time to time in order to utilize ETS.  Each Person or 
automated trading system assigned a unique identification shall be referred to as a “Registered 
Operator”.  The unique identification assigned to a Registered Operator may not be reassigned to 
another Registered Operator. 
 
(b) Orders entered on the ETS must include the unique identification assigned to the 
Registered Operator.  A Registered Operator is prohibited from allowing any other Person or 
automated trading system to use such unique identification to enter orders on the ETS.  A 
Registered Operator may not enter orders on the ETS using a unique identification that has not 
been assigned to the Registered Operator. 
(c) Each Clearing Member and Person with Direct Access shall file with the Exchange, in a 
method and format prescribed by the Exchange, information regarding each Registered Operator 
for whom the Clearing Member and/or the Person with Direct Access has authorized  access to 
the ETS and who is either (i) a Member, (ii) an employee of a Member, Member Firm, Person  
with Direct Access or Clearing Member, (iii) individuals or employees of firms who participate in 
an Exchange market maker, market specialist or fee program, or (iv) any other Registered 
Operator as determined by the Exchange. Said information shall be filed with the Exchange prior 
to the date the Registered Operator is given access to ETS.  Each Clearing Member and Person 
with Direct Access shall ensure the accuracy of the registration information on file with the 
Exchange regarding its Registered Operators. 
 
(d) Each order entered through an eBadge must contain the unique identification assigned in 
accordance with paragraph (a) of this Rule that identifies the Registered Operator who entered the 
order. Each Registered Operator must utilize a client application that automatically populates the 
unique identification for every order. 
 
(e) A Registered Operator shall be subject to the Rules, including, but not limited to, the 
Rules of this Chapter and Rules relating to order handling, trade practices and disciplinary 
proceedings. It shall be the duty of the Person who employs the Registered Operator to supervise 
the Registered Operator’s compliance with the Rules, and any violation thereof by such 
Registered Operator may be considered a violation by the employer.  
 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2017; effective July 13, 2017. 


4-15 
 
ORDERS 
 
Rule 4.16. Customer Disclosure Statement 
 
No Clearing Member or Member who is an FCM or introducing broker shall accept an order 
from, or on behalf of, a Customer for entry into ETS, unless such Customer is first provided with 
the Uniform Electronic Trading and Order Routing System Disclosure Statement required by the 
National Futures Association.  
 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2017; effective July 13, 2017. 
Rule 4.17. Acceptable Orders 
 
(a) The following order types are supported by the ETS and shall be available in such futures 
and options contracts as determined by the Exchange from time to time (listed in alphabetical 
order): 
 
(i) “Calendar Spread orders” – Calendar Spread orders are orders to purchase one (1) or 
more Exchange Futures Contracts and sell an equal number of Exchange Futures Contracts in 
the same Commodity at a stated price difference.  All Exchange Futures Contracts 
comprising the Calendar Spread Order must be for the same Person.  Calendar Spread orders 
may either trade against other matching Calendar Spread orders or may be traded against 
outright contracts. When traded against outright contracts, the outright contract prices are 
always used for each of the legs of the Calendar Spread order. When traded against another 
Calendar Spread order, the prices of the legs of such Transactions will be generated by a 
Calendar Spread algorithm determined by the Exchange and the prices of the legs of such 
Transactions may exceed the daily price limit for the respective product.  
 
(A) For ETS Calendar Spread orders for Cocoa, Coffee “C”®, Cotton No. 2®, FCOJ, 
Sugar No. 11®, Sugar No. 16, Canola, Energy, ICE Mortgage Index and all physically 
settled Gold and Silver Contracts, a buy order is defined as purchasing the near month and 
selling the far month, and a sell order is defined as a selling the near month and purchasing 
the far month. 
 
(B) For ETS Calendar Spread orders for Financial Contracts and other Index Contracts, a 
buy order is defined as purchasing the far month and selling the near month, and a sell 
order is defined as selling the far month and purchasing the near month. 
 
(ii) ”Intercommodity Spread Orders” – Intercommodity Spread orders are orders to 
purchase one (1) or more Exchange Futures Contracts and sell an equal number of Exchange 
Futures Contracts in a different Commodity at a stated price difference.  All Exchange 
Futures Contracts comprising the Intercommodity Spread Order must be for the same Person. 
  Intercommodity Spread orders may only trade against other matching Intercommodity 
spread orders and the prices of the legs, which may exceed the daily price limit for the 
respective product, will be generated by an algorithm determined by the Exchange.  An order 
to buy an Intercommodity Spread is defined as purchasing the first named commodity and 
selling the second named commodity, and an order to sell an Intercommodity Spread is 
defined as a selling the first named commodity and purchasing the second named commodity. 
 


4-16 
(iii) “Limit orders” – Limit orders are orders to buy or sell a stated quantity at a specified 
price, or at a better price, if obtainable.  Unless otherwise specified, any residual volume from 
an incomplete limit order is retained in the central order book until the end of the day unless 
it is a GTC order, it is withdrawn or executed. 
 
(iv) “Market orders” – Market orders are executed at the best price or prices available in the 
order book at the time the order is received by ETS until the order has been filled in its 
entirety.  However, a market order in the Exchange’s agricultural and Henry Hub products 
will not trade outside of the Reasonability Limits, a market order in all of the Exchange’s 
other Energy Contracts shall not trade outside 100% of the No Cancellation Range (“NCR”) 
and a market order in the Exchange’s Financial, Digital Currency and Index Contracts will 
not trade outside of 200% of the NCR and any residual volume from an incomplete market 
order is canceled.  Market orders are rejected if the market is not open. 
 
(v) “Options Spread orders” – Options Spread orders are orders to effect one (1) Exchange 
Options Contract in conjunction with one (1) or more other Exchange Options Contracts(s) in 
the same commodity or to effect a Combination Transaction.  All Exchange Options 
Contracts comprising the Options Spread Order must be for the same Person.   
 
(A) A “Combination Transaction” shall mean two (2) or more Commodity Contracts 
traded simultaneously and comprised of an Exchange Options Position and a related 
Exchange Futures Position. 
 
(B) Combination Transactions may only be executed when both the Exchange Futures 
Contract and its related Exchange Options Contract are listed for trading. 
  
(C) All Commodity Contracts comprising the Combination Transaction must be for the 
same Person. 
 
(D) The Exchange Futures Contract must be priced within its respective daily price 
limits. 
 
(E) No Registered Operator, upon receiving separate orders for Exchange Futures 
Contracts and for Exchange Options contracts for the same or different customers, may 
combine and execute such orders as a Combination Transaction but must execute each 
order separately. 
 
(F) The futures position must offset the net Options position of the Combination 
Transaction. 
 
(G) The number of Exchange Futures Contracts should not exceed the number of 
Exchange Options Contracts for the Combination Transaction. 
 
(vi) “Stop Orders” – Acceptable Types 
 
  (A) In the event that a particular Commodity Contract is subject to different NCRs based 
on the delivery months, the widest NCR that is listed for the particular Commodity 
Contract shall be applied for Stop Limit Orders and Stop Orders with Protection 
(collectively, “Stop Orders”), regardless of the delivery month specified in such order. 
 


4-17 
  (B) “Stop-Limit Orders” – A Stop-Limit Order has two components: (1) the stop price and 
(2) the limit price.  When a trade has occurred on ETS at or through the stop price, the 
order becomes executable and enters the market as a Limit order at the limit price.  The 
order will be executed at all price levels from the stop price up to and including the limit 
price.  If the order is not fully executed, the remaining quantity of the order will remain 
active in ETS at the limit price. 
 
(a) With respect to Stop-Limit Orders for non-Calendar Spread Transactions, the 
allowable price range between the stop price and the limit price of a Stop-Limit Order 
will be restricted to 100% of the NCR for the specified Commodity Contract. 
 
(b) With respect to Stop-Limit Orders for Calendar Spreads, the allowable price range 
between the stop price differential and the limit price differential of a Stop-Limit Order 
will be restricted to the range specified for the Commodity Contract as determined by the 
Exchange from time to time (the “Calendar Spread Stop-Limit Order Range”). 
 
(c) A buy Stop-Limit becomes executable when a trade occurs at or higher than the 
stop price.  When entered, the stop price must be above the current best offer or, if no 
working offer, above the current anchor price.  The limit price must be equal to or greater 
than the stop price. 
 
(d) A sell Stop-Limit becomes executable when a trade occurs at or lower than the stop 
price.  When entered, the stop price must be below the current best bid or, if no working 
bid, then below the current anchor price.  The limit price must be equal to or less than the 
stop price. 
 
(C) “Stop Orders with Protection” – A Stop Order with Protection has two components: 
(1) the stop price and (2) an Exchange set protection limit price.  The Exchange set limit 
price is the NCR for the specified Commodity Contract from the stated stop price.  When a 
trade has occurred on ETS at or through the stop price, the order becomes executable and 
enters the market as a Limit order at the Exchange set limit price.  The order will be 
executed at all price levels from the stop price up to and including the limit price.  If the 
order is not fully executed, the remaining quantity of the order will remain active in ETS at 
the limit price. 
 
(a) A buy Stop will have as its Exchange set limit price the stated stop price plus the 
NCR for the specified Commodity Contract. 
 
(b) A sell Stop will have as its Exchange set limit price the stated stop price minus the 
NCR for the specified Commodity Contract. 
 
(c) For Commodity Contracts with daily price limits, the Exchange set limit price will 
not exceed the absolute maximum price permitted. 
 
(d) A buy Stop for a Calendar Spread will have as its Exchange set limit price 
differential the stated stop price differential plus the Calendar Spread Stop-Limit Order 
Range then in effect for the specified Commodity Contract. 
 
(e) A sell Stop for a Calendar Spread will have as its Exchange set limit price 
differential the stated stop price differential minus the Calendar Spread Stop-Limit Order 
Range then in effect for the specified Commodity Contract. 


4-18 
 
(vii) “Trade At Index Close orders” – Trade At Index Close (“TIC”) orders are orders to 
buy or sell a stated quantity of an index-based futures contract at the end of the day Spot 
Index Value for the index upon which the futures contract is based, or up to a maximum 
number of minimum price fluctuations above or below the Spot Index Value. TIC orders may 
be submitted only for those Commodity Contracts and delivery months, during such time 
periods and for such maximum number of minimum price fluctuations above or below the 
Spot Index Value, as specified by the Exchange from time to time.   
 
(viii) Trade at Morning Marker Price orders – Trade At Morning Marker Price (“TAMM”) 
orders are orders to buy or sell a stated quantity at: 
 
(A) the Trading Session’s Morning Marker Price or up to two (2) minimum price 
fluctuations above or below the Trading Session’s Morning Marker Price; or 
 
(B) if a Calendar Spread, at the spread differential between the Trading Session’s 
Morning Marker Prices of the two (2) delivery months or up to two (2) minimum price 
fluctuations above or below the spread differential between the Trading Session’s Morning 
Marker Prices of the two (2) delivery months; 
 
For purposes of this Rule, the Morning Marker Price for an Exchange Futures Contract 
month shall be determined by the Exchange following the same procedures used to calculate 
Daily Settlement Prices as provided in Rule 4.34 and using prices traded or, if not traded, bid 
and offered during the Morning Marker Period.  
 
For purposes of this Rule, the Morning Marker Period for each Exchange Futures Contract 
shall commence at the same time as the floor trading session for the related Exchange 
Options Contract begins and shall last for two (2) minutes for Sugar No. 11, Coffee “C” and 
Cocoa Futures Contracts and for one (1) minute for Cotton No. 2 and FCOJ Futures 
Contracts. 
 
TAMM orders may be submitted only for those Commodity Contracts and delivery months 
and during such time periods as specified by the Exchange from time to time. TAMM orders 
may result in transactions priced outside the daily price limits.  
 
(ix) “Trade At Settlement orders” – Trade At Settlement (“TAS”) orders are orders to buy 
or sell a stated quantity at: 
 
(A) the Trading Session’s Settlement Price or up to one hundred (100) minimum price 
fluctuations above or below the Trading Session’s Settlement Price for Energy Futures 
Contracts or up to five (5) minimum price fluctuations above or below the Trading 
Session’s Settlement Price; for all other Exchange Futures Contracts; or 
 
(B) if a Calendar Spread, at the spread differential between the Trading Session’s 
Settlement Prices of the two (2) delivery months up to one hundred (100) minimum price 
fluctuations above or below the spread differential between the Trading Session’s 
Settlement Price of the two delivery months for Calendar Spreads involving Energy Futures 
Contracts or five (5) minimum price fluctuations above or below the spread differential 
between the Trading Session’s Settlement Prices of the two (2) delivery months for all 
other Calendar Spreads; provided, however, that if either or both delivery months settles at 
a price that is limit up or limit down, then the price of the second leg of the Calendar 


4-19 
Spread shall be determined by the Exchange on the basis of observed prices of Transactions 
involving such Calendar Spread executed during the settlement period or, in the absence of 
trades in such Calendar Spread during the settlement period by using the procedures used to 
determine Daily Settlement prices as provided in Rule 4.34. 
 
TAS orders may be submitted only for those Commodity Contracts and delivery months 
and during such time periods as specified by the Exchange from time to time. TAS orders 
may result in transactions priced outside the daily price limits. 
 
(x) “Intermarket Spread Orders” – Intermarket Spread Orders are orders to purchase (sell) 
one (1) or more Exchange Futures Contracts and, based on the ratio defined by the Exchange, 
sell and/or purchase one (1) or more Futures Contract(s) at ICE Futures Europe at a stated 
price difference.  All Futures Contracts comprising the Intermarket Spread Order must be for 
the same Person.   Intermarket Spread Orders may only trade against other matching 
Intermarket Spread Orders and the prices of the legs, which may exceed the daily price limit 
for the respective Futures Contract, will be determined by the Exchange and ICE Futures 
Europe. 
 
(b) An ETS order may contain one (1) or more of the following functionalities for such 
futures and options contracts as determined by the Exchange from time to time: 
 
 (i) “Reserve Quantity orders” - An ETS order may specify a maximum disclosure volume 
to be shown to the market for an order enabling the order to be released gradually without 
revealing the full size. The unrevealed part of the order is released only when the first part of 
such order is completely filled. When each portion of the order is released, it is placed in its 
entirety at the end of the order priority queue. 
 
(ii) “Good After Logout orders” – Good After Logout (“GAL”) orders remain in the ETS 
market even after the trader has logged out or the connection to the ETS platform is lost.  
However, all orders, including GAL orders, will be deleted when the system closes at the end 
of the trading session. 
 
(iii) “Good ‘Til Canceled orders” – Good ‘Til Canceled (“GTC”) orders are orders to buy 
or sell a stated quantity at a stated price which remain active in ETS until such orders are 
either executed, canceled by the trader or automatically canceled at the Commodity 
Contract’s expiration. GTC orders retain their priority in the matching engine based on the 
date and time they were entered. 
 
(iv) “Good ‘Til Date orders” – Good ‘Til Date (“GTD”) orders are orders to buy or sell a 
stated quantity at a stated price which remain active in ETS until such orders are either 
executed, canceled by the trader or automatically canceled at the end of the trading session 
for the date specified. GTD orders retain their priority in the matching engine based on the 
date and time they were entered.  
 
(v) “Good ‘Til Date & Time orders” - Good ‘Til Date & Time (“GTD&T”) orders  remain 
active in the ETS until the date and local time specified by the user, or until they are filled in 
their entirety or cancelled by the user.   GTD&T orders retain their priority in the matching 
engine based on the date and time they were entered. 
 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2017; effective July 13, 2017. 
 
Amended by the Board June 21, 2018; effective July 30, 2018 [¶¶ (a)(i)(A)]. 


4-20 
 
Effective September 23, 2019 [(a)(i)(B) with the listing of Bitcoin Futures contracts]. 
 
Amended by the Board February 13, 2020; effective March 3, 2020 [¶¶ (a)(iv)]. 
Adopted by the Board November 16, 2021; effective December 6, 2021 [¶¶ (a)(x)]. 
Amended by the Board May 27, 2022; effective June 14, 2022 [¶¶ (a)(i)(A) and (a)(iv)]. 
 
Rule 4.18. Order Entry 
 
(a) A Registered Operator entering an order, other than in a clerical capacity, on behalf of a 
Customer Account, other than an order for the Registered Operator’s own account must have 
appropriate industry registration. 
 
(b) A Registered Operator who is registered with the CFTC as an associated person or in a 
comparable capacity under applicable law may enter discretionary or non-discretionary orders on 
behalf of any account of a Clearing Member with the prior approval of the Clearing Member. 
 
(c) A Registered Operator who is not registered as an associated person, or in a comparable 
capacity under applicable law, may enter non-discretionary orders on behalf of a Customer 
Account. Such Registered Operator may enter discretionary or non-discretionary orders for the 
account of his or her employer or for his or her own account if he or she is authorized by his 
employer to do so and does not enter or handle Customer orders.   
 
(d) Orders for a Customer Account, other than an order entered by a Customer for its own 
account, may only be entered from: 
 
(i) the premises of an entity appropriately registered to conduct Customer business or any 
other location designated by such entity by a Registered Operator who is also registered with 
such entity as an associated person or in a comparable capacity under applicable law. 
 
(e) It shall be the duty of each Registered Operator to: 
 
(i) submit orders that include his Log-In ID and, if applicable, authorized trader ID; and 
 
(ii) input the price, quantity, Exchange Commodity Contract, expiration month, correct CTI 
code and appropriate account designation for each order. 
 
(f) The account designation must be an account number, account name or other identifying 
notation that is uniquely tied to a specific account owner for whom the order is placed. 
 
(i) A suspense account may be utilized at the time of order entry for bunched orders that are 
eligible for post-trade allocation and which are made, time-stamped and executed pursuant to 
and, in accordance with, Rule 6.08 and CFTC Regulation 1.35(a-1) (5), provided that the 
appropriate account designation is entered by the end of the Trading Session into ACT or 
such other system as may be designated by the Exchange from time to time. 
(ii) A suspense account may be utilized at the time of order entry for any other order, 
provided, however, that a contemporaneous order record containing the correct account 
designation is made, time-stamped and maintained in accordance with Rule 6.08 and the 
appropriate account designation is entered, by the end of the Trading Session into ACT or 
such other system as may be designated by the Exchange from time to time. 


4-21 
(g) With respect to orders received by a Registered Operator who receives an order that is not 
immediately entered into ETS, an order record which includes the order instructions, account 
designation, date, time of receipt and any other information that is required by the Exchange must 
be made in accordance with Rule 6.08. The order must be entered into ETS when it becomes 
executable. 
 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2017; effective July 13, 2017. 
Amended by the Board September 22, 2021; effective October 19, 2021 [¶¶ (e)(ii)]. 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2023; effective June 1, 2023 [¶¶ (b) through (g)]. 
Amended by the Board June 21, 2023; effective July 21, 2023 [¶¶ (f)(ii) and (g)]. 
 
Rule 4.19. Audit Trail Requirements for Electronic Orders Submitted Through Direct 
Access or Order Routing Systems 
(a) Each Clearing Member or Person with Direct Access shall ensure that all orders submitted 
to the Exchange through its Direct Access connection and any Order Routing system (as 
applicable) comply with the requirements set forth in this Rule.   
 
(b) A Clearing Member or Person with Direct Access that has arrangements for a third party 
to populate and assign order data or maintain audit trail information on its behalf shall remain 
responsible for compliance with this Rule.  
 
(c) Each Clearing Member or Person with Direct Access shall, in accordance with procedures 
adopted by the Exchange at the time of order generation:  
 
(i) accurately assign and populate the following data elements: (1) Order Routing Trader & 
Authorized Trader (Tag 116 Left & 116 Right, respectively); (2) account number (Tag 
440); and (3) Manual Order Identifier (Tag 1028); and 
 
(ii) maintain, at a minimum, the following data for electronic orders:  
 
(1) date and times of (A) order entry, (B) order receipt and (C) all modification and 
cancellation messages submitted to ETS and responses to such messages. (The times 
of order entry, order receipt, order modification and responses must reflect the 
highest level of precision provided by the API, but not less than one hundredth of a 
second and shall not be subject to modification or alteration by the Person entering 
the order); and 
 
(2) the details for: (A) ICE Market ID (Tag 55); (B) buy/sell indicator (Tag 54); (C) 
futures or option indicator (Tag 167); (D) if option, put/call designation (Tag 201); 
(E) quantity (Tag 38); (F) if a reserve quantity order, the reserve quantity (Tag 210); 
(G) order type (Tag 40); (H) price (Tag 44); (I) stop price (Tag 99); (J) if option, 
strike price (Tag 202); (K) time-in-force (Tag 59); (L) Clearing Member ID (Tag 
439); (M) account number (Tag 440); (N) customer type indicator (Tag 9208); (O) 
ETS log-in identification (Tag 9139); (P) client order identification (Tag 11); (Q) 
Exchange order identification (Tag 37); and (R) order status (Tag 9175); (S) 
customer account Reference ID (Tag 9207); (T) Order Routing Member & 
Authorized Member (Tag 115 Left & 115 Right, respectively); (U) Order Routing 
Trader & Authorized Trader (Tag 116 Left & 116 Right, respectively); (V) Order 
Routing Group & Authorized Group (Tag 144 Left & 144 Right, respectively); (W) 


4-22 
Tag 
9821 
(SelfMatchPrevention 
ID); 
and 
(X) 
Tag 
9822 
(SelfMatchPreventionInstruction); and (Y) Manual Order Identifier (Tag 1028). 
 
(d) In accordance with Rule 4.10, a Clearing Member must take appropriate action if it has 
actual or constructive knowledge that a Clearing Member or Person with Direct Access it 
authorized has failed to accurately input and/or maintain each order or data field required to be 
populated by this Rule. Each Person with Direct Access is responsible for conforming to the 
above guidelines for all orders submitted to the Exchange through its Direct Access connection. 
 
(e) Each Person with Direct Access shall maintain (or cause to be maintained) and, upon 
request, produce the audit trail records required by this Rule; and each Clearing Member shall, 
upon request, obtain and produce the audit trail records required under this Rule for each Person 
with Direct Access that such Clearing Member has authorized.  The electronic audit trail must be 
maintained for a minimum of five (5) years, in accordance with Rule 6.07(b). Upon the request of 
the Exchange, each Clearing Member or Person with Direct Access must produce to the 
Exchange the audit trail data in a format prescribed by the Exchange. 
 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2017; effective July 13, 2017. 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2022; effective January 3, 2023 [¶¶ (a) through (e)].  
 
Rule 4.20. Revising Orders 
 
The price or volume of an ETS order that has not fully traded may be revised. If the volume 
is reduced, the time priority originally assigned to the order does not change. Revising the price 
or increasing the volume will change the order’s time priority in the queue to the time ETS 
receives the revision. 
 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2017; effective July 13, 2017. 
Rule 4.21. Deactivating and Deleting Orders 
 
  When a Registered Operator logs off, all of his ETS orders are deactivated except for orders 
designated as GAL or GTC. If for any reason the connection to ETS is lost, all orders entered 
from that location are deactivated except for orders designated as GAL or GTC. 
 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2017; effective July 13, 2017. 
TRADING 
 
Rule 4.22. Pre-Trading Session 
 
(a) Prior to the opening of a trading session for an Exchange Commodity Contract, there will 
be a Pre-Trading Session designated by the Exchange during which time only Limit orders may 
be entered.  
 
(b) Throughout the Pre-Trading Session, an Uncrossing Algorithm will run at regular 
intervals, which may vary by Commodity Contract, and will provide indicative opening prices to 
all Registered Operators logged on at that time. 
  
Amended by the Board June 22, 2017; effective July 13, 2017. 


4-23 
Rule 4.23. Opening Match 
 
(a) The period of time after the termination of the Pre-Trading Session and prior to the Open 
of trading, shall be referred to as the “Opening Match”. During the Opening Match, all Limit 
orders entered and designated as active during the Pre-Trading Session may be matched, as 
appropriate, resulting in executed Trades at the Opening Match price. 
 
(b) The price level and quantity of contracts traded during the Opening Match will be 
determined by an Uncrossing Algorithm determined by the Exchange. No new orders may be 
submitted during the Opening Match.    
 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2017; effective July 13, 2017. 
Rule 4.24. Open and Close of Electronic Trading Session 
 
(a) The Open of an ETS Trading Session will be indicated by the display of the “open” 
indicator on ETS.  
 
(b) The Close of an ETS Trading Session will be indicated by the display of the “closed” 
indicator on ETS. 
 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2017; effective July 13, 2017. 
Rule 4.25. Trading Hours 
 
(a) The ETS trading hours shall be as specified by the Exchange from time to time. All times 
specified in this Rule for Energy Contracts shall refer to the prevailing time in New York City on 
the relevant day and shall be referred to as Eastern Prevailing Time or “EPT”. 
 
(b) The time period during which daily Settlement Prices shall be determined is: 
 
(i) for Cocoa Futures and Options Contracts, 11:48 AM – 11:50 AM; 
 
(ii) for Coffee “C” Futures and Options Contracts, 12:23 PM – 12:25 PM; 
 
(iii) for Cotton No. 2 Futures and Options Contracts, 2:14 PM – 2:15 PM; 
 
(iv) for FCOJ Futures and Options Contracts, 1:29 PM – 1:30 PM; 
 
(v) for Sugar No. 11 Futures and Options Contracts, 12:53 PM – 12:55 PM; 
 
(vi) for Sugar No. 16 Futures Contracts, 12:59 PM – 1:00 PM;  
 
(vii) for Canola Futures Contracts, 2:14 PM - 2:15 PM; 
 
(viii) for Financial Futures and Options Contracts, 2:59 PM – 3:00 PM;  
 
(ix) for Oil Contracts and Energy Futures and Options Contracts involving Power and 
Natural Gas, 2:28 PM-2:30 PM and for Environment products, 3:45-4:00 PM; and 
 


4-24 
(x) for 100oz Gold Futures, 33.2 oz. mini Gold Futures, Options on 100oz Gold Futures 
and Options on 33.2 oz. mini Gold Futures, between 1.29 and 1.30 p.m., and for Gold 
Daily Futures, between 3:00 and 3:05 pm London Time. 
 
(xi) for Silver Daily Futures, 5000 oz Silver Futures, 1000oz Silver Futures, Options on 
5000 oz Silver Futures Options on 1000 oz Silver Futures, 1:24pm – 1:25 pm, and;  
 
(xii) for all MSCI Index Futures Contracts between 3:59 pm and 4pm NY Time; 
 
(xiii) for the NYSE Index Futures Contracts, 3:59 PM and 4:00 PM; and 
 
 
 
(xiv) for Mortgage Index and SOFR Index Futures Contracts, 2:58 PM to 3:00 PM. 
 
 
(c) On the Last Trading Day for each Exchange Futures Contract, the Trading Session 
will end:  
 
    (i) for Sugar No. 16 Futures, at 12:45 PM; 
 
(ii) for Cotton No. 2 Futures at 2:20 PM; 
 
(iii) for Coffee “C” Futures at 12:25 PM; 
 
(iv) for Cocoa Futures at 11:50 AM; 
 
(v) for Sugar No. 11 Futures at 12:55 PM; 
 
(vi) for FCOJ Futures, at noon; 
 
(vii) for Canola Futures, at 2:20 PM; 
(viii) for the USDX Futures and Currency Futures, at 10:16 AM; 
 
(ix) for NYSE Index Futures, at 9:30 AM 
 
(x) for Oil Futures Contracts and Energy Futures Contracts, unless otherwise specified in 
Rules setting forth the terms and conditions for such contract, at the same time as the 
regular Trading Session;  
 
(xi) for Gold Daily Futures Contracts and Silver Daily Futures Contracts, noon London 
time;  
 
(xii) for MSCI Index Daily Futures Contracts 4:15 PM; and 
 
(xiii) for all other Exchange Futures Contracts, unless otherwise specified in Rules setting 
forth the terms and conditions for such contract, at the same time as the regular Trading 
Session.  
 
(d) On the Last Trading Day for each Exchange Options Contracts, the Trading Session 
will end at the following times: 
 
(i) 
for Cocoa Options and Coffee “C” Options at 1:30 PM;  


4-25 
 
(ii) for Sugar No. 11 Options at 1:00 PM; 
 
(iii) for Cotton No. 2 Options at 2:20 PM; 
 
(iv) for USDX Options at 3:00 PM; 
 
(v) for Canola Options at 2:20 PM;    
 
(vi) for Oil Options and Energy Options Contracts, at the times specified for each such 
Option in subchapter E of Chapter 18. 
 
(vii) for all other Exchange Contracts unless otherwise specified in Rules setting forth the 
terms and conditions for such contract, at the same time as the regular Trading Session.   
 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2017; effective July 13, 2017. 
Amended by the Board July 28, 2017; effective September 5, 2017 [¶¶(b)(xiv) and (c)(xiii). 
Amended by the Board September 27, 2017; effective November 8, 2017 [¶¶(b)(ix) and (c)(ix)]. 
Amendments to Paragraphs (b)(xi) and (c)(xi); effective February 19, 2018.  
Amended by the Board June 21, 2018; effective July 30, 2018 [¶¶ (b)(vii) through (b)(xvii), (c)(ii) 
and (c)(iii), (c)(vii) through (c)(xiv) and (d)(i) through (i)(vii)]. 
Amended by the Board December 6, 2018; effective January 7, 2019 [¶¶ (b)(ii) and (c)(iii)]. 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2019; effective April 8, 2019 [¶¶ (c)(xi)]. 
Effective September 23, 2019 [¶¶ (b)(xviii), (c)(xiv) and (c)(xv) with the listing of Bitcoin Futures 
contracts. 
Amended by the Board September 16, 2020; effective October 1, 2020 [¶¶ (b)(xv) through 
(b)(xvii). 
Amended by the Board September 19, 2022; effective October 3, 2022 [¶¶ (b)(xv), (c)(xiii) and 
(d)(vii)]. 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2022; effective December 5, 2022 [¶¶ (b)(xv), (c)(xiii) through 
(c)(xiv)]. 
Amendments to (b)(xiii) and (c)(ix); effective November 3, 2023. 
 
 
Rule 4.26. Order Execution 
 
(a) A Trade is executed in ETS when the following conditions occur: 
 
(i) one order is a bid and the other is an offer; 
 
(ii) the two orders are for the same Exchange Commodity Contract and delivery or 
expiration month and, if an Option order, the same Strike Price and Option type, if available; 
and 
 
(iii) the price of the bid (offer) equals or is greater (less) than the price of the offer (bid). 
 
(b) All orders entered and activated are queued by the time of entry or amendment and 
matched on a first-in-first-out price and time priority basis. 
 
(c) Details of each Trade made on ETS will be recorded by the Exchange, and confirmation 
of the Trade will be displayed on ETS for each Registered Operator who is a party to the Trade. 
 


4-26 
(d) Each Trade executed in the ETS shall be allocated to, and deemed accepted by, the 
Clearing Member which authorized Direct Access or provided Order Routing access for their 
Trade side.  Each such Clearing Member shall be financially liable for their Trade side in 
accordance with Rule 4.10 unless it is subsequently accepted, in accordance with Exchange 
Rules, by another Clearing Member through a post-trade position management interface made 
available by the Exchange or Clearing House.  The re-allocation of a Trade side to another 
Clearing Member through a post-trade position management interface shall be made as soon as 
practicable after the Trade is executed, and the receiving Clearing Member shall become 
financially liable under Rule 4.10 upon affirmatively accepting the Trade in accordance with the 
procedures specified by the Exchange from time to time.  Acceptance by the receiving Clearing 
Member shall take place as soon as practicable, but in no event later than the end of the Trading 
Session in which the Trade was executed.  
 
(e) All mechanical adjustments shall be made through PTMS. Any submission of a 
mechanical adjustment shall include all information required by PTMS to process such 
mechanical adjustment.  
 
(f) Failure of ETS to broadcast any message in respect of a Trade made in ETS, an order or 
any part thereof, shall not invalidate any Trade recorded by the Exchange. 
 
 (g) In the event that ETS or any part of ETS fails, the Exchange’s determination that a Trade 
has or has not been made on ETS shall be conclusive and binding. 
 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2017; effective July 13, 2017. 
Amended by the Board December 15, 2021; effective February 18, 2022 [¶ (d)]. 
 
Rule 4.27. Priority of Execution 
 
Orders received by a Registered Operator shall be entered into ETS in the sequence received. 
Orders that, by their terms, cannot be immediately entered into ETS must be so entered when the 
orders become executable in the sequence in which the orders were received. 
 
Rule 4.28. Interval Price Limits 
 
(i) Definitions: As used in this Rule 4.28, the following terms shall have the meanings 
specified herein: 
(A) Anchor Price: the price of the relevant contract month at the outset of an IPL 
Recalculation Period. 
 
(B) IPL Amount: the maximum number of points, as determined by the Exchange, that a 
contract month is permitted to move above or below the Anchor Price during each IPL 
Recalculation Time for such contract month. The IPL Amount shall be added to and deducted 
from the Anchor Price to create a permitted price range applicable to such contract month for 
the current IPL Recalculation Time 
 
(C) IPL Recalculation Time:  the pre-set period of time, as determined by the Exchange, 
during which the intraday price range established in accordance with this Rule shall remain in 
effect. At the conclusion of each IPL Recalculation Time a new intraday price range shall be 
determined in accordance with this Rule. 
 


4-27 
(D) IPL Hold Period: the additional period of time, as determined by the Exchange, that 
the applicable intraday price range will remain in effect in the event that a trading hold has 
been triggered. 
(ii) Interval price limits, which establish dynamic intraday price ranges outside of which 
trading in a particular contract month of an Exchange Futures Contract may not take place for a 
pre-set period of time, shall be applicable to those Exchange Futures Contracts and contract 
months as determined by the Exchange, in its discretion, from time to time. The Exchange shall 
specify, and may alter in its discretion, the IPL Amount, IPL Recalculation Time, and IPL Hold 
Period for each Exchange Futures Contracts.  
(iii) In the event that a contract month seeks to trade at a price that would be outside the 
permitted price range calculated in accordance with this Rule, a trading hold shall be initiated for 
the applicable IPL Hold Period. Any buy (sell) order which attempts to execute a Trade or rest 
above (below) the permitted price range will trigger a trading hold for the applicable IPL Hold 
Period. 
(iv) During an IPL Hold Period, the affected contract month shall continue to trade, but price 
movement shall be restricted to the price range that was in effect prior to the start of the IPL Hold 
Period. All resting Limit and Stop Orders will remain active in the ETS during an IPL Hold 
Period; no resting Limit or Stop Orders will be cancelled by the ETS.  
   
(A) In the event that a Market or Limit Order triggers an IPL Hold Period, any 
unexecuted balance of such order will be cancelled. If the IPL Hold Period is triggered by a 
Stop-Limit Order or Stop Order with Protection, the unexecuted balance of such order will 
not be cancelled.  
  
(B) In the event an IPL Hold Period is triggered, the ETS will temporarily reset the limit 
price of elected Stop Limit Orders and Stop Orders with Protection while the IPL Hold 
Period exists to the upper or lower end of the intraday price range, depending on the 
direction of the price movement.  The limit price of Stop Orders to buy at prices above the 
price range will be reset to the high end of the range (in the case of an upward move); the 
limit price of Stop Orders to sell at prices below the price range will be reset to the low end 
of the range (in the case of a downward move).  At the end of the IPL Hold Period, the 
limit price of any remaining unfilled order volume will be restored to its original limit 
price.  
 
(C) A new Market Order or new Limit Order to buy at a price above the high end of the 
permitted price range (in the case of an upward move) or to sell at a price below the low 
end of the permitted price range (in the case of a downward move) will be rejected during 
the IPL Hold Period.  If, at the time such Market Order or Limit Order is entered it is 
capable of being executed at a price that is within the permitted price range, it will be 
accepted and executed. 
 
 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2017; effective July 13, 2017. 


4-28 
Rule 4.29. Invalid Trades 
Notwithstanding the Reasonability Limits, where applicable, a Trade made or purported to be 
made on ETS may be declared invalid by the Exchange in the following circumstances: 
 
(a) Unrepresentative Price 
(i) If the Exchange determines that a Trade has taken place at an unrepresentative price, the 
Exchange, at its absolute discretion, may declare such Trade invalid. The Exchange may take 
into account such information as it deems appropriate when determining whether to 
invalidate a Trade, including, without limitation, the following: 
 
(A) price movement in other delivery or expiration months of the same Exchange 
Commodity Contract; 
 
(B) current market conditions, including levels of activity and volatility; 
 
(C) time period between different quotes and between quoted and traded prices; 
(D) market or other information regarding price movement in related Commodity 
Contracts; 
 
(E) manifest error; 
 
(F) proximity of the Trade to the close of the ETS trading session. 
 
(b) Breach of Regulations and/or Rules 
 
(i) If the Exchange determines that a Trade has been made in breach of CFTC Regulations 
or the Rules, the Exchange may declare the Trade invalid. 
 
(c) Cancellation of a Trade 
 
(i) An invalid Trade will be removed from PTMS, may be removed from the trading server 
and may be displayed on ETS as a cancelled Trade. 
 
(d) Notification 
 
(i) When a Trade is declared invalid by the Exchange and is removed from PTMS, the 
parties to the Trade will be notified of that fact and a message will be broadcast on ETS 
announcing the Exchange Commodity Contract, delivery or expiration month and price level 
of the invalid Trade. 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2017; effective July 13, 2017. 
Rule 4.30. Error Trades 
 
In order to ensure fair and orderly market conditions, the Exchange may cancel any order and 
may cancel any Trade executed in ETS pursuant to the Error Trade Policy contained in Appendix 
1 to this Chapter. 
 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2017; effective July 13, 2017. 


4-29 
Rule 4.31. Errors and Omissions in Handling Orders  
 
(a) If a Registered Operator who inadvertently, through error or omission, fails to execute an 
order in ETS at the time it should have been executed, and the order cannot be executed at a price 
which is better than or equal to that which the order should have received, the Registered 
Operator may, upon discovery of such error or omission, execute such order at the best obtainable 
price on the ETS. Such order should be executed in the next available Exchange Trading Session 
for the applicable listed Exchange Commodity Contract, but, in any event, no later than the close 
of the next ETS Trading Session and shall be reported to the Customer at the price at which the 
order was actually executed. 
 
(b) In no case may a Customer receive a price which is worse than that which the Customer 
should have received had the error not occurred. If such price is to the advantage of the Customer, 
the Customer shall receive the benefit thereof, if not, the Customer shall receive such monetary 
adjustment as will afford the Customer the equivalent of the price at which such order should and 
could have been executed.  
 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2017; effective July 13, 2017. 
Rule 4.32. Misuse of ETS 
 
Misuse of ETS is strictly prohibited. It shall be a violation of the Rules for any Person to 
willfully or negligently engage in unauthorized access to ETS, to assist any Person in obtaining 
unauthorized access to ETS, to trade on ETS without the authorization of a Clearing Member, to 
alter the equipment associated with ETS, to interfere with the operation of ETS, to use or 
configure a component of ETS in a manner which does not conform to the Rules, to intercept or 
interfere with information provided on or through ETS, or in any way to use ETS in a manner 
contrary to the Rules. 
 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2017; effective July 13, 2017. 
Rule 4.33. Termination of ETS Connection 
Subject to the limitations and requirements of Rule 21.02(f), the Chief Regulatory Officer or 
his delegate, shall have the right to summarily deny electronic trading access to any Clearing 
Member or Direct Access Member and shall have the right to direct a Clearing Member to 
immediately deny any Person access to ETS. 
 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2017; effective July 13, 2017. 
Amended by the Board March 20, 2020; effective March 23, 2020. 
SETTLEMENT AND CLEARING 
Rule 4.34. Settlement Prices 
(a) Settlement Prices for all Exchange Futures Contracts except as otherwise specified in the 
terms of an Oil Contract described in Chapter 19 of the Rules, shall be determined in the manner 
specified in this Rule. All prices, bids and offers during the applicable closing period as defined 
in Rule 4.25(b) (the “close”) shall be used to determine the Settlement Price of a delivery or 
expiration period unless otherwise specified herein. For purposes of this Rule 4.34, the phrase 


4-30 
“delivery or expiration period” shall refer to the particular contract in the listing cycle of the 
Exchange Futures Contract for which the Settlement Price is being determined.   
(b) Except as specified in paragraph (c) with respect to the Last Trading Day of certain 
Exchange Futures Contracts, the Settlement Price of each delivery or expiration period of an 
Exchange Futures Contract shall be determined as follows: 
  (i) For the delivery or expiration period with the highest open interest (the “Lead Contract”), 
the Settlement Price shall be the weighted average of all prices for outright Trades traded 
during the close. When the average is a fraction, the weighted average shall be rounded to the 
nearest minimum permissible price fluctuation for all products other than the USDX, for 
which the weighted average shall be rounded to the nearest .001 of a USDX index point. For 
purposes of this Rule, weighted average shall mean the average by volume of all transactions 
executed in such delivery or expiration period during the close. 
(ii) The Settlement Price for each delivery or expiration period other than the Lead Contract 
shall be either the weighted average or the prevailing differential depending on the nature of 
the trading volume in such delivery or expiration month during the close. 
(iii) If no Trades have been executed during the close in a delivery or expiration period, the 
Settlement Price for such delivery or expiration period shall be either the average of the bids 
and offers made during the close or the prevailing differential between such delivery or 
expiration period and the nearest active delivery or expiration period during the trading day 
depending on the nature of the bids and offers and spread Trades involving such delivery or 
expiration period.  
(iv) Notwithstanding subparagraphs (b)(i) through (iii) and paragraph (c) of this Rule, if the 
Exchange concludes that the Settlement Price determined in accordance with such provisions 
does not fairly represent the market value of the relevant delivery or expiration period relative 
to the Settlement Price of any other delivery or expiration period, or is inconsistent with 
market information known to the Exchange, it may establish the Settlement Price of such 
delivery or expiration period at a level consistent with such other Settlement Price(s) or 
market information including the settlement prices for similar contracts trading on other 
markets, trading activity in the spot, OTC and swap markets, forward prices, pricing data 
obtained from OTC and swap market participants, and any other pricing data from sources 
deemed reliable by the Exchange. 
(v) If the Exchange concludes that the Settlement Price of any contract is or was erroneous, 
it may correct the Settlement Price in accordance with Exchange procedures at any time prior 
to final settlement.   
(vi) If, for any reason, the relevant index or other value on which final settlement of any 
Futures Contract is based is not published, or the Exchange believes there is an error in the 
calculation of the index or other value, or the Exchange is otherwise unable to issue a final 
Settlement Price on such day as specified in the Rules, then the Exchange may, in its 
discretion, either (A) publish a final Settlement Price on such day using such pricing data as it 
deems reliable, or (B) delay issuing a final Settlement Price and shall publish a final 
Settlement Price as soon as practicable  using such pricing data as it deems reliable.  
 (c) On the Last Trading Day the Settlement Price shall be determined as follows: 
(i) in the expiring Cocoa delivery month, the Settlement Price shall be determined by the 
differential between the value of the expiring delivery month and the value of the next 
delivery month for the last minute of trading.  


4-31 
(ii) in the expiring USDX contract month, the Settlement Price shall be determined as 
specified in Rule 15.06. 
(d) (i) After the final settlement of an Exchange Futures Contract, if the Exchange 
discovers an error in the final Settlement Price published by the Exchange, or if an index 
provider or other third party makes a revision to the relevant index or other value on which 
the final Settlement Price of an Exchange Futures Contract is based, then: 
(A) If such error is discovered or revision is made within thirty (30) calendar days after 
the final settlement, the Exchange may correct the final Settlement Price in accordance with 
Exchange procedures and republish a revised final Settlement Price for the Exchange 
Futures Contract, provided however, that if during such 30-day period the Exchange 
becomes aware that an index provider or other third party which publishes the price on 
which final settlement of an Exchange Futures Contract is based has indicated that such a 
price is under review by it, the Exchange may correct the final Settlement Price and 
republish a revised final Settlement Price for the affected Exchange Futures Contract(s) 
when the index provider or other third party provides public notice of the corrected or 
revised price (even if after such 30-day period);  
(B) If the final Settlement Price of a daily Exchange Futures Contract is used as a data 
point in determining the final Settlement Price of another Exchange Futures Contract 
pursuant to the contract terms and conditions of such other Exchange Futures Contract, the 
Exchange may, in accordance with its settlement price procedures, correct the final 
Settlement Price of the daily contract within thirty (30) calendar days of the final settlement 
date of the related Exchange Futures Contract(s) to conform the final Settlement Price of 
the daily contract to the price used for such contract in the calculation of the final 
Settlement Price of the related Exchange Futures Contract;   
(C) Notwithstanding the above, the Exchange may correct at any time the final 
Settlement Price for an Exchange Futures Contract which had no open interest at final 
settlement; and 
 
  (D) Any Settlement Price that is revised by the Exchange pursuant to this paragraph (d) 
shall be reported to, and applied by, the Clearing Organization in accordance with the 
Clearing Organization Rules.  
 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2017; effective July 13, 2017. 
Amendments to Paragraph (a); effective February19, 2018. 
Amended by the Board June 21, 2018; effective July 30, 2018 [¶ (a)]. 
Amended by the Board November 16, 2018; effective December 4, 2018 [¶¶ (a) through (b)(iv). 
Amended by the Board June 23, 2021; effective May 25, 2022 [¶¶ (b)(iv) through (b)(vi), (c)(ii) 
and (d)(i) through (d)(D)]. 
Rule 4.35. Settlement Premiums 
(a) Promptly after the close of trading in each Exchange Option Contract, the Exchange shall 
establish the Settlement Premium for each Striking Price of each Option Month of each Option 
listed for trading that has open interest. A Settlement Premium may be established for any Strike 
Price that has no open interest. 
 (b) Each such Settlement Premium shall be derived from available market information 
including, but not limited to, following: 


4-32 
(A) the weighted average price of all electronic Trades executed during the closing period 
which shall mean the average by volume of all electronic Trades executed during the closing 
period for all electronics Trades in a single Strike Price rounded to the nearest minimum 
permissible price fluctuation of such contract; 
(B) bids and offers continuously made during the closing period on the ETS; 
(C) the Option's intrinsic value; 
(D) the implied volatility of the (1) corresponding Call or Put of the same Strike Price, (2) 
nearest active prices on the ETS of the particular contract, and (3) electronic Trades in that 
Strike Price executed during the day, including the volume of the electronic Trades, bids and 
offers used to calculate such implied volatility; 
(E) the differential between the implied volatility of a Strike Price and the implied 
volatilities for Strike Prices of nearby contract months;  
(F) the settlement price of the Underlying Futures Contract, and  
(G) any other market information known to the Exchange. 
(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Settlement Premium derived pursuant to the above 
methodology is inconsistent with trades, bids or offers in other Strike Prices during the closing 
period, or other relevant information, or if there is no relevant market activity, the Exchange may 
establish a Settlement Premium that best reflects market valuation at the time of the close. 
 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2017; effective July 13, 2017. 
Amended by the Board June 21, 2018; effective July 30, 2018 [¶(a)]. 
Rule 4.36. Allocation of Trades 
It shall be a violation of the Rules for any Person to allocate Trades among accounts except in 
the sequence in which the orders for such accounts have been received. The sequence of time 
stamping of orders when received by such Person shall be prima facie evidence of the sequence in 
which such orders were received. Trades executed for orders received at the same time shall be 
allocated on an equitable basis among the orders received; provided, however, that all orders 
received on the Trading Floor after the close on one (1) trading day and prior to the opening on 
the next trading day shall be considered as received at the same time. 
 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2017; effective July 13, 2017. 
Rule 4.37. Transfer Transactions Not Required to Be Made Competitively  
 (a) The following transfer Transactions need not be made competitively: 
(i) transfers of open contracts on the books of a Clearing Member or from one (1) Clearing 
Member to another Clearing Member: 
(A) made at the request of a client where no change in beneficial ownership is involved; 
(B) to correct errors made in the clearing of a trade(s) provided that the transfer occurs 
within three Business Days after the date on which the error occurred and  
(ii) transfers of open contracts following the close of trading on the Last Trading Day of a 
particular delivery month, as provided in paragraph (e) of this Rule. 


4-33 
Transfers referred to in subparagraph (a)(i)(A), which offset existing Positions in the spot month, 
may not occur on or after the first (1st) notice day of the delivery month. Concurrent long and 
short positions that are held by the same beneficial owner on or after the first (1st) notice day of 
the delivery month must be offset by transactions executed in the market, by allowable privately 
negotiated transactions, or fulfilled through the normal delivery process, provided however that 
trades may be transferred for offset if the trade date of the position being transferred is the same 
as the transfer date. The receiving Firm has the responsibility to assure compliance with this Rule.  
(b) Transfers of Futures Contracts made pursuant to subparagraphs (a)(i)(A) may be effected 
at (i) the prior day's Settlement Price, (ii) the current day's Settlement Price, or (iii) at the original 
market price. Transfers of Options Contracts made pursuant to subparagraphs (a)(i)(A) may be 
effected at either the original market Premium or a Premium of zero.  For all such transfers, the 
transferee must carry the transferred contracts on his or its books at either the original dates or the 
transfer date, with the exception of Canola Futures Contracts, which must be carried on the 
transferee’s books at the original dates.     
(c) Notwithstanding the requirements of subparagraph (a)(i)(A), the Chief Regulatory Officer 
or his designee may approve a transfer that results in a change of beneficial ownership in the 
following circumstances: 
 (i) transfers made for the purpose of facilitating a restructuring or consolidation of a 
partnership, investment fund or commodity pool so long as the managing partner or pool 
operator remains the same, the transfers do not result in the liquidation of any open Positions, 
and the pro rata allocation of positions in the new account do not result in more than a de 
minimis change in the value of the interest of any participant; and 
(ii) transfers made as a result of, a merger, asset purchase, consolidation or similar non-
recurring corporate transaction between two (2) or more entities. 
For purposes of this Rule, a change in beneficial ownership shall not be deemed to have occurred 
with respect to (A) transfers between Firms which are 100% owned by the same Person and (B) 
transfers between any Person and any entity owned 100% by such Person. 
(d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Rule, the President or his designee may, with 
the consent of the Clearing Member(s), authorize the transfer of existing Positions between 
accounts or between Clearing Members when the circumstances so require and such transfer is 
deemed: (i) to be in the best interests of the marketplace; or (ii) to be the most appropriate means 
to remedy an error that results from the good faith acts or omissions of any party.   
(e)(i) After the close of trading on the Last Trading Day of any delivery month or Contract 
Date a Clearing Member carrying one (1) or more open contracts for that delivery month for its 
own account or the account of any other Person as the result of an error may transfer any or all of 
such contracts to any other account carried by such Clearing Member or to any other Clearing 
Member (together with any delivery documents evidencing an intention to deliver or receive with 
respect to such contracts); provided that such transfers shall be subject to the following time and 
quantity limitations unless otherwise specified in the Clearing Organization Rules and 
procedures: 
Contract                                  
 Time/Day                                       Aggregate  Quantity  
Cocoa 
 
 
 
 4:30 p.m./LTD  
 
 
10 contracts 
Coffee “C”  
 
 
 4:30 p.m./LTD  
 
 
10 contracts 


4-34 
Sugar No. 16 
 
 
 9:00 a.m./LTD+1 
 
 
10 contracts 
Gold Daily  
 
 
10:30 a.m./LTD 
 
 
 
No Limit 
Silver Daily 
 
 
 
10:30 a.m./LTD 
 
 
 
No Limit 
Cotton No. 2 
 
 
 4:30 p.m./LTD  
 
 
20 contracts 
Canola 
 
 
 
10:00 a.m./LTD+1 
 
 
20 contracts 
Financial Contract  
 
11:00 a.m./LTD 
 
 
 
No Limit 
Precious Metals 
 
 
 6:30 p.m./LTD  
 
 
No Limit 
FCOJ  
 
 
 
 4:30 p.m./LTD  
 
 
20 contracts 
Sugar No. 11 
 
 
 9:00 a.m./LTD+1 
 
 
80 contracts 
Physical Environmental 
 
11:00 a.m./LTD +1                
 
No Limit 
(ii) If a Clearing Member transferring purchase contracts pursuant to this paragraph (e) 
shall have received a Multiple Delivery Notice with respect to such contracts and: 
(A) if the transfer is made to one (1) or more of the Deliverers identified in such Multiple 
Delivery Notice, then, after the transfer has been effected, such Multiple Delivery Notice 
shall be deemed amended to reflect the deletion of the contracts so transferred; or 
(B) if the transfer is to any other Person, then all of the rights and obligations of the 
transferor under the Multiple Delivery Notice with respect to the contracts transferred will 
become the rights and obligations of the transferee, and the transferee will immediately 
notify the Deliverer of the transfer, specifying the name and address of the transferee and 
identifying the contracts transferred. 
Amended by the Board July 28, 2017; effective September 5, 2017 [¶¶ (e) and (e)(ii)] 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2017; effective July 13, 2017. 
Amended by the Board June 21, 2018; effective July 30, 2018 [¶¶ (b), (e), (e)(ii)]. 
Effective September 23, 2019 [¶¶ (e) and (e)(ii) with the listing of Bitcoin Futures contracts]. 
Amended by the Board September 9, 2019; effective September 24, 2019 [¶ (e)]. 
Amended by the Board March 20, 2020; effective March 23, 2020 [¶¶ (c)]. 
Amended by the Board September 25, 2020; effective October 1, 2020 [¶¶(e)(ii)]. 
Amended by the Board December 15, 2020; effective February 8, 2021 [¶¶ (e)(i) through (e)(ii)]. 
 


APPENDIX I
ERROR TRADE POLICY
1.
Regulatory Considerations
The Exchange considers appropriate systems and controls to be important in reducing the
likelihood of orders being entered in error, preventing the execution of trades at
unrepresentative prices and reducing the market impact of such trades. Such systems and
controls should be present at both the Exchange level (on the trading system itself and
within the Exchange Regulations) and at the Clearing Member level. These include:
A.
ETS configuration facilities:
i.
price reasonability limits, set by the Exchange, which prevent entry of
orders outside of these limits;
ii.
volume reasonability limits, set by the Exchange, which prevent volumes
above a certain level to be either designated for trading or traded;
iii.
optional pre-confirmation messages which appear before the execution of
all orders; and
iv.
an option to designate the quantity that a user may wish to expose to the
market at one time rather than trading the total quantity that is available to
be traded at a specified price.
B.
The Rules which provide the Exchange with absolute discretion to delete orders,
adjust prices, cancel trades or suspend the market in the interests of maintaining a
fair and orderly market.
C.
Off-Exchange Transactions submitted to the Exchange through ICEBlock for
clearing purposes will not be subject to this Error Trade Policy. Rather, those
trades may be adjusted or cancelled by the submitting broker or by the Exchange
upon mutual agreement of and per the instructions of the two counterparties.
2.
Main Components of Policy
A.
In normal circumstances, the Exchange will only adjust prices or cancel trades on
the basis that the price traded is not representative of market value. Any trade where the
only error is the number of contracts traded and not the price at which they are traded,
will not be subject to cancellation. The Exchange will make the final decision on whether
a trade price is adjusted, or a trade is cancelled or is allowed to stand. In determining
whether a trade has taken place at an unrepresentative price, certain factors will be taken
into account. They may include, but not be limited to:
♦price movement in other delivery months of the same contract;
♦current market conditions, including levels of activity and volatility;
♦time period between different quotes and between quoted and traded prices;


♦information regarding price movement in related contracts, the release of
economic data or other relevant news just before or during electronic trading
hours;
♦manifest error;
♦whether there is any indication that the trade in question triggered stops or
resulted in the execution of spread trades;
♦whether another market user or client relied on the price;
♦any other factor which the Exchange, in its sole discretion, may deem relevant.
Price adjustments are limited to error trades executed in such futures and options
contracts as determined by the Board from time to time.
It should be noted that the Exchange has the unilateral right to adjust a price or cancel
any trade clearly executed in error where there has been no request from a market user, in
the interest of maintaining a fair and orderly market. The Exchange aims to exercise this
right promptly after the trade has been identified. The decision of the Exchange will be
final.
B.
The Exchange, when applicable, may set and vary price Reasonability Limits
within the system for each Contract beyond which the ETS will not accept limit orders.
These limits necessarily are flexible to take account of prevailing market conditions. The
ETS incorporates price Reasonability Limits to prevent ‘fat finger’ type errors that cap
the amount the price may change in one trading sequence from the anchor price. These
limits are set by the Exchange and may be varied without notice according to market
conditions.
Limit orders to sell at prices below the lower Reasonability Limit and limit orders to buy
at prices above the upper Reasonability Limit will not be accepted by the ETS.
Any trade executed at a price outside of the No Cancellation Range, or for calendar
spreads outside of the Calendar Spread Stop-Limit Order Ranges, if identified to the
Exchange within the designated time period, may be considered an alleged error trade.
The Reasonability Limits, No Cancellation Ranges and the Calendar Spread Stop-Limit
Order Ranges applicable to each product traded on the ETS is listed in a table on the
Exchange’s web site.
Any trade which is alleged as an error trade and subsequently is cancelled due to the
determination that it has been executed at an unrepresentative price may be investigated
by the Exchange.
C.
There is a defined No Cancellation Range for each Contract; or a defined
Calendar Spread Stop-Limit Order Range for each calendar spread Contract. Trades
executed within this price range will not, under normal circumstances, be cancelled or
price adjusted. A component of market integrity is the assurance that once executed,
except in exceptional circumstances, a trade will stand and not be subject to cancellation


or price adjustment. Any trades that do not have an adverse effect on the market should
not be able to be cancelled or price adjusted, even if executed in error.
The Exchange determines parameters above or below an Exchange set Anchor Price for
each Contract within which a trade alleged as an error trade may not be cancelled or price
adjusted. Such parameters are known as a ‘No Cancellation Range’.
The No
Cancellation Range applicable to each product traded on the ETS is listed in a table on
the Exchange’s website.
The Anchor Price is set by the Exchange and is based on the front contract month,
provided however, that, when the front month nears expiration, the Anchor Price will be
based on the delivery month with the most open interest. The determination as to when
to shift the Anchor Price based on open interest will be made by the Exchange. The
Anchor Price may be the previous night's settlement price, the opening call price or the
last traded price. The Anchor Price of the second contract month and successive months
onward is achieved by applying spread differentials against the front month Anchor
Price.
If a trade takes place within the No Cancellation Range and is alleged as an error, the
trade will not be cancelled or price adjusted.
D.
When applicable, trades executed outside of the defined No Cancellation Range
may be reported to or considered by the Exchange as an error.
E.
Market users have eight (8) minutes from the time of the original trade in which
to allege a trade as having been executed in error.
F.
The Exchange Market Supervision Official will notify the market immediately via
an ETS broadcast message that an error has been alleged, giving details of the trade
including contract month, price and volume. The Exchange will then notify users by the
broadcast message facility whether the price is adjusted or the trade is cancelled or
stands. The Exchange will then contact those parties involved in the trade to explain the
Exchange’s decision.
G.
In order to assist the Exchange in determining whether the trade alleged as an
error has taken place at an unrepresentative price, the Exchange may contact/consult
Users and other market participants. The Exchange will not disclose to the parties to the
alleged error trade the identity of their counterparty. The identities of the counterparties
to the alleged error trade will not be disclosed to any market user the Exchange may
consult with. The Exchange will take into account a variety of market factors in its
determination, including whether consequential trades have resulted. Each error situation
will be assessed on its individual circumstances. The Exchange will determine whether or
not the price is adjusted or the trade will be cancelled.


H.
If the Exchange determines that a futures or options trade price is to be adjusted,
the adjusted price may be:
(1) outside the terms of the Limit Order for which the trade was executed, and, in
such instances, the adjusted price shall be applied to the Limit Order despite
being outside the order terms; or
(2) below the Stop Price of a buy Stop Order or above the Stop Price of a sell Stop
Order, and, in such instances, the adjusted price shall be applied to the Stop
Order despite the fact that the trade price sequence after any price adjustments
would not have elected the Stop Order.
I.
If the Exchange determines that a trade price is outside the No Cancellation
Range for a futures contract, the trade price may be adjusted to a price that equals the fair
value market price for that contract at the time the trade under review occurred, plus or
minus the No Cancellation Range. The Exchange, at its discretion, may allow the trades
to stand or cancel the trades rather than adjusting the price. The decision of the Exchange
is final.
J.
If the Exchange determines that the premium of an option trade is not
representative of the market value for that option as determined by the Exchange at the
time of execution, then the premium of such option trade may be adjusted to the value of
the option at the time the trade under review occurred, plus or minus the No Cancellation
Range.
The Exchange, at its discretion, may allow the trades to stand or cancel the
premium rather than adjusting the premium, and may consider timely input from the
parties to an alleged error trade in making such a determination.
The decision of the
Exchange is final.
K.
If the Exchange determines that the price differential of a spread is not
representative of the market for that spread at the time of execution, then the differential
of such spread may be adjusted to the price differential for that spread at the time the
trade under review occurred, plus or minus the Calendar Spread Stop-Limit Order Range
for that spread, or the spread/differential No Cancellation Ranges for Energy products.
The Exchange, at its discretion, may allow the trades to stand or cancel the trades rather
than adjusting the price differential.
L.
Where consequential trades based on the price of the alleged error trade are
executed after the Market Supervision official has notified the market of the alleged error
trade, and where the Exchange, after consultation, subsequently determines that the price
of the alleged error trade is adjusted or the alleged error trade is cancelled, these
consequential trades may have their prices adjusted, may be allowed to stand or may be
cancelled at the discretion of the Exchange. The decision of the Exchange will be final.
One of the factors taken into consideration by the Exchange will be whether the alleged
error trade triggered contingent orders or resulted in the execution of spread trades or
whether another market user or client relied on the price to execute consequential trades.


When resolving a situation involving consequential trades, the Exchange will consider
these on a case by case basis, evaluating each situation on its individual circumstances
and merits. When considering its approach, the Exchange will consider those
consequential trades directly related to the error trade and consider reasonably any trades
(specifically spread trades) which have been derived from the error itself and those
executed as a result of it.
In circumstances where trades are executed as a consequence of the alleged error trade
after the Exchange Market Supervision Official has notified the market of the alleged
error trade, should the alleged error trade subsequently have its price adjusted or be
cancelled, these consequential trades may have their prices adjusted, may be allowed to
stand or may be cancelled at the discretion of the Exchange.
The decision of the
Exchange will be final.
M.
The Exchange will make every attempt to ensure that a decision on whether an
alleged error trade will have its price adjusted, will stand or be cancelled will be
communicated to the market as soon as reasonably possible after the time of the original
trade.
N.
The Exchange has the unilateral right to cancel any order, adjust the price of a
trade and cancel any trade which it considers to be at an unrepresentative price where
there has been no referral or request from a market user. The Exchange reserves its right
to consider each alleged error trade situation on its individual merits and may therefore
amend these policies in light of the circumstances of each individual case. The decision
of the Exchange is final.
O.
Cancelled trades and prices that have been adjusted will be cancelled in the
Exchange’s official record of time and sales.
Trades that are priced adjusted will be
inserted in the official record of time and sales at the adjusted trade price.
3.
Exchange Market Supervision Official – Contact with Responsible
Individuals/Users
All requests to cancel orders or Trades must be directed to the Market Supervisor (212
748-3949) via the Responsible Individual responsible for the order(s). Any request for the
removal of orders made to the Market Supervision Official by the Responsible Individual
will be acted upon on a best efforts basis by the Market Supervision Official.
Amended by the Board May 23, 2018; effective June 11, 2018 [¶¶ (1)(A)(i), (2)(B) and (2)(D).


APPENDIX II
EXCHANGE MESSAGING POLICY
Introduction
The level of computer-generated order-flow on the Exchange has progressively increased since
the Exchange’s business became fully electronic. In some circumstances, inefficient and
excessive messaging can slow the performance of the ETS and increase bandwidth and other
operational requirements for Members. In order to address this concern, the Exchange
implemented the Exchange Messaging Policy (“the Policy”).
The Policy is designed to discourage inefficient and excessive messaging without compromising
market liquidity and sets out certain messaging thresholds which it expects Firms with Direct
Access not to exceed. Most trading activity for Firms with Direct Access operates well within the
thresholds set out in this Policy. The Exchange will levy charges on those Firms with Direct
Access whose system usage per Firm as configured on the ETS exceeds certain thresholds.
Scope of Policy
This Policy applies to such Exchange contracts as shall be designated from time-to-time (“the
Designated Contracts”). The initial Designated Contracts are Cocoa, Cotton No. 2®, Coffee
“C”®, Sugar No. 11®, the U.S. Dollar Index® and the Henry Hub futures contracts. The Policy
will apply to those Firms with Direct Access who enter more than the number of messages
specified in the chart below in any Designated Contract market on a particular trading day. For
the purposes of the Policy, each order submission, revision, hold, cancel/replace and/or
consummation constitutes a message.
Designated Contracts
Message Threshold
Cocoa Futures
100,000
Cotton No. 2® Futures
100,000
Coffee “C” ® Futures
100,000
Sugar No. 11® Futures
100,000
U. S. Dollar Index® Futures
150,000
Henry Hub Futures
100,000
Weighted Volume Ratio
The Weighted Volume Ratio (“WVR”) is defined as the total number of messages sent to the ETS
multiplied by a price-based weighting scale divided by the total number of lots traded. The result
is a figure for weighted messages per executed contract.
Each message is weighted as set out below.
Price-based
weighting multiplier
Description
Price difference from best
bid or offer
Outrights
Spreads
None (best bid or offer)
0
0
If the price is the best bid or offer, it will
not be counted
At market bid or offer
0
0
If the price equals the best bid or best offer,
it will not be counted


1 tick off market
0.5
0.25
If the price is within one minimum price
fluctuation (“tick”) of the best bid or best
offer it will count as one half of a message
for an outright market and one quarter of a
message for a spread market
2 ticks off market
1.0
0.5
If the price is within two (2) ticks of the
best bid or best offer it will count as one
(1) message for an outright market and half
(0.5) a message for a spread market
3 to 5 ticks off market
2.0
1.0
If the price is between three (3) and five (5)
ticks from the best bid or best offer it will
count as two (2) messages for an outright
market and one (1) message for a spread
market
More
than
5
ticks
off
market
3.0
2.0
If the price is more than five (5) ticks from
the best bid or best offer it will count as
three (3) messages for an outright market
and two (2) messages for a spread market
WVR Thresholds
Firms with Direct Access who exceed a WVR of 100:1 in a Designated Contract on a particular
trading day will receive an electronic notification.
Firms with Direct Access who exceed a WVR of 100:1 in any Designated Contract or spread
market for seven (7) or more electronic trading days in any calendar month will be subject to a
one thousand dollar ($1,000) surcharge for that calendar month.
Firms with Direct Access who meet or exceed a WVR of 500:1 in any Designated Contract or
spread market on any electronic trading day will be subject to a two thousand dollar ($2,000)
surcharge per day for every day that the WVR of 500:1 has been met or exceeded.
Firms with Direct Access may obtain information regarding their messaging at the ICE website,
www.theice.com.
Firms with Direct Access who are enrolled in any official Exchange Market Maker Program will
be monitored under the guidelines set forth in this Messaging Policy; however, such Market
Makers may be exempted from the surcharges listed below with such exemption to be
determined on a case-by-case basis according to specific circumstances, which include but are not
limited to, the liquidity of the particular market and the volume and number of trades by such
Market Maker in the particular market.
Restriction or suspension of access
In addition to the surcharges, the Exchange retains the right to restrict or suspend access to
Exchange markets listed on the ETS should the Exchange determine that the message usage
associated with any Firm with Direct Access becomes capable of impairing the orderly conduct of
business. Such determination will be made by the Exchange in its absolute discretion and may be
made at any time and, if necessary, any consequent restriction or suspension may be implemented
immediately and without notice.


APPENDIX III 
 
Self-Trade Prevention Functionality Policy 
 
All market participants engaging in proprietary trading are required to implement procedures to 
protect against self-trading that violates the Exchange’s wash trading prohibition set out in Rule 
4.02(c).   
 
The ICE Platform has functionality, called the “Self Trade Prevention Functionality” (“STPF”) 
that can assist participants in preventing violations of wash trading prohibitions. As set out below, 
certain participant categories are required to utilize the STPF.   
 
Description of Functionality 
 
The STPF resides within the ICE trading engine and provides various automated configurations 
to prevent self-trading of orders entered with the same STPF ID.  This may include orders entered 
within the same trading firm, or across trading firms. All STPF ID configurations are required to 
be set up and managed by trading firms through ICE’s proprietary user portal.  
 
Note that the STPF does not apply to derived orders from spreads or other strategies that trade 
across outright orders.  Only outright-to-outright orders and spread to same spread orders will be 
prevented from self-trading. 
 
 
Further information is set out in the FAQ on Self Trade Prevention Functionality. 
 
 
Mandatory Use of STPF  
 
The use of STPF is mandatory for Proprietary Traders with direct market access (“DMA”) who 
utilize algorithmic trading applications.  For the purposes of this Policy, “Proprietary Trader” 
means: an entity (company or individual) that trades for its own account or their company’s 
account, and which does not trade for customer/client accounts.     
 
The Exchange intends that the mandatory use of the STPF may be extended over time to cover 
other Proprietary Traders and/or commercial/merchant entities other than those which trade for 
customer/client accounts. However, the STPF is available and may be utilized by all DMA firms.  
 
Those who are required to utilize the STPF to prohibit self-trading may not opt out or otherwise 
override the use of the STPF.   
 
Other market participants are encouraged to utilize the STPF in a manner that is appropriate to the 
nature of their trading operations and organizational structure.      
 
It is incumbent upon all market participants to be able to demonstrate compliance with the rules 
that prohibit wash trading.  The failure to utilize the STPF will be deemed an aggravating factor if 
such market participant is found to have engaged in wash trading, that would have been prevented 
by the STPF. 
 
Appendix III was amended March 1, 2021. 
 


5-1 
  
ICE Futures U.S.®, Inc. 
 
MARGIN RULES 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Rule 
 
Subject 
 
 
 
5.01 
Scope of Chapter and Definitions 
5.02 
Reserved 
5.03 
Margin 
5.04 
Omnibus Accounts 
5.05 
Change in Margin Requirements 
5.06 
Cross Margining Programs 


5-2 
ICE FUTURES U.S.®, INC. 
 
MARGIN RULES 
Rule 5.01. Scope of Chapter and Definitions 
This chapter governs the Margins and Premiums required for Exchange Futures and Options 
Contracts. The following terms are defined for purposes of this chapter only, and do not apply to 
other Rules. 
Current Margin Call 
A bona fide Margin call which has been outstanding a Reasonable Time as defined in this 
Rule. 
Customer 
An account holder trading in any Commodity Contract, except the holder of a proprietary 
account as defined by CFTC Regulation 1.17(b)(3), or Non-Customer account as defined by 
CFTC Regulation 1.17(b)(4). 
Margin Call 
A request for Margin funds to bring an account up to the Original Margin requirement 
when Margin equity in the account is less than the Maintenance Margin requirement. 
Non-Customer 
An account holder trading in any Commodity Contract which satisfies the definition in 
CFTC Regulation 1.17(b)(4). 
Omnibus Account 
An account held in the name of an FCM or foreign broker that is utilized for placing and 
clearing Trades of one (1) or more undisclosed Persons. 
Reasonable Time 
Less than five (5) Business Days for Customers and less than four (4) Business Days for 
Non-Customer and Omnibus Accounts. Note: Days are counted from and including the day 
the account became undermargined. 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2023; effective June 1, 2023. 
Risk Reducing Trades 
The establishment or closure of a futures or options Position that reduces the risk of 
existing Positions in an account. 
 
Rule 5.02. Reserved 
Rule 5.03. Margin 
(a) Member Firms shall calculate the amount of Original Margin required to be collected 
from each Person for which it carries an account holding Exchange Futures and/or Options 
Contracts using the ICE® Risk Model margining system unless otherwise determined by the 
Board.  Original and Maintenance Margin requirements for any account that is subject to cross 
margining pursuant to the terms of a Cross Margining Program under Clearing Organization Rule 


5-3 
502B shall be calculated in accordance with the terms of such Cross Margining Program and 
collected by the Carrying Firm in accordance with this Chapter 5. 
(b)(i)The minimum amount of Original Margin which must be obtained by a Carrying 
Member from each Person for which it carries an account holding Exchange Futures and/or 
Options Contracts shall be the same as the minimum amounts which must be so obtained by 
Clearing Members, as specified by the applicable Clearing Organization, provided however, that 
in the case of an omnibus account, a Carrying Member that is not a member of the Clearing 
Organization  shall collect such minimum amount of Original Margin from each account within 
the omnibus account. 
(ii) For purpose of margining any account carrying positions in Cotton and FCOJ Futures 
and Options Contracts, the net liquidating value of each account at the close of trading on any 
Business Day on which trading ceases because of the application of price limits may be 
computed by using as the Settlement Price such synthetic price as the Exchange and/or the 
Clearing Organization shall determine. 
(c) Before the opening of trading on each Business Day, each Carrying Member shall 
compute, for each account with an open Position in Exchange Futures and Options Contracts, the 
net liquidating value, the Original Margin and Maintenance Margin Level required (pursuant to 
these Rules or such greater Margin requirement as may be established by the Carrying Member), 
the amount of any unpaid Margin Call and the length of time any such Margin Call has been 
outstanding, all as of the close of trading on the preceding Business Day; provided, however, that 
such computations shall not be required before the opening of trading if prevented by cause 
beyond the control of the Carrying Member, including computer malfunction or similar cause, in 
which case such computations shall be made as soon as possible under the circumstances.  Such 
records shall be kept and shall be open for inspection in accordance with section 1.31 of the 
regulations of the CFTC. 
(d) The margin level which must be maintained (the “Maintenance Level”) by all Carrying 
Members for each account which has an open Position in Exchange Futures and Options 
Contracts shall be the amount or level specified by the applicable Clearing Organization.  
(e) At the close of trading on any Business Day when the net liquidating value of any account 
is less than the Maintenance Level, the Carrying Member carrying such account shall require the 
reinstatement of Original Margin to the full amount required pursuant to the Rules, within a 
Reasonable Time. 
(f) Each Carrying Member which carries an account that is required to reinstate Original 
Margin shall issue a call for Margin within one (1) Business Day after the account is required to 
reinstate Original Margin.  Each Carrying Member shall maintain written records of all Margin 
Calls (and any cancellations of Margin Calls).  Such records shall be kept and shall be open for 
inspection in accordance with section 1.31 of the regulation of the CFTC. 
(g) A Carrying Firm may liquidate any or all Positions in an account that does not meet a 
Margin Call as required by these Rules.  Any loss or deficiency resulting from such liquidation 
shall be the liability of the account holder. 
(h) A Carrying Firm shall not accept orders for new Trades for an undermargined account 
except for Risk Reducing Trades, unless the Carrying Firm has been given assurances by the 
Person for whom the account is carried that funds to restore the equity in the account to the then 
prevailing Original Margin requirement are forthcoming and will be received within a Reasonable 
Time. 
(i) A Carrying Firm shall not permit any withdrawal from an account that would cause the net 
liquidating value of the account to be less than the then prevailing Original Margin requirement. 


5-4 
(j) Margin for Exchange Futures and Options Contracts may be deposited or credited in any 
one (1) or more of the following forms, subject to such terms and conditions as may be 
established by each Member Firm: 
(i) United States currency, checks payable in United States currency; or any currency freely 
convertible to United States currency; if foreign currency is deposited its U.S. Dollar 
equivalent calculated at the current rate of exchange must satisfy the Customer’s Margin 
obligation; the Clearing Member’s record of calculation shall be kept and shall be open for 
inspection in accordance with section 1.31 of the regulation of the CFTC; 
(ii) Securities issued by the United States Treasury Department; valued at an amount not to 
exceed market value less applicable haircuts as required by SEC Regulation 240.15c3-1 and 
acceptable to the Clearing Organization; 
(iii) Available Equity; 
(iv) Net unrealized market appreciation; 
(v) Liquidation of Futures Contracts or closing Transactions for Options carried in the 
account; 
(vi) (A) Electronic warehouse receipts (“EWRs”) for Coffee “C”, Cocoa, Cotton and 
Frozen Concentrated Orange Juice certified for delivery in Exchange licensed warehouses 
and which identify the Carrying Member as the title holder, and (B) vault receipts that are 
eligible for delivery in satisfaction of Exchange Contracts in gold and silver, each such EWR 
and vault receipt to be valued at an amount not to exceed the market value of the 
commodities represented by the EWR or vault receipt, less a deduction in the same amount as 
the inventory haircut specified in CFTC Regulation 1.17(c(5)(ii); 
(vii) Fully paid equity securities not issued by the Clearing Member’s Customer or the 
Customer’s Affiliates which are listed for trading on the New York Stock Exchange, Inc. or 
Nasdaq; Such equity securities should be free from liens and encumbrances, represent no 
more than 5% of the issued and outstanding shares of any one issuer and have a market value 
of at least ten dollars ($10) per share and shall be valued at an amount not to exceed market 
value less applicable haircuts as set forth in SEC Regulation 240.15c3-1; 
(viii) Irrevocable letter of credit in favor of the Clearing Member carrying the account or in 
favor of the Clearing Member carrying the account and an exchange’s clearing house 
(“PLOC”) in such form as may be acceptable to the Exchange and issued by a depository 
which has been approved by the Exchange for issuance and confirmation of letters of credit in 
favor of Clearing Members; Clearing Members may not accept from their Customers letters 
of credit issued by said Customer, an Affiliated Firm of the Customer, or an Affiliated Firm 
of the Clearing Member; 
 (ix) Credit in the Customer’s account arising from a secured loan by the Clearing Member 
as such term is defined under CFTC Regulation 1.17;  
(x) Money market mutual funds allowable under CFTC Regulation 1.25 to be valued at an 
amount not to exceed market value less applicable haircuts as required by SEC Regulation 
240.15c3-1 and acceptable to the Clearing Organization; and 
(xi) “Permitted investments” specified in CFTC Regulation 1.25, as amended from time to 
time, provided however that any such instruments shall be valued at an amount not to exceed 
market value less applicable haircuts as required by SEC Regulation 240.15c3-1. 
 


5-5 
Amended by the Board October 10, 2007; effective October 18, 2007 [¶¶ (b)(i)-(ii), (d) and 
(j)(vi)-(x)]. 
Amended by the Board November 14, 2007; effective March 7, 2008 [¶ (a)]. 
Amended by the Board June 11, 2008; effective June 13, 2008 [¶ (b)(v)]. 
Amended by the Board June 10, 2009; effective June 15, 2009 [¶¶ (j)(ii), (vi), (vii) and (ix) 
through (xi)]. 
Amended by the Board January 5, 2012; effective February 1, 2012 [¶¶ (b)(ii) through (b)(iv)]. 
Amended by the Board June 23, 2011; effective October 15, 2012 [¶ (vi)]. 
Amended by the Board September 28, 2012; effective October 15, 2012 [¶¶ (b)(i) –(b)(iii), (d)]. 
Amended by the Board April 9, 2014, effective June 30, 2014 [¶ ¶ (j)(vi)]. 
Amended by the Board January 27, 2017; effective February 13, 2017 [¶¶ (j)(vii)]. 
Amended by the Board March 21, 2019; effective April 10, 2019 [¶¶ (j)(vi) through (j)(viii)]. 
Rule 5.04. Omnibus Accounts 
Each Member Firm which carries an account for a Futures Commission Merchant or a foreign 
broker on an omnibus basis, shall collect the Original Margin and Maintenance Margin required 
of such account on the basis of the gross Position carried for such account.  If the Member Firm 
carrying an open position for another domestic or foreign broker allows a Position to be margined 
as a spread Position, the carrying Member Firm must obtain and retain for recordkeeping 
purposes a written representation from the entity for which the omnibus account is being 
maintained that each such Position is entitled to be so margined.  The written representation shall 
be kept and shall be open for inspection in accordance with section 1.31 of the regulations of the 
CFTC. 
Rule 5.05. Change in Margin Requirements 
(a) The Board or, where so delegated, the Margin Committee, as the case may be, may at any 
time and from time to time change the amounts of the Original Margin requirements or 
Maintenance Levels and require that any Carrying Member require additional Original Margin for 
any account or establish greater Maintenance Levels for any account, with respect to existing 
Exchange Futures Contract Positions, new Exchange Futures Contract Positions, existing 
Exchange Options, new Exchange Options, or any combination thereof, on any terms and 
conditions as the Board or, where so delegated, the Margin Committee, in its discretion may 
adopt, which terms and conditions may include (but need not be limited to) making any such 
requirement applicable to: 
(i) Exchange Futures Contracts or Exchange Option Positions carried before, on or after 
the effective date of such changed Margin requirements or Maintenance Levels; and/or 
(ii) Exchange Futures Contracts or Exchange Option Positions carried on only one (1) side 
of the market. 
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any such requirement may be made to apply 
differently for different Carrying Members or classes of Carrying Members, different Customers 
or classes of Customers, different forms of Exchange Futures Contracts, different delivery months 
of the same Exchange Futures Contract, different types of Exchange Call Options or Exchange 
Put Options, different Striking Prices or Option Months of the same Exchange Call Options or 
Exchange Put Options, different types of Option Transactions and different types of accounts or 
positions involving Exchange Futures or Options Contracts. 


5-6 
(b) Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph (a) of this Rule, at no time shall Margin 
requirements be less than the minimum Margin required for all Exchange Futures and Options 
Contracts set by the Clearing Organization. 
(c) Nothing in this Chapter 5 shall prevent any Carrying Member Firm at any time from 
requiring Original Margins in excess of the amounts prescribed pursuant to these Margin Rules or 
establishing greater Maintenance Levels for any account, or taking any other action which is not 
contrary to these Margin Rules or the Rules. 
Amended by the Board October 10, 2007; effective October 18, 2007 [¶ (b)]. 
5.06. Cross Margining Programs 
Members of the Exchange shall be eligible to participate in any Cross Margining Programs 
established by the Clearing Organization pursuant to Clearing Organization Rule 502B, provided, 
however, that participation shall be subject to such limitations, terms and conditions as may be 
prescribed by the Carrying Member. 
Adopted by the Board November 14, 2007; effective March 7, 2008. 


6-1 
ICE Futures U.S.®, Inc. 
REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Rule 
Subject  
 
EMERGENCIES 
6.01 
Emergency Action 
6.02 
Physical Emergencies 
6.03 
Settlement Price Determination in Physical Emergencies 
6.04 
Reserved 
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
6.05 
Conflicts of Interest Involving Named Parties in Interest 
6.06 
Conflicts of Interest Involving Emergency and Other Significant Actions 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 
6.06A 
Limitation of Liability 
RECORDS 
6.07 
General Record Requirements 
6.08 
Order Record Requirements 
6.09 
Average Price Systems 
6.10 
Trade Type Indicators 
REPORTABLE POSITIONS AND SPECULATIVE POSITION LIMITS 
6.11 
Emergency Powers Not Limited 
6.12 
Aggregation of Positions 
6.13 
Enforcement of Position Limits and Position Accountability Levels 
6.14 
Exchange Access to Position Information 
6.15 
Reportable Positions and Daily Reports 
6.16 
Reserved 
6.17 
Position Limits and Position Accountability for Cocoa Contracts 
6.18 
Position Limits and Position Accountability for Coffee “C”® Contracts 
6.19 
Position Limits for Cotton No. 2 Contracts 
6.20 
Position Limits, Conditional Limits and Position Accountability for Energy 
Contracts and Oil Contracts 
6.21 
Position Limits for FCOJ Contracts 
6.22  
Position Limits and Position Accountability for Sugar No. 11® Contracts  
6.23 
Position Limits for Domestic Raw Sugar No. 16 Contracts  
6.24 
Position Limits and Position Accountability for Financial Contracts 
6.25 
Position Limits for Index Contracts 
6.26 
Position Limits for Metals Contracts 
6.27 
Position Limits and Accountability Levels for Canola 
6.28 
Position Limits for Gold Daily Futures Contract and Silver Daily Futures 
Contract 
6.29 
Exemptions  
 
MEMBER AND EMPLOYEE REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS 
6.40 
Service on Exchange Board and Certain Committees 
6.41 
Reserved 
6.42 
Reserved 
6.43 
Duties of Members with Respect to Option Transactions 
6.44 
Anti-Money Laundering and Economic Sanctions Compliance 
6.45 
Deliveries in Bankruptcy Situation 
6.46 
Business Gifts, Meals and Entertainment  
6.47 
Exchange Disclosure and Trading Policy 


6-2 
6.48 
Conflict with Government Regulations 
6.49 
Stamp Tax 
6.50 
Disclosure of Information, Trade Data and Personal Data 
6.51 
PRIIPs Restrictions 
 
 
RESOLUTION 
 
No. 1  -  
Position Limit/Accountability Table for Index Contracts 
 
 


6-3 
ICE FUTURES U.S.®, INC. 
 
REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS 
 
EMERGENCIES 
Rule 6.01.  Emergency Action 
(a) Definitions 
As used in this section: 
Definitions. As used in this Rule 6.01 the term "Emergency" means any occurrence or 
circumstance which, in the opinion of the Board, requires immediate action and threatens or may 
threaten such things as the fair and orderly trading in, or the liquidation of or delivery pursuant to, 
any agreements, Commodity Contracts, or Transactions on the Exchange, including any 
manipulative or attempted manipulative activity; any actual, attempted, or threatened corner, 
squeeze, congestion, or undue concentration of Positions; any circumstances which may 
materially affect the performance of agreements, Commodity Contracts or Transactions traded on 
the Exchange, including failure of the payment system or the bankruptcy or insolvency of any 
Member; any geopolitical event or action taken by any governmental body, or any other board of 
trade, market or facility which may have a direct impact on trading on the Exchange and any 
other circumstance which may have a severe, adverse effect upon the functioning of the 
Exchange. 
(b) Governing Body. Emergency Action may be taken by the affirmative vote of not less than 
two-thirds of the members of the Board present and voting at a meeting at which there is 
physically in attendance a quorum. In the event a quorum of the Board is not available, all trading 
on the Exchange may be suspended by action of one (1) member of the Board if only one (1) 
member is present, for such period of time as in the judgment of such member is necessary. Any 
action so taken by one (1) member of the Board shall be subject to review and modification by 
the Board. A member of the Board shall be deemed physically in attendance at a meeting if such 
a Person participates in the meeting in person or remotely by means of electronic communication. 
(c) Emergency Actions. In the event of an Emergency, the Exchange may, subject to Part 40 
of the Regulations under the Act, place into immediate effect a rule which may provide for, or 
may authorize the Exchange, or the Board or any committee, to undertake actions which, in the 
opinion of the Board are necessary or appropriate to meet the Emergency, including, but not 
limited to, such actions as: 
(i) Imposing limits or restrictions on position size, limiting trading to liquidation only, in 
whole or in part, or limiting trading to liquidation only except for new sales or grants of 
Commodity Contracts by parties who have the Commodity underlying such contracts; 
(ii) Extending or shortening the expiration date for trading in Commodity Contracts; 
(iii) Extending the time of delivery under or expiration of Commodity Contracts; 
(iv) Changing delivery points and/or the means of delivery; 
(v) Ordering the liquidation, or transfer of open Commodity Contracts, the fixing of a 
Settlement Price or Settlement Premium, or the reduction in positions; 
(vi) Ordering the transfer of Commodity Contracts, and the money, securities, and 
property securing such contracts, held on behalf of Customers by a Member to another 
Member or other Members, willing to assume such contracts or obligated to do so; 
(vii) Extending, limiting or changing hours of trading; 
(viii) Modifying price limits or circuit breakers; 
(ix) Suspending or curtailing trading; 
 


6-4 
(x) Changing the amount of money to be paid, or the quality of merchandise to be 
received, under Exchange Futures Contracts, whether theretofore or thereafter entered into 
or otherwise altering delivery terms or conditions; 
(xi) Requiring additional Margin to be collected from Customers or Members; and 
(xii) Modifying or suspending any provision of the Rules. 
Whenever any action is taken under this Rule pursuant to which trading is suspended or other 
changes in procedure are made, all matters relating to notices, deliveries and other obligations 
may be suspended or deferred in such manner as the governing body may determine. 
Amended by the Board March 16, 2022; effective April 18, 2022 {¶¶ (a) through (c)]. 
Rule 6.02.  Physical Emergencies 
(a) In the event the physical functions of the Exchange are, or are threatened to be, severely 
and adversely affected by a "Physical Emergency", such as fire or other casualty, bomb threat, 
substantial inclement weather, power failure, communication or transportation breakdown, 
computer malfunction, screen-based trading system break-down, backlog or delay in clearing or 
in the processing of data related to clearing Trades, or other similar events, the President, or in his 
absence any Senior Vice President or in all of their absences any other officer may take any 
action which, in the opinion of such officer is necessary or appropriate to deal with the Physical 
Emergency, including, but not limited to, suspending trading in any one (1) or more Commodity 
Contracts, delaying the opening of trading in any one (1) or more Commodity Contracts, 
extending the Last Trading Day and/or the time of trading, provided, however, that in the event of 
a computer malfunction or screen-based trading system disruption, the Chief Operating Officer of 
ICE, or his delegee, may also take any action which, in the opinion of such person is necessary or 
appropriate to deal with the computer malfunction or screen-based trading system disruption in 
accordance with Exchange procedures relating to such malfunctions and business disruptions. 
 (b) In the event the President or other officer has ordered suspension of trading, the 
President, or in his absence any Senior Vice President, or in all of their absences any other officer 
may order restoration of trading on the Exchange, or may remove other restrictions so imposed, if 
such officer determines that the Physical Emergency has sufficiently abated to permit the physical 
functions of the Exchange to continue in an orderly manner; provided, however, that the Chief 
Operating Officer of ICE, or a delegee of such officer, may discontinue any action taken under 
paragraph (a) of this Rule by such officer or delegee upon determining that the malfunction or 
disruption to which the action was a response has been abated. 
(c) Any action taken hereunder shall be filed with the Commission in accordance with Part 40 
of the Regulations under the Act. 
Amended by the Board May 19, 2011; effective May 23, 2011 [¶ (a)]. 
Amended by the Board June 23, 2016; effective July 25, 2016 [¶ (a)]. 
Amended by the Board March 16, 2022; effective April 18, 2022 [¶¶ (a) and (b)]. 
Rule 6.03.  Settlement Price Determination in Physical Emergencies 
When a Physical Emergency is declared in accordance with Rule 6.02, the following shall 
apply with respect to determining the Settlement Price:  
(a) 
 Daily Settlement Price of Exchange Futures Contracts 
If trading of an Exchange Futures Contract is suspended during the time period when the daily 
Settlement Price is to be determined, the daily Settlement Price will be determined in accordance 
with Rule 4.34(b)(i) through (b)(iv). In the event that the weighted average of traded prices are 
used pursuant to Rule 4.34(b)(i) and (ii), the Exchange shall, unless it announces otherwise, use 
the weighted average of prices from the last one (1), two (2), five (5) or fifteen (15) minute period 
depending on the convention specified in Rule 4.25(b) for the contract, which occurs: (i) 


6-5 
immediately prior to the suspension of trading, if trading does not resume during the trading 
session, and (ii) immediately prior to the end of the session, if trading resumes during the session. 
 
(b) 
 Daily Settlement Price of Exchange Options Contracts  
 
If trading of an Exchange Option Contract is suspended during the period when the daily 
Settlement Price is to be determined, the daily Settlement Price will be determined using the 
Settlement Price of the corresponding Exchange Futures Contract and standard option valuation 
models, unless otherwise announced by the Exchange. 
 
 
 
(c) If a Physical Emergency occurs prior to the end of trading for an expiring Exchange 
Contract on the Last Trading Day. 
 
  (i) with respect to any Exchange Financial, Index, and all cash-settled futures contracts, 
if trading does not resume, the expiration process shall proceed in accordance with the Rules. 
 
(ii) with respect to physically settled Exchange agricultural, environmental, gold and silver 
futures contracts, if trading in the expiring futures contract does not resume with more than 
two (2) hours remaining before the time specified in Rule 4.25: 
 
(A) Settlement Prices for the trading day will be calculated in accordance with 
subparagraph (a) of this Rule, and  
 
(B) trading in the expiring futures contract may be conducted during a special session to 
be held as determined by the Exchange. Settlement Prices for such special trading session 
will be calculated using the last one (1), two (2) or fifteen (15) minutes of trading 
depending on the convention for the expiring futures contract specified in Rule 4.25(b). The 
Settlement Price for such special session will be determined in accordance with the 
procedures set forth in Rule 4.34(b)(i) through (b)(iv). 
 
 (C) If trading is conducted during a special session in accordance with subparagraphs 
(c)(ii)(B) of this Rule, then all dates and times specified in the Rules with respect to the 
delivery of the expiring contract shall be adjusted as determined by the Exchange; and  
  
 (iii) with respect to all Options Contracts, if trading does not resume prior to the normal 
closing time for the Options Contract, the Options Contract will expire in accordance with the 
Rules. 
 
 
Amended by the Board July 9, 2009; effective July 16. 2009 [¶¶ (a) - (d)]. 
 
Amended by the Board July 12, 2012; effective August 3, 2012 [¶¶ (a) through (c)(ii)]. 
 
Amended by the Board September 30, 2015; effective October 29, 2015 [¶¶(a)(i) through (a)(ii) 
and (c)(i) through (c)(ii)(B)(II)]. 
 
Amended by the Board November 19, 2015; effective December 7, 2015 [¶¶ (c)(ii) through 
(c)(ii)(A) and (B)]. 
 
Amended by the Board March 16, 2022; effective April 18, 2022 [¶¶ (a) through (c)]. 
 
Rule 6.04.  Reserved 
 


6-6 
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
Rule 6.05.  Conflicts of Interest Involving Named Parties in Interest 
(a) Definitions. For purposes of this Rule the following definitions shall apply: 
(i) The term "Family Relationship" shall mean the Person's spouse, former spouse, 
parent, stepparent, child, stepchild, sibling, stepbrother, stepsister, grandparent, 
grandchild, uncle, aunt, nephew, niece or in-law. 
(ii) The term "Named Party in Interest" shall mean a Person or entity that is identified 
by name as a subject of any matter being considered by the Board or a committee. 
(b) Prohibition. No member of the Board or of any committee which has authority to take 
action for and in the name of the Exchange (not including any committee which is only 
authorized to make recommendations for action by the Board or some other committee) shall 
knowingly participate in such body's deliberations or voting in any matter involving a Named 
Party in Interest where such member (i) is a Named Party in Interest, (ii) is an employer, 
employee or fellow employee of a Named Party in Interest, (iii) is associated with a Named Party 
in Interest through a Broker Association, (iv) has a family relationship with a Named Party in 
Interest or (v) has any other significant, ongoing business relationship with a Named Party in 
Interest, excluding relationships limited to executing futures or option transactions opposite each 
other or to clearing futures or options transactions through the same Clearing Member. For 
purposes of clause (v) of the preceding sentence, a member of the Board or any such committee 
shall not automatically be deemed to have a ‘significant, ongoing business relationship’ with a 
Licensee or applicant for license as a Warehouse Operator solely because the member or any 
Affiliated Firm of the member stores a commodity in facilities maintained by such Licensee or 
applicant. 
(c) Disclosure. Prior to consideration of any matter involving a Named Party in Interest, each 
member of the deliberating body shall disclose to the President, or his designee, whether such 
member has one (1) of the relationships listed in paragraph (b) of this Rule with a Named Party in 
Interest. 
(d) Procedure and Determination. Exchange staff shall determine whether any member of the 
deliberating body is subject to a conflict restriction under this paragraph (d). Such determination 
shall be based upon a review of the following information: 
(i) information provided by the member pursuant to paragraph (b), above, and 
(ii) any other source of information that is maintained by and reasonably available to the 
Exchange. 
Amended by the Board September 20, 2012; effective October 22, 2012 [¶ (b)]. 
Rule 6.06.  Conflicts of Interest Involving Emergency and Other Significant Actions 
(a) Definitions. For purposes of this Rule, the following definitions shall apply; 
(i) The term "Emergency" shall have the meaning set forth in Rule 6.01. 
(b) Whenever any Emergency or other significant action which, in the judgment of the 
deliberating body, is likely to have a material effect upon the price of any Commodity Contracts 
traded on or subject to the Rules or might otherwise have a material impact on the market for 
such Commodity Contracts is being considered by the Board or any committee which has 
authority to take action for and in the name of the Exchange (not including any committee which 
is only authorized to make recommendations for action by the Board or some other committee), 
the following procedures shall apply: 
(i) Disclosure. Prior to consideration of the matter, each member of the Board or 
committee who desires to participate in deliberations or voting on such action shall 


6-7 
disclose to the Board or committee position information that is known to such member, 
with respect to any particular month or months that are under consideration, and any other 
positions which the Board or committee reasonably expects could be affected by the 
action under consideration. The size of positions shall be disclosed by reference to ranges 
as determined by the Board or committee and shall be made with respect to the following 
categories: 
(A) gross positions in Commodity Contracts carried in (1) accounts in which the 
member's ownership interest is 10% or greater, (2) "controlled accounts" as defined in 
CFTC Regulation 1.3(j) and (3) accounts of any individual with whom the member has 
a "Family Relationship" as such term is defined in Rule 6.05; 
(B) gross positions in Commodity Contracts carried in proprietary accounts, as 
defined in CFTC Regulation 1.3(y), at any Affiliated Firm of such member; 
(C) net positions in Commodity Contracts in "Customer" accounts, as defined in 
CFTC Regulation 1.17(b)(2), at any Affiliated Firm of such member; and 
(D) any other types of positions, whether maintained in Commodity Contracts or 
otherwise, that the Board or committee reasonably expects could be affected by the 
action being considered. 
To the extent that a member desires to make the required disclosures but does not know 
position information with respect to any of the foregoing categories, the President or his 
designee shall make the disclosure for such member to the extent that such information can 
be obtained from data and clearing records readily available to the Exchange under the 
exigency of the action being contemplated. 
(ii) Disqualification. Any member who does not want to make position disclosures must 
withdraw from the meeting before disclosure by other members begins and may not 
participate in the discussion of, or voting on, the matter under consideration. Any member 
who has, or whose Affiliated Firm has, a position required to be disclosed under paragraph 
(b)(i) (other than a position which the Board or committee has determined to be de 
minimus), shall be disqualified from voting and must withdraw from the room before a 
vote is taken. If such withdrawal results in the lack of a quorum, the Board or committee 
shall appoint an ad hoc committee comprised of those members who are not disqualified 
from voting and shall delegate to such ad hoc committee all the powers of the Board or 
relevant committee with respect to the matter under consideration. No member shall be 
disqualified from voting upon the appointment of an ad hoc committee solely because of 
positions held by such member or an Affiliated Firm of such member. 
(iii) Documentation. The minutes of any meeting at which Emergency or other 
significant action is considered shall reflect the following information: 
(A) the names of all members who attended the meeting in person or by electronic 
means; 
(B) the name of any member who voluntarily recused himself or was required to 
abstain from deliberations or voting; and 
(C) information on the position disclosures made by each member. 
(iv) For purposes of this Rule, a Margin change shall not be deemed to have a material 
effect upon the price of a Commodity Contract traded on the Exchange or a material 
impact on the market, if such Margin change was made in response to a change in the 
price of any delivery month of such Commodity Contract which is equal to or less than 
15% of the Settlement Price of such delivery month on the previous Business Day. 
 
 


6-8 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 
 
Rule 6.06A.  Limitation of Liability 
 
(a) NONE OF THE EXCHANGE, THE CLEARING ORGANIZATION, ICE, THEIR 
RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, SHAREHOLDERS, AFFILIATES, 
AGENTS OR LICENSORS, OR ANY MEMBER OF  ANY COMMITTEE OF THE 
EXCHANGE, THE CLEARING ORGANIZATION OR ANY SUCH AFFILIATE (THE 
“DISCLAIMING PARTIES”) SHALL BE LIABLE  TO ANY PERSON OR ENTITY, 
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO A CUSTOMER OF ANY MEMBER OF THE 
EXCHANGE OR THE CLEARING ORGANIZATION, FOR ANY LOSSES, DAMAGES, 
COSTS OR EXPENSES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF PROFITS, 
GOODWILL, LOSS OF USE, DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR 
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, EVEN IF THEY WERE FORESEEN, FORESEEABLE, 
KNOWN OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY ERROR, 
ACT OR OMISSION ON THE PART OF A DISCLAIMING PARTY, OR ON THE PART OF 
ANY PERSON IN THE CAPACITY OF A DIRECTOR, COMMITTEE MEMBER, OFFICER, 
AGENT, EMPLOYEE OR SHAREHOLDER OF A DISCLAIMING PARTY, WHETHER OR 
NOT SUCH LOSSES, DAMAGES, COSTS OR EXPENSES ARE DUE TO NEGLIGENCE, 
UNLESS SUCH ERROR, ACT OR OMISSION WAS THE RESULT OF  WILLFUL OR 
WANTON CONDUCT OR WAS IN BAD FAITH. 
(b) WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF PARAGRAPH (a) HEREOF, EXCEPT 
IN INSTANCES WHERE THERE HAS BEEN A FINDING OF WILLFUL OR WANTON 
MISCONDUCT OR BAD FAITH, IN WHICH CASE THE PARTY FOUND TO HAVE 
ENGAGED IN SUCH CONDUCT CANNOT AVAIL ITSELF OF THE PROTECTIONS IN 
THIS PARAGRAPH (b), NONE OF THE DISCLAIMING PARTIES SHALL BE LIABLE TO 
ANY PERSON, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO A CUSTOMER OF ANY MEMBER 
OF THE EXCHANGE OR THE CLEARING ORGANIZATION, FOR ANY LOSSES, 
DAMAGES, COSTS OR EXPENSES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF 
PROFITS, LOSS OF USE, DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL 
DAMAGES, EVEN IF THEY WERE FORESEEN, FORESEEABLE, KNOWN OR 
OTHERWISE), ARISING FROM: 
(i) ANY FAULTS, FAILURES, OR MALFUNCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE 
PLATFORM OR PLATFORM SOFTWARE OR OTHER SYSTEM OFFERED OR 
UTILIZED BY A DISCLAIMING PARTY OR ANY SERVICES OR FACILITIES OF A 
DISCLAIMING PARTY USED TO SUPPORT ANY SUCH SYSTEM(S), HOWEVER, 
THOSE FAULTS, FAILURES, OR MALFUNCTIONS MAY ARISE; 
(ii) THE SUSPENSION, TERMINATION OR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE THE 
PLATFORM OR PLATFORM SOFTWARE OR OTHER SYSTEM OFFERED OR 
UTILIZED BY A DISCLAIMING PARTY OR ANY INACCURACIES OR OMISSIONS 
IN 
ANY 
INFORMATION 
PROVIDED, 
HOWEVER 
SUCH 
SUSPENSION, 
TERMINATION, INABILITY TO ACCESS, INACCURACY OR OMISSION MAY 
ARISE; 
(iii) ANY FAILURE OR DELAY SUFFERED BY THE USER OR ANY OTHER 
PERSON THAT RECEIVES DIRECT ACCESS TO THE PLATFORM OR OTHER 
SYSTEM OFFERED OR UTILIZED BY A DISCLAIMING PARTY; 
(iv) ANY OTHER CAUSE IN CONNECTION WITH THE FURNISHING, 
PERFORMANCE, MAINTENANCE OR USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE ALL OR ANY 
PART OF THE PLATFORM OR PLATFORM SOFTWARE OR OTHER SYSTEM 
OFFERED OR UTILIZED BY A DISCLAIMING PARTY OR ANY SERVICES OR 
FACILITIES OF A DISCLAIMING PARTY USED TO SUPPORT ANY SUCH 
SYSTEM(S); 


6-9 
 (v) ANY LOSSES RESULTING FROM UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, ALTERATION 
OR ANY OTHER MISUSE OF THE PLATFORM SOFTWARE OR THE PLATFORM OR 
OTHER SYSTEM OFFERED OR UTILIZED BY A DISCLAIMING PARTY; OR 
(vi) ANY OTHER INJURIOUS ACT, DEFAULT OR OMISSION. 
THE FOREGOING PROVISIONS OF THIS RULE SHALL APPLY REGARDLESS OF 
WHETHER A CLAIM ARISES IN CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY 
OR OTHERWISE.  
 (c) THE ELECTRONIC TRADING PLATFORM, THE PLATFORM SOFTWARE, OTHER 
SYSTEMS OFFERED OR UTILIZED BY A DISCLAIMING PARTY, RELATED 
DOCUMENTATION, ACCESS TO ANY INTERFACE AND ANY SERVICES OR 
FACILITIES OF A DISCLAIMING PARTY USED TO SUPPORT ANY SUCH ELECTRONIC 
TRADING PLATFORM, PLATFORM SOFTWARE, OTHER SYSTEM OFFERED OR 
UTILIZED BY A DISCLAIMING PARTY, RELATED DOCUMENTATION, AND ACCESS 
TO ANY INTERFACE ARE PROVIDED “AS IS”. EXCEPT AS SPECIFICALLY PROVIDED 
IN THIS RULE, THE DISCLAIMING PARTIES MAKE NO, AND HEREBY DISCLAIM 
ALL, WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS, UNDERTAKINGS, TERMS OR REPRESENTATIONS, 
EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED BY STATUTE, COMMON LAW OR OTHERWISE, IN 
RELATION TO THE ELECTRONIC TRADING PLATFORM, PLATFORM SOFTWARE, 
OTHER SYSTEMS OFFERED OR UTILIZED BY A DISCLAIMING PARTY RELATED 
DOCUMENTATION, AND ACCESS TO ANY INTERFACE AND ANY SERVICES OR 
FACILITIES OF A DISCLAIMING PARTY USED TO SUPPORT THE SAME.  THE 
DISCLAIMING PARTIES SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED 
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR 
USE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT (EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED IN ANY 
AGREEMENT TO WHICH SUCH DISCLAIMING PARTY IS A PARTY). THE 
DISCLAIMING PARTIES FURTHER DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR 
IMPLIED, RELATING TO ANY THIRD PARTY MATERIALS (EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE 
PROVIDED IN ANY AGREEMENT TO WHICH SUCH DISCLAIMING PARTY IS A 
PARTY). NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY THE 
EXCHANGE OR ANY DISCLAIMING PARTY SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY AND NO 
USER OR OTHER PERSON MAY RELY UPON SUCH INFORMATION OR ADVICE 
EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT SPECIFIED IN THE RULES. 
(d) ANY ACTIONS, SUITS OR PROCEEDINGS AGAINST ANY DISCLAIMING 
PARTY MUST BE BROUGHT WITHIN TWO (2) YEARS FROM THE TIME THAT A 
CAUSE OF ACTION HAS ACCRUED. ANY SUCH ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING 
SHALL BE BROUGHT IN THE STATE OR FEDERAL COURTS LOCATED WITHIN NEW 
YORK COUNTY IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK AND EACH PARTY EXPRESSLY 
CONSENTS TO THE JURISDICTION OF ANY SUCH COURT AND WAIVES ANY 
OBJECTION TO VENUE THEREIN.  IN ANY ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING AGAINST 
THE EXCHANGE, OR ANY AFFILIATE OF THE EXCHANGE, OR THEIR RESPECTIVE 
OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS OR ANY MEMBER 
OF ANY COMMITTEE OF THE EXCHANGE OR ANY SUCH AFFILIATE, EACH PARTY 
WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MIGHT HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY. 
(e) THE MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF THE DISCLAIMING PARTIES TO 
ANY PERSON OR ENTITY FOR ANY CLAIMS MADE BY SUCH PERSON OR ENTITY IN 
A CALENDAR YEAR SHALL BE TEN THOUSAND DOLLARS ($10,000). 
(f) NOTWITHSTANDING ANY OF THE FOREGOING PROVISIONS, THIS RULE 
SHALL IN NO WAY LIMIT THE APPLICABILITY OF ANY PROVISION OF THE ACT. 
Adopted by the Board November 12, 2008; effective November 17, 2008. 
Amended by the Board September 30, 2015; effective October 27, 2015. 


6-10 
 
RECORDS 
Rule 6.07.  General Record Requirements   
(a) Each Person shall in accordance with the rules and regulations of, and in such manner and 
form and at such times as may be prescribed by, the CFTC:   
 
(i) maintain all documents on which Trade information is originally recorded;  
(ii) keep full, complete, and systematic records (including all pertinent data and 
memoranda) of all transactions relating to its business of dealing in commodity interests 
and related cash or forward transactions, which shall include all orders (filled, unfilled, or 
canceled), signature cards, street books, journals, ledgers, wire transfer records, canceled 
checks, copies of confirmations, copies of statements of purchase and sale, and all other 
records, which have been prepared in the course of its business of dealing in Commodity 
Contracts and related cash or forward transactions; and  
(iii) keep oral and written communications provided or received concerning quotes, 
solicitations, bids, offers, instructions, trading, and prices that lead to the execution of a 
transaction in a Commodity Contract and any related cash or forward transactions (but 
not oral communications that lead solely to the execution of a related cash or forward 
transaction), whether transmitted by telephone, voicemail, facsimile, instant messaging, 
chat rooms, electronic mail, mobile device, or other digital or electronic media. 
 
 
 (b) Recordings of oral communications required shall be kept for a period of one-year.  All 
other records shall be kept for a minimum period of five (5) years.   
Amended by the Board September 20, 2012; effective October 17, 2012 [¶¶ (a) and (c)]. 
Amended by the Board September 25, 2013; effective December 21, 2013 [¶¶ (a) through (e)]. 
Amended by the Board March 24, 2016; effective April 12, 2016 [¶¶ (a) through (b)]. 
Rule 6.08. Order Record Requirements 
(a)(i) Each Person receiving an order from a customer shall, upon receipt, be responsible for 
the contemporaneous generation of a record of such order and its terms in a form acceptable to 
the Exchange which contains the information specified in this Rule (hereinafter referred to as 
an “Order Record”). The following are acceptable forms of Order Records: 
 
(A) a written order ticket in non-erasable ink; or 
 (B) email(s), instant message(s) and/or other electronic record(s) or communication(s). 
For the avoidance of doubt, an electronic recording of an oral communication with only a 
corresponding call log is not an acceptable form of Order Record.) Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, a Person receiving an order shall not be required to generate an Order Record if, 
upon receipt, the order is immediately entered into the Exchange’s Electronic Trading System 
(ETS), provided that a suspense account is not utilized for such order. 
(ii) The information contained in each Order Record must be accurately recorded, 
identifiable, and unalterable. Each Order Record must include, at a minimum, the terms of the 
order (such as side of market, expiration, price, quantity, etc.), the account identification (if 
applicable), and have recorded thereon, by electronic or automated time-stamp, the date and 
time, to the nearest minute, the order was placed, received and executed.  
(iii) Any corrections, additions, or changes to the terms of the order or other information 
originally communicated and recorded in an Order Record or entered into the ETS must be 


6-11 
separately and contemporaneously memorialized in the existing Order Record or a new Order 
Record and must reflect an electronic or automated timestamp, to the nearest minute, of the 
time at which such correction, addition, or change occurred, and must be made in a manner 
that does not obliterate or otherwise make illegible any of the originally recorded information.  
(iv) If any record produced to the Exchange is found to have been intentionally altered or 
modified, in any respect, from its original form in bad faith, or is otherwise incomplete, it shall 
constitute a violation of Exchange rules.  
(v) Notwithstanding the provisions in paragraph (a)(i-iii) of this Rule, a customer account 
designation is not required to be recorded on the Order Record at the time the order is 
received, if the order is to be allocated after its execution and s complies with the requirements 
of paragraph (b) of this Rule. 
(b) Orders Eligible for Post-Execution Allocation. 
(i) An order that is eligible for post-execution allocation must be an order that is placed by 
an Eligible Account Manager for accounts that are owned by Eligible Customers as defined 
by CFTC Regulation 1.35(a-1)(5)(i). 
(ii) An “Eligible Account Manager” is one (1) of the following Persons who has been 
granted investment discretion with regard to the account of Eligible Customers: 
(A) A commodity trading advisor registered with the CFTC pursuant to the Act or 
excluded or exempt from registration under the Act or CFTC regulations, except for entities 
exempt under section 4.14(a)(3) or section 4.14(a)(6) of the CFTC’s regulations; 
(B) An investment advisor registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 or with a state pursuant to applicable state 
law or excluded or exempt from registration under such Act or applicable state law; 
(C) A bank, insurance company, trust company or savings and loan association subject to 
federal or state regulation; or 
(D) A foreign adviser that exercises discretionary trading authority solely over accounts 
of non-U.S. persons as defined in section 4.7(a)(1)(iv) of the CFTC’s regulations. 
(iii) Orders eligible for post-execution allocation must be allocated by the Eligible Account 
Manager in accordance with and subject to the following requirements: 
(A) Allocations must be made only to the accounts of Eligible Customers; 
(B) Allocations must be made as soon as practicable after the entire Transaction is 
executed, but in any event Eligible Account Managers must provide allocation information 
to Futures Commission Merchants no later than a time sufficiently before the end of the day 
the order is executed to ensure that clearing records identify the ultimate Customer for each 
Trade; 
(C) Allocations must be fair and equitable, and no account or group of accounts may 
receive consistently favorable or unfavorable treatment; and 
(D) The allocation methodology must be sufficiently objective and specific to permit 
independent verification of the fairness of the allocations using that methodology by 
appropriate regulatory and self-regulatory authorities and by outside auditors. 
(iv) Eligible Account Managers shall make the following information available to 
Customers upon request: 


6-12 
(A) The general nature of the allocation methodology the Eligible Account Manager will 
use; 
(B) Whether accounts in which the Eligible Account Manager may have any interest may 
be included with Customer accounts in bunched orders eligible for post-execution 
allocation; and 
(C) Summary or composite data sufficient for that Customer to compare its results with 
those of other comparable Customers and, if applicable, any account in which the Eligible 
Account Manager has an interest. 
(v) The following record keeping requirements apply to the post-execution allocation of 
orders: 
(A) Eligible Account Managers shall keep and must make available upon request by the 
CFTC, Department of Justice, the Exchange’s Compliance Department or other appropriate 
self-regulatory organization the information specified in subparagraph (b)(iv) of this Rule. 
(B) Eligible Account Managers shall keep and make available upon request by the CFTC, 
Department of Justice, the Exchange’s Compliance Department or other appropriate self-
regulatory organization records sufficient to demonstrate that all allocations meet the 
standards of subparagraph (c) of this Rule and to permit the reconstruction of the handling 
of the order from the time of placement by the Eligible Account Manager to the allocation 
to individual accounts. 
(C) Futures Commission Merchants that execute orders or that carry accounts eligible for 
post-execution allocation, and Members that execute such orders must maintain records 
that, as applicable, identify each order subject to post-execution allocation and the accounts 
to which contracts executed for such order are allocated. 
(vi) In addition to any other penalties available in accordance with the Exchange’s 
Disciplinary Rules, the Exchange may prohibit the Eligible Account Manager from 
submitting orders for execution except for liquidation of open Positions and may prohibit its 
Members from accepting orders for execution from the Eligible Account Manager except for 
liquidation of open Positions, upon receipt by the Exchange of a letter, order or directive from 
the CFTC directing the Exchange to take such action. 
Amended by the Board September 20, 2012; effective October 17, 2012 [¶ (b)(i)]. 
Amended by the Board June 21, 2023; effective July 21, 2023 [¶¶ (a) through (b)]. 
Rule 6.09.  Average Price Systems 
A Futures Commission Merchant ("FCM") may calculate and confirm to its Customers 
average prices for an order or series of orders executed at multiple prices, provided that all 
requirements promulgated by the CFTC from time to time with respect to such practice are met, 
including, but not limited to, the following: 
(a) the order or series of orders is for the same account or group of accounts and 
(i) for the same commodity and delivery month for futures; or 
(ii) for the same commodity, delivery month, Put or Call and Strike Price for Options; 
(b) the Customer has requested average price reporting; 
(c) each individual Trade is submitted to and cleared by the Clearing Organization at the 
executed price; 


6-13 
(d) the average price is calculated as the weighted mathematical average price in accordance 
with CFTC regulations and advisories; 
(e) records are kept and maintained by the FCM to support the calculations and allocations to 
the Customer accounts and such records are available for inspection by affected Customers on 
request; 
(f) each Trade to which an average price is assigned is identified on each Customer 
confirmation statement and each Customer monthly statement; and 
(g) the FCM's proprietary trades are not averaged with Customer Trades that are subject to 
average price calculations. 
Rule 6.10.  Trade Type Indicators 
(a) A Type 1 or CTI 1 Trade is a Trade executed by a Floor Broker for his own account, an 
account which he controls or an account in which he has a financial interest. It is the only type of 
Trade that does not require a floor order ticket. 
(b) A Type 2 or CTI 2 Trade is a Trade executed for the house or proprietary account of a 
Clearing Member or other Member Firm. 
(c) A Type 3 or CTI 3 Trade is a Trade executed for the account of another Member who is an 
individual, an account such individual Member controls or an account in which such individual 
Member has an ownership or financial interest.  
(d) A Type 4 or CTI 4 Trade is a Trade executed for any other account that does not meet the 
requirements of a CTI 1, 2 or 3 Trade. 
 
REPORTABLE POSITIONS AND SPECULATIVE POSITION LIMITS 
Rule 6.11.  Emergency Powers Not Limited 
Nothing contained in the Rules relating to position limits and position accountability levels 
shall in any way be construed to limit the Emergency powers enumerated in the Rules, and, 
unless the Board in taking an Emergency action shall state otherwise, any such Emergency action 
shall be effective with respect to all Persons, regardless of whether an exemption from the 
position limits has previously been granted pursuant to these Rules. 
Amended by the Board June 11, 2008; effective July 28, 2008. 
Amended by the Board May 21, 2014; effective June 30, 2014. 
Rule 6.12.  Aggregation of Positions 
(a) The position limits and position accountability levels established by these Rules shall 
apply to all positions held by any Person, including those positions in accounts for which such 
Person by power of attorney or otherwise directly or indirectly holds positions or controls trading; 
and in the case of positions held by two (2) or more Persons acting pursuant to an expressed or 
implied agreement or understanding, the same as if all of the positions were held by or the trading 
of the positions were done by, a single Person. 
(b) An ‘eligible entity’, as defined in CFTC Regulation 150.1(d) need not aggregate its 
positions with the eligible entity’s client positions or accounts carried by an authorized 
‘independent account controller’, as defined in Regulation 150.1(e), provided that the positions 
are not held in the spot month during such time as a notice period or spot month position limit is 
in effect. If an independent account controller is affiliated with an eligible entity or another 
independent account controller, each of the affiliated entities must comply with the requirements 
specified in CFTC Regulation 150.4(a)(4)(i)(A-D).  
 


6-14 
(c) The Exchange may exclude any Person from the aggregation requirements of paragraph 
(a) of this Rule upon receipt of a written request in the form specified by the Exchange, which 
details the circumstances of the request, in the following instances: 
   
(i) With respect to the positions or accounts of a separately organized entity (an “ owned 
entity”): if the sharing of information associated with such aggregation creates a 
reasonable risk that such sharing would cause any Person to violate state or federal 
law or the law of a foreign jurisdiction, or regulations adopted thereunder, provided 
that a written officer’s certification to that effect accompanies the request, and  
provided further that such Person does not have actual knowledge of information 
associated with such aggregation. 
 
(ii) With respect to the positions or accounts of an owned entity in which a Person holds 
an ownership or equity interest equal to or greater than 10% ( except for positions 
which are subject to Federal position limits):  if the individuals controlling the trading 
decisions of the relevant accounts do not have knowledge of the trading decisions 
made by each other, the accounts trade pursuant to separately developed and 
independent trading strategies, there are written procedures designed to preclude 
access to information regarding the trades, positions and strategies of each account, 
and there is no sharing of personnel controlling the respective trading decisions.  
 
Amended by the Board June 11, 2008; effective July 28. 2008 [¶¶ (a)-(b)]. 
Amended by the Board June 11, 2008; effective February 13, 2009 [¶ (c)]. 
Amended by the Board September 20, 2012; effective October 12, 2012 [¶ (a)]. 
Amended by the Board February 28, 2013; effective March 18, 2013 [¶ (b)]. 
Amended by the Board March 3, 2016; effective March 18, 2016 [¶¶ (c)(i) and (c)(ii)]. 
Rule 6.13.  Enforcement of Position Limits and Position Accountability Levels 
(a) No Person may for itself or any Customer maintain a combination of Futures Contracts 
and Futures Equivalent Contracts which is, or which when aggregated in accordance with Rule 
6.12 is, in excess of the limits established by this Chapter. For the purpose of the Rules contained 
in this Chapter:  
(i) the futures equivalent of each Option Contract is the delta ratio published daily by the 
Exchange; 
(ii) a long Futures Contract, a long Call Option and a short Put Option are on the same side 
of the market; similarly, a short Futures Contract, a short Call Option and a long Put Option 
are on the same side of the market; 
(iii) in calculating a Futures Equivalent Contract position, all serial and regular Options for 
the Underlying Futures Contract shall be combined. 
(iv) if a Person exceeds its position limit on any given Business Day due to changes in the 
deltas of the Options, or as the result of an Option assignment, the Person holding or 
controlling such position shall have one (1) Business Day to bring the position within the 
limit; 
(v) in accordance with CFTC Regulation 150.1, paragraph (a)(iv) of this Rule shall not 
apply to contracts subject to federal limits under CFTC Regulation 150.2 on the last 
trading day for the corresponding futures contract. 


6-15 
(vi) All Persons are responsible for maintaining their position and their Customers’ 
positions within the limits contained in this Chapter on both an intraday and end-of-day 
basis. 
(b) In the event the Exchange learns that any Person maintains positions in accounts with 
more than one (1) Clearing Member such that the aggregate position in all such accounts exceeds 
the position limits or position accountability levels established by this Chapter, the Exchange may 
notify all Clearing Members maintaining or carrying such accounts of the total positions of such 
accounts. Such notice may also instruct each such Clearing Member to reduce the positions in 
such accounts twenty-four (24) hours after receipt of the notice, proportionately or otherwise so 
that the aggregate positions of such accounts at all such Clearing Members does not exceed the 
position limits and position accountability levels established by this Chapter, unless as provided 
by paragraph (c) below, a request for an exemption is made and granted by the Exchange pursuant 
to this Chapter. Any Clearing Member receiving such notice shall immediately take such steps as 
may be necessary to liquidate such number of Commodity Contracts as shall be determined by the 
Exchange in order to cause the aggregate positions of such accounts at such Clearing Members to 
comply with the position limits and position accountability levels established by this Chapter. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Clearing Members may reduce the positions of such accounts 
by a different number of Commodity Contracts so long as after all reductions have been 
accomplished at all Clearing Members carrying such accounts, the positions at all such Clearing 
Members complies with the position limits and position accountability levels established by this 
Chapter. 
(c) In the event any Person exceeds its position limit such Person shall not be considered in 
violation of the Rules provided that such person requests an exemption to hold such increased 
position within one (1) Business Day, but no later than five (5) Business Days, in each case 
following the day on which the position limit was exceeded and provided further that such 
exemption is granted by the Exchange, subject to the following provisions:  
(i) For Commodities subject to position limits under CFTC Regulation 150.2, the 
overage is tied to sudden unforeseen increases in its bona fide hedging needs, and 
such Person provides a detailed explanation of the circumstances warranting the 
sudden or unforeseen increases to its bona fide hedging needs, subject to CFTC 
Regulations 150.5 and 150.9, where applicable, and described in Exchange Rule 
6.29;  
(ii) For Commodities subject to position limits under CFTC Regulation 150.2, the 
overage is tied to bona fide hedging or risk management needs, or based on 
financial distress circumstances described in Exchange Rule 6.29, for positions up 
to, but not in excess of, the applicable federal position limit; or 
(iii) For Commodities not subject to position limits under CFTC Regulation 150.2, the 
overage is tied to bona fide hedging, spread, or risk management position needs, or 
based on financial distress circumstances described by the applicant pursuant to 
Exchange Rule 6.29 and CFTC Regulation 150.3(a)(3), where applicable; and 
(iv) If an application filed pursuant to this paragraph is denied, the applicant must bring 
its position within the Exchange’s speculative position limits within a commercially 
reasonable time, as determined by the Exchange. 
 
(d) Subject to the foregoing provisions of this Rule, in the event that a Person’s position 
exceeds the position limits or position accountability levels established by this Chapter or ordered 
by the Exchange such Person shall liquidate such number of Contracts as the Exchange shall 
direct in order to eliminate the excess within such time as the Exchange may prescribe and shall 


6-16 
report to the Exchange when such liquidations have been completed.  If a Person fails to liquidate 
Contracts within the time prescribed by the Exchange, then, in addition to any other actions the 
Exchange may take, the Exchange may take such steps as it may deem necessary or appropriate 
to liquidate such Contracts on behalf and at the expense of such Person to the extent necessary to 
eliminate such excess.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, if such Person is a 
Clearing Member, the Exchange may direct the Clearing Organization to effect such liquidation 
in accordance with the Clearing Organization Rules.  In addition, the Exchange in its discretion 
may require any Clearing Member carrying an account for such Person to obtain and hold 
additional original Margin from such Person in such amount and form and by such time as the 
Exchange shall specify until such excess has been eliminated. 
Adopted by the Board November 14, 2007; effective November 19, 2007 [¶ (d)]. 
Amended by the Board June 11, 2008; effective July 28, 2008 [¶ (b)]. 
Amended by the Board June 11, 2008; effective February 13, 2009 [¶ (d)]. 
Amended by the Board March 21, 2012; effective May 14, 2012 [¶ (c)]. 
Amended by the Board September 20, 2012; effective October 12, 2012 [¶¶ (a) and (c)]. 
Amended by the Board May 21, 2014; effective June 30, 2014 [¶¶ (a) through (d)] 
Amended by the Board October 28, 2014; effective November 13, 2014 [¶ (a)]. 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2021; effective January 1, 2022 [[¶¶ (a)(iv) through (a)(vi), (c)(i) 
through (c)(iv) and (d)]. 
Amended by the Board March 16, 2022; effective May 3, 2022 [¶¶ (c)(i) through (c)(iii)]. 
 
Rule 6.14.  Exchange Access to Position Information 
(a)Without limiting any provision of these Rules, the Exchange shall have the authority to 
obtain from any Clearing Member information with respect to positions of such Clearing Member 
or any Customer of such Clearing Member. This authority shall include the authority to obtain 
information concerning positions maintained at other firms, and it shall be the obligation of a 
Clearing Member receiving such an inquiry to obtain such information from its Customer. In the 
event a Clearing Member fails to provide the requested information the Exchange, in addition to 
any other remedy provided in these Rules, may order that the Clearing Member liquidate the 
positions which are related to the inquiry. 
(b) Any Clearing Member which holds, controls or carries for any Customer a ‘reportable 
position’ (as such term is used in Rule 6.15) in any Exchange Commodity Contract that is cash 
settled by reference to the price of a contract or commodity traded in another venue, including 
another  designated contract market, shall submit to the Exchange, upon request, such information 
as the Exchange may require with respect to the positions which such Clearing Member or its 
Customer holds or controls in the reference contract or commodity on such other venue,  in such 
form and manner as may be specified by the Exchange. 
Amended by the Board September 20, 2012; effective October 12, 2012 [¶¶ (a) and (b)]. 
Amended by the Board May 21, 2014; effective June 30, 2014 [¶¶ (a) and (b)]. 
Amended by the Board October 28, 2014; effective November 13, 2014 [¶ (b)]. 
 
Rule 6.15.  Reportable Positions and Daily Reports 
(a) Clearing Members, Carrying Members and foreign brokers which hold, control, or carry 
for any Customer a reportable position, as such term is defined by the Act and the Regulations 
thereunder, shall submit to the Exchange daily reports with respect to such positions containing 


6-17 
the information that is required to be reported to the Commission in the same form as prescribed 
by the Commission, unless otherwise specified by the Exchange.  
 (b) Without limiting any provisions of the Rules, Clearing Members, Carrying Members and 
foreign brokers shall provide such additional information with respect to positions in Futures and 
Option Contracts and the ownership of such positions as may be requested by the Exchange. 
(c) In the case where a long and short position in the same delivery month is carried for a 
Customer by a Firm that is not a Clearing Member, it shall be the responsibility of the Carrying 
Member to advise the Clearing Member that the long and short position is for the account of the 
same customer. 
(d) Submission of account Ownership and Control Reporting (“OCR”) information to the 
Exchange 
(1) Clearing Members, Carrying Members and foreign brokers which hold, control, or 
carry for any Customer a special account as such term is defined by the Commission must 
submit to the Exchange either by electronic submission via secure FTP or by manual entry 
through the Exchange OCR Portal, information identifying the ownership and control of 
each special account and all trading accounts related to each such special account, using 
CFTC Form 102A - Identification of a Special Account after the account reaches or 
exceeds the applicable reportable position level prescribed by the Commission, provided, 
however, that if the reportable position level prescribed by the Exchange is lower than the 
corresponding CFTC reportable level for a product, such Form 102A must be filed with the 
Exchange when the position in a special account reaches or exceeds the Exchange 
prescribed reporting level.  Such submission shall be made in accordance with the timing 
and other requirements specified in subparagraph (3) hereof.  
(2) A Clearing Member which holds or carries for itself or any Customer a reportable 
volume threshold account, as such term is defined by the Commission, must submit to the 
Exchange either by electronic submission via secure FTP or by manual entry through the 
Exchange OCR Portal, information identifying the ownership and control of the volume 
threshold account using CFTC Form 102B - Identification of a Volume Threshold Account, 
after an account reaches the reportable volume trading level as prescribed by the 
Commission. Such submission shall be made in accordance with the timing and other 
requirements specified in subparagraph (3) hereof. 
(3) At a minimum, information regarding the names and addresses of the owner(s) and 
controller(s), account number and account type for each special account and each volume 
threshold account shall be submitted to the Exchange by the close of business on the 
Business Day following the date on which the special account or volume threshold account, 
as applicable, reached or exceeded the applicable reportable level, and all supplemental 
information shall be submitted no later than the close of business on the third Business Day 
following the date on which the account reached or exceeded the applicable reportable 
level.  All information shall be submitted to the Exchange in the same format as prescribed 
by the Commission. 
(4) Clearing Members, Carrying Members and foreign brokers shall update any 
information submitted by them via Forms 102A and 102B whenever such information 
changes or becomes inaccurate, by submission of updated, accurate information by 
electronic submission via secure FTP or by manual entry through the Exchange OCR 
Portal, within the time frames specified in subparagraph (3) of this paragraph. 
Amended by the Board June 11, 2008; effective February 13, 2009 [¶¶ (a) through (c)]. 


6-18 
Amended by the Board August 31, 2011; effective September 20, 2011 [¶¶ (b)(iii)]. 
Amended by the Board September 20, 2012; effective October 12, 2012 [¶ (b)]. 
Amended by the Board May 21, 2014; effective June 30, 2014 [¶¶ (a) through (c)]. 
Amended by the Board October 28, 2014; effective November 13, 2014 [¶ (a)]. 
Amended by the Board September 14, 2015; effective September 29, 2016 [¶¶ (d)(1) through 
(d)(4)]. 
 
Amended by the Board April 30, 2020; effective May 15, 2020 [¶(a)]. 
Rule 6.16. Reserved 
Rule 6.17.  Position Limits and Position Accountability for Cocoa Contracts 
(a) A Person holding or controlling six thousand (6,000) or more Exchange Futures Contracts 
and Futures Equivalent Contracts, net long or net short in any single Cocoa month or in all Cocoa 
months combined: 
(i) automatically consents not to increase further and automatically consents to decrease 
those positions when so ordered by the Exchange acting in its own discretion; and 
(ii) shall provide, in a timely manner, information on the nature of that Person's related 
cash, Exchange Futures and Options Contracts positions, trading strategy and/or hedging 
strategy. Nothing in this Rule limits the authority of the Exchange to take action under Rules 
6.11, 6.12 and 6.13 or to request and collect any information regarding that Person's related 
cash and Exchange Futures and Options Contracts positions. 
(b) Subject to the exceptions contained in this Chapter, the maximum net long or net short 
position which anyone (1) Person may hold or control in the Cocoa Contract is one thousand 
(1,000) Exchange Futures Contracts for any month for which delivery notices have or may be 
issued.   
Amended by the Board March 8, 2007; effective March 12, 2007 [¶ (a)]. 
Amended by the Board November 14, 2007; effective November 19, 2007 [¶ (a)(i)]. 
Amended by the Board June 11, 2008; effective July 28, 2008 [¶ (a)(ii)]. 
Amended by the Board October 28, 2014; effective November 13, 2014 [¶¶ (a) and (b)]. 
Amended by the Board April 30, 2020; effective May 15, 2020 [¶ (b)]. 
Rule 6.18.  Position Limits and Position Accountability for Coffee "C" Contracts 
(a) A Person holding or controlling five thousand (5,000) or more Exchange Futures 
Contracts and Futures Equivalent Contracts net long or net short in any single Coffee “C” month 
or in all Coffee “C” months combined: 
(i) automatically consents not to increase further and automatically consents to decrease 
those positions when so ordered by the Exchange acting in its own discretion; and 
(ii) shall provide, in a timely manner, information on the nature of that Person’s related 
cash, Exchange Futures and Options Contracts positions, trading strategy and/or hedging 
strategy.  Nothing in this Rule limits the authority of the Exchange to take action under Rules 
6.11, 6.12 and 6.13 or to request and collect any information regarding that Person’s related 
cash and Exchange Futures and Options Contracts positions. 
(b) Subject to the exceptions contained in this Chapter, the maximum net long or net short 
position which any one (1) Person may hold or control in the Coffee "C" Contract is five hundred 
(500) Exchange Futures Contracts for any month for which delivery notices have or may be 
issued. 


6-19 
Amended by the Board March 8, 2007; effective March 12, 2007 [¶ (a)]. 
Amended by the Board November 14, 2007; effective November 19, 2007 [¶ (a)(i)]. 
Amended by the Board June 11, 2008; effective July 28, 2008 [¶ (a)(ii)]. 
Amended by the Board October 28, 2014; effective November 13, 2014 [¶ (b)]. 
 
Rule 6.19. Position Limits for Cotton No. 2 Contracts 
(a) Subject to the exceptions contained in this Chapter, the maximum net long or net short 
position which any one (1) Person may hold or control in the Cotton No. 2 Contract is five 
thousand (5,000) Futures Contracts and Futures Equivalent Contracts in any one (1) month or in 
all months combined. 
(b) Subject to the exceptions contained in this Chapter, the maximum net long or net short 
position which any one (1) Person may hold or control in the Cotton No. 2 Contract is three 
hundred (300) Futures Contracts for any month for which delivery notices have been or may be, 
issued. 
Amended by the Board May 31, 2007; effective July 11, 2007 [¶ (a)]. 
Amended by the Board March 1, 2012; effective March 19, 2012 [¶ (a)]. 
 
Rule 6.20.  Position Limits, Conditional Limits and Position Accountability for Energy  
 
Contracts and Oil Contracts 
 
(a) Position limit and position accountability levels for Energy Contracts and for Oil 
Contracts are specified in the Tables contained in Resolutions 2 contained in Chapters 18 and 19 
(the “Position Limit Tables”). A Person holding or controlling Exchange Futures Contracts and 
Futures Equivalent Contracts, net long or net short (calculated as specified in the Position Limit 
Table), in an amount equal to or greater than the accountability levels specified in such Table, (i) 
automatically consents not to increase further and automatically consents to decrease those 
positions when so ordered by the Exchange acting in its own discretion and (ii) shall provide, in a 
timely manner, information on the nature of that Person’s related cash position, Exchange Futures 
and Options position, trading strategy and/or hedging strategy and such other relevant 
information as the Exchange may require. Nothing in this Rule shall limit the authority of the 
Exchange to take action under Rules 6.11, 6.12 and 6.13 or to request and collect information 
regarding such Person’s related cash and Exchange Futures and Options positions. 
 
 
(b) No Person may exceed the position limits specified in the Position Limit Tables for any 
Oil Contract or any Energy Contract unless an exemption has been granted by the Exchange in 
accordance with these Rules. 
 
(c) A Conditional Limit in the Henry Hub LD1 Fixed Price Future of up to 40,000 contracts 
net long or short may be granted for the period that spot month position limits are in effect. To be 
eligible for a Conditional Limit under this Rule, a Person must submit an application, in the form 
specified by the Exchange, in which the applicant agrees:  
(i) not to establish, hold or control a position in the corresponding CME/NYMEX Natural 
Gas Futures contract (CME/NYMEX contract code NG) during the last three days of trading 
of a contract month while holding a position in the Henry LD1 Fixed Price Future in excess 
of the contract’s spot month position limit;  
(ii) upon request of the Exchange, to provide information on all positions related to Henry 
Hub Contracts, and such other information as the Exchange may request; and  


6-20 
(iii) to report to the Exchange any position established, whether by trading or otherwise, in 
the spot month CME/NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures contract during the last three 
days of trading of a contact month, while holding a position in the Henry LD1 Fixed Price 
Future in excess of such contract’s spot month position limit. 
An application for a Conditional Limit shall be effective upon receipt by the Exchange. A 
Conditional Limit will be effective each spot month until the expiration date specified in the 
application for such limit, which shall be no later than one year following the submission date. 
Nothing in this Rule shall in any way limit the Exchange from altering or revoking a Conditional 
Limit. 
(d) The spot month position limits for the Henry LD1 Fixed Price Futures Contract shall be 
effective on the Last Trading Day and the two Business Days preceding the Last Trading Day of 
the Contract Period, as such term is defined in Chapter 18 of the Rules, or as otherwise 
determined by the Exchange to account for holidays.  
 
 
(e) The spot month position limits for Natural Gas contracts (excluding the Henry LD1 Fixed 
Price Future and the EIA Index Futures) shall be effective during the last five Business Days of 
the calendar month that precedes the Contract Period, as such term is defined in Chapter 18 of the 
Rules, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange to account for holidays.  
 
(f) The spot month position limit for the EIA Index Futures shall be effective on the Last 
Trading Day and the four Business Days preceding the Last Trading Day of the Contract Period, 
as such term is defined in Chapter 18 of the Rules, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange to 
account for holidays. 
 
(g) The spot month position limits for Power and Physical Environmental contracts shall be 
effective on the first Business Day of the Contract Period (as such term is defined in Chapter 18 
of the Rules) through the Last Trading Day. 
 
(h) The spot month position limits for LNG contracts shall be effective at the close of 
business on the Business Day preceding the Last Trading Day of the Contract Period, as such 
term is defined in Chapter 18 of the Rules. 
 
(i) The spot month position limits for Oil Contracts shall be effective on the Last Trading Day 
and the two Business Days preceding the Last Trading Day of the expiring contract, or as 
otherwise determined by the Exchange to account for holidays. Any Clearing Member which 
holds, controls or carries for any Customer a ‘reportable position’ (as such term is used in Rule 
6.15) in any Oil Contract shall submit a report to the Exchange upon request, identifying 
positions which such Clearing Member or its Customer holds or controls in the corresponding 
contract month of any physically delivered futures contract to which the Exchange contract is 
linked, as of the open of trading and the close of trading on such Last Trading Day, and shall 
provide such other information as may be requested by the Exchange regarding transactions 
effected on such day by such Person in the linked contract, in such form and manner as may be 
specified by the Exchange. 
 
 
Adopted by the Board June 23, 2011; effective October 15, 2012. 
 
 
Amended by the Board November 14, 2012; effective December 3, 2012 [¶¶ (d) through (f)].  
 
 
Amended by the Board February 7, 2014; effective February 21, 214 [¶ (e)]. 
Amended by the Board October 28, 2014; effective November 13, 2014 [¶ (a)]. 
Amended by the Board December 5, 2014; effective December 23, 2014 [¶¶ (d) and (e)]. 


6-21 
Amended by the Board September 30, 2015; effective October 27, 2015 [¶¶ (d) through (g)]. 
Amended by the Board April 28, 2017; effective May 4, 2017 [¶ (h)]. 
Amended by the Board December 1, 2017; effective December 19, 2017 [¶¶(c)(i) through 
(c)(iii)]. 
 
Amendments to Paragraphs (a) and (b), paragraph (i) was adopted; effective February 19, 
2018. 
Amended by the Board November 17, 2020; effective March 15, 2020 [¶¶ (c) and (c)(i)]. 
Amended by the Board September 27, 2023; effective November 1, 2023 [¶¶ (c)(iii)]. 
Rule 6.21. Position Limits and Position Accountability for FCOJ Contracts 
(a) A Person holding or controlling two thousand five hundred (2,500) or more Exchange 
Futures Contracts and Futures Equivalent Contracts net long or net short in any single FCOJ 
month or in all FCOJ months combined: 
(i) automatically consents not to increase further and automatically consents to decrease 
those positions when so ordered by the Exchange acting in its own discretion; and 
(ii) shall provide, in a timely manner, information on the nature of that Person’s related 
cash, Exchange Futures and Options Contracts positions, trading strategy and/or hedging 
strategy. Nothing in this Rule limits the authority of the Exchange to take action under Rules 
6.11, 6.12 and 6.13 or to request and collect any information regarding that Person’s related 
cash and Exchange Futures and Options Contracts positions. 
(b) Subject to the exceptions contained in this Chapter, the maximum net long or net short 
position which any one (1) Person may hold or control in the FCOJ Contract is three hundred 
(300) Exchange Futures Contracts for any month for which delivery notices have or may be 
issued. 
Amended by the Board February 8, 2013, effective February 20, 2013 [¶(c)]. 
Amended by the Board February 28, 2013; effective March 18, 2013 [¶ (a)]. 
Amended by the Board February 6, 2014; effective February 10, 2014 [¶ (b)]. 
Amended by the Board March 24, 2021; effective January 2, 2022 [¶¶ (a) through (b)]. 
Rule 6.22.  Position Limits and Position Accountability for Sugar No. 11 Contracts 
(a) A Person holding or controlling ten thousand (10,000) or more Exchange Futures 
Contracts and Futures Equivalent Contracts net long or net short in any single Sugar No. 11 
month or holding or controlling fifteen thousand (15,000) or more Exchange Futures Contracts 
and Futures Equivalent Contracts net long or net short in all Sugar No. 11 months combined: 
(i) automatically consents not to increase further and automatically consents to decrease 
those positions when so ordered by the Exchange acting in its own discretion; and 
(ii) shall provide, in a timely manner, information on the nature of that Person's related 
cash, Exchange Futures and Options Contracts positions, trading strategy and/or hedging 
strategy. Nothing in this Rule limits the authority of the Exchange to take action under Rules 
6.11, 6.12 and 6.13 or to request and collect any information regarding that Person's related 
cash and Exchange Futures and Options Contracts positions. 
(b) Subject to the exceptions contained in this Chapter, as of the opening of trading on the 
second (2nd) Business Day following the expiration of the regular Option traded on the expiring 


6-22 
Exchange Futures Contract, the maximum position net long or net short which any one (1) Person 
may hold or control in an expiring Sugar No. 11 Contract is five thousand (5,000) Exchange 
Futures Contracts. 
Amended by the Board March 8, 2007; effective March 12, 2007 [¶ (a)]. 
Amended by the Board July 11, 2007; effective July 16, 2007 [¶ (a)].  
Amended by the Board November 14, 2007; effective November 19, 2007 [¶ (a)(i)]. 
Amended by the Board June 11, 2008; effective July 28, 2008 [¶ (a)(ii)]. 
Amended by the Board October 28, 2014; effective November 13, 2014 [¶ (b)]. 
Rule 6.23.  Position Limits and Position Accountability for Domestic Raw Sugar No. 16 
Contracts 
(a) A Person holding or controlling one thousand (1,000) or more Exchange Futures 
Contracts net long or net short in any single Domestic Raw Sugar No. 16 month or in all 
Domestic Raw Sugar No. 16 months combined: 
(i) automatically consents not to increase further and automatically consents to decrease 
those positions when so ordered by the Exchange acting in its own discretion; and 
(ii) shall provide, in a timely manner, information on the nature of that Person's related 
cash, Exchange Futures and Options Contracts positions, trading strategy and/or hedging 
strategy. Nothing in this Rule limits the authority of the Exchange to take action under Rules 
6.11, 6.12 and 6.13 or to request and collect any information regarding that Person's related 
cash and Exchange Futures and Options Contracts positions. 
(b) Subject to the exceptions contained in this Chapter, as of the opening of trading on the 
third-to-last Business Day of the expiring contract, the maximum position net long or net short 
which any one (1) Person may hold or control in an expiring Domestic Raw Sugar No. 16 
Contract is one thousand (1,000) Exchange Futures Contracts. 
 
Amended by the Board April 9, 2008; effective September 26, 2008 [¶¶ (a) and (b)]. 
Amended by the Board February 28, 2013; effective March 18, 2013. 
Amended by the Board October 28, 2014; effective November 13, 2014. 
Amended by the Board March 24, 2021; effective January 2, 2022 [¶¶ (a) through (b)]. 
Rule 6.24.  Position Limits and Position Accountability for Financial Contracts 
(a)  Euro Based 
(i) A Person holding or controlling five thousand (5,000) or more Exchange Futures 
Contracts and Futures Equivalent Contracts net long or net short in either (1) all of the euro-
koruna, (2) all of the euro-forint or (3) all of the euro-rand contract months combined: 
(A) automatically consents not to increase further and automatically consents to decrease 
those positions when so ordered by the Exchange acting in its own discretion; and 
(B) shall provide, in a timely manner, information on the nature of that Person's related 
cash, Exchange Futures and Options Contracts positions, trading strategy and/or hedging 
strategy. Nothing in this Rule limits the authority of the Exchange to take action under 
Rules 6.11, 6.12 and 6.13 or to request and collect any information regarding that Person's 
related cash and Exchange Futures and Options Contracts positions. 


6-23 
(ii) Subject to the exceptions contained in this Chapter, during the last five (5) days of 
trading in an expiring delivery month, the maximum net long or net short euro-koruna 
position which any one (1) Person may hold or control is two thousand five hundred (2,500) 
Exchange Futures Contracts in the expiring delivery month. 
(iii) Subject to the exceptions contained in this Chapter, during the last five (5) days of 
trading in an expiring delivery month, the maximum net long or net short euro-forint position 
which any one (1) Person may hold or control is two thousand five hundred (2,500) Exchange 
Futures Contracts in the expiring delivery month. 
(iv) Subject to the exceptions contained in this Chapter, during the last five (5) days of 
trading in an expiring delivery month, the maximum net long or net short euro-rand position 
which any one (1) Person may hold or control is three thousand (3,000) Exchange Futures 
Contracts in the expiring delivery month. 
(b) US Dollar Based 
(i) A Person holding or controlling five thousand (5,000) or more Exchange Futures 
Contracts and Futures Equivalent Contracts net long or net short in all of the dollar-rand 
contract months combined: 
(A) automatically consents not to increase further and automatically consents to decrease 
those positions when so ordered by the Exchange acting in its own discretion; and 
(B) shall provide, in a timely manner, information on the nature of that Person's related 
cash, Exchange Futures and Options Contract positions, trading strategy and/or hedging 
strategy. Nothing in this Rule limits the authority of the Exchange to take action under 
Rules 6.11, 6.12 and 6.13 or to request and collect any information regarding that Person's 
related cash and Exchange Futures and Options Contracts positions. 
(ii) Subject to the exceptions contained in this Chapter, during the last five (5) days of 
trading in an expiring delivery month, the maximum net long or net short dollar-rand position 
which any one (1) Person may hold or control is twenty thousand (20,000) Exchange Futures 
Contracts in the expiring delivery month. 
(iii) A Person holding or controlling ten thousand (10,000) or more Exchange Futures 
Contracts and Futures Equivalent Contracts net long or net short in either (1) all of the dollar 
koruna or (2) all of the dollar forint contract months combined: 
(A) automatically consents not to increase further and automatically consents to decrease 
those positions when so ordered by the Exchange acting in its own discretion; and 
(B) shall provide, in a timely manner, information on the nature of that Person's related 
cash, Exchange Futures and Options Contract positions, trading strategy and/or hedging 
strategy. Nothing in this Rule limits the authority of the Exchange to take action under 
Rules 6.11 and 6.12 or to request and collect any information regarding that Person's 
related cash and Exchange Futures and Options Contracts positions. 
(iv) Subject to the exceptions contained in this Chapter, during the last five (5) days of 
trading in an expiring delivery month, the maximum net long or net short dollar-koruna 
position which any one (1) Person may hold or control is two thousand five hundred (2,500) 
Exchange Futures Contracts in the expiring delivery month. 
(v) Subject to the exceptions contained in this Chapter, during the last five (5) days of 
trading in an expiring delivery month, the maximum net long or net short dollar-forint 
position which any one (1) Person may hold or control is two thousand five hundred (2,500) 
Exchange Futures Contracts in the expiring delivery month. 


6-24 
 
(c) Australian and New Zealand Dollar Based  
(i) A Person holding or controlling five thousand (5,000) or more Exchange Futures 
Contracts and Futures Equivalent Contracts net long or net short in either (1) all of the kiwi-
dollar or (2) all of the Aussie-kiwi months combined: 
(A) automatically consents not to increase further and automatically consents to decrease 
those positions when so ordered by the Exchange acting in its own discretion; and 
(B) shall provide, in a timely manner, information on the nature of that Person's related 
cash, Exchange Futures and Options Contracts positions, trading strategy and/or hedging 
strategy. Nothing in this Rule limits the authority of the Exchange to take action under 
Rules 6.11, 6.12 and 6.13 or to request and collect any information regarding that Person's 
related cash and Exchange and Options Futures Contracts positions. 
(ii) In computing net positions for the purposes of this Rule, one-half of the net position in 
the small kiwi-dollar futures contract shall be combined with positions in the kiwi-dollar 
futures contract. 
(d) Pound Sterling Based 
(i) A Person holding or controlling five thousand (5,000) or more Exchange Futures 
Contracts and Futures Equivalent Contracts net long or net short in all of the sterling-rand 
contract months combined: 
(A) automatically consents not to increase further and automatically consents to decrease 
those positions when so ordered by the Exchange acting in its own discretion; and 
(B) shall provide, in a timely manner, information on the nature of that Person's related 
cash, Exchange Futures and Options Contracts positions, trading strategy and/or hedging 
strategy. Nothing in this Rule limits the authority of the Exchange to take action under 
Rules 6.11, 6.12 and 6.13 or to request and collect any information regarding that Person's 
related cash and Exchange and Options Futures Contracts positions. 
(ii) Subject to the exceptions contained in this Chapter, during the last five (5) days of 
trading in an expiring delivery month, the maximum net long or net short sterling-rand 
position which any one (1) Person may hold or control is three thousand (3,000) Exchange 
Futures Contracts in the expiring delivery month. 
(e) Mexican Peso Based 
(i) A Person holding or controlling six thousand (6,000) or more Exchange Futures 
Contracts and Futures Equivalent Contracts net long or net short in either (1) all of the peso-
dollar or (2) all of the peso-dollar contract months combined: 
(A) automatically consents not to increase further and automatically consents to decrease 
those positions when so ordered by the Exchange acting in its own discretion; and 
(B) shall provide, in a timely manner, information on the nature of that Person's related 
cash, Exchange Futures and Options Contract positions, trading strategy and/or hedging 
strategy. Nothing in this Rule limits the authority of the Exchange to take action under 
Rules 6.11 and 6.12 or to request and collect any information regarding that Person's related 
cash and Exchange Futures and Options Contracts positions. 
(ii) Subject to the exceptions contained in this Chapter, during the last five (5) days of 
trading in an expiring delivery month, the maximum net long or net short peso-dollar position 
any one (1) Person may hold or control is twenty thousand (20,000) Exchange Futures 
Contracts in the expiring delivery month. 


6-25 
 
(f) Israeli Shekel Based 
(i) A Person holding or controlling six thousand (6,000) or more Exchange Futures 
Contracts and Futures Equivalent Contracts net long or net short in all of the shekel-dollar 
contract months combined: 
(A) automatically consents not to increase further and automatically consents to decrease 
those positions when so ordered by the Exchange acting in its own discretion; and 
(B) shall provide, in a timely manner, information on the nature of that Person's related 
cash, Exchange Futures and Options Contract positions, trading strategy and/or hedging 
strategy. Nothing in this Rule limits the authority of the Exchange to take action under 
Rules 6.11 and 6.12 or to request and collect any information regarding that Person's related 
cash and Exchange Futures and Options Contracts positions. 
(ii)  Subject to the exceptions contained in this Chapter, during the last five (5) days of 
trading in an expiring delivery month, the maximum net long or net short shekel-dollar 
position any one (1) Person may hold or control is two thousand (2,000) Exchange Futures 
Contracts in the expiring delivery month. 
 
(g)  Polish Zloty Based 
(i) A Person holding or controlling six thousand (6,000) or more Exchange Futures 
Contracts and Futures Equivalent Contracts net long or net short in either (1) all of the zloty-
euro or (2) all of the zloty-dollar contract months combined: 
(A) automatically consents not to increase further and automatically consents to decrease 
those positions when so ordered by the Exchange acting in its own discretion; and 
(B) shall provide, in a timely manner, information on the nature of that Person's related 
cash, Exchange Futures and Options Contract positions, trading strategy and/or hedging 
strategy. Nothing in this Rule limits the authority of the Exchange to take action under 
Rules 6.11 and 6.12 or to request and collect any information regarding that Person's related 
cash and Exchange Futures and Options Contracts positions. 
(ii)  Subject to the exceptions contained in this Chapter, during the last five (5) days of 
trading in an expiring delivery month, the maximum net long or net short zloty-euro position 
any one (1) Person may hold or control is two thousand (2,000) Exchange Futures Contracts in 
the expiring delivery month. 
(iii)  Subject to the exceptions contained in this Chapter, during the last five (5) days of 
trading in an expiring delivery month, the maximum net long or net short zloty-dollar position 
any one (1) Person may hold or control is two thousand (2,000) Exchange Futures Contracts in 
the expiring delivery month. 
 
    (h) Turkish Lira Based  
(i) A Person holding or controlling six thousand (6,000) or more Exchange Futures 
Contracts and Futures Equivalent Contracts net long or net short in either (1) all of the lira-
euro or (2) all of the lira-dollar contract months combined: 
(A) automatically consents not to increase further and automatically consents to decrease 
those positions when so ordered by the Exchange acting in its own discretion; and 
(B) shall provide, in a timely manner, information on the nature of that Person's related 
cash, Exchange Futures and Options Contract positions, trading strategy and/or hedging 
strategy. Nothing in this Rule limits the authority of the Exchange to take action under 


6-26 
Rules 6.11 and 6.12 or to request and collect any information regarding that Person's related 
cash and Exchange Futures and Options Contracts positions. 
(ii)  Subject to the exceptions contained in this Chapter, during the last five (5) days of 
trading in an expiring delivery month, the maximum net long or net short lira-euro position 
any one (1) Person may hold or control is two thousand (2,000) Exchange Futures Contracts in 
the expiring delivery month. 
(iii)  Subject to the exceptions contained in this Chapter, during the last five (5) days of 
trading in an expiring delivery month, the maximum net long or net short lira-dollar position 
any one (1) Person may hold or control is two thousand (2,000) Exchange Futures Contracts in 
the expiring delivery month. 
Amended by the Board November 14, 2007; effective November 19, 2007 [¶¶ (a)(i)(A), (b)(i)(A), 
(c)(i)(A), (d)(i)(A) and (e)(i)(A)]. 
Amended by the Board February 13, 2008; effective February 19, 2008 [¶ (b)]. 
Amended by the Board June 11, 2008; effective July 28, 2008 [¶¶ (a)(i)(B), (b)(i)(B), (c)(i)(B), 
(d)(i)(B) and (e)(i)(B)]. 
Amended by the Board August 31, 2011; effective September 19, 2011 [¶¶ (e) and (f)]. 
Amended by the Board August 31, 2011; effective November 21, 2011 [¶¶ (f)(i) and (f)(iv)]. 
Amended by the Board November 14, 2012; effective January 22, 2013 [¶¶(f)(i) and (f)(v)]. 
Amended by the Board October 22, 2014; effective November 12, 2014 [¶¶ (b)(ii), (f)(i) and 
(f)(iv)]. 
Amended by the Board October 28, 2014; effective November 13, 2014 [¶¶ (a)(ii)-(a)(iv); (b)(ii), 
(b)(ii) (b)(iv), (b)(v); (d)(ii); (e)(ii) and (f)(ii)-(f)(v)]. 
Amended by the Board October 22, 2014; effective January 12, 2014 [¶¶ (f) through (i)]. 
Rule 6.25.  Position Limits for Index Contracts 
 
(a) Position limit and position accountability levels for Index Contracts are specified in the 
Table contained in Resolution 1 contained in this Chapter (the “Position Limit Table”). A 
Person holding or controlling Exchange Futures Contracts and Futures Equivalent Contracts, 
net long or net short (calculated as specified in the Position Limit Table), in an amount equal 
to or greater than the accountability levels specified in such Table, (i) automatically consents 
not to increase further and automatically consents to decrease those positions when so 
ordered by the Exchange acting in its own discretion and (ii) shall provide, in a timely 
manner, information on the nature of that Person’s related cash position, Exchange Futures 
and Options position, trading strategy and/or hedging strategy and such other relevant 
information as the Exchange may require. Nothing in this Rule shall limit the authority of the 
Exchange to take action under Rules 6.11, 6.12 and 6.13 or to request and collect information 
regarding such Person’s related cash and Exchange Futures and Options positions. 
 
Amended by the Board May 1, 2007; effective May 11, 2007 [¶ (c)(ii)]. 
Amended by the Board July 11, 2007; effective August 17, 2007 [¶ (f)]. 
Amended by the Board November 14, 2007; effective February 1, 2008 [¶ (b)]. 
Amended by the Board May 12, 2008; effective May 14, 2008 [¶ (f)(i)]. 
Amended by the Board December 10, 2008; effective December 22, 2008 [¶¶ (c)(i) and (f)(i)]. 
Amended by the Board April 15, 2009; effective May 3, 2010 [¶¶ (d) through (i)] . 


6-27 
Amended by the Board March 25, 2013; effective June 17, 2013 [¶¶ (a)(i) and (a)(ii)]. 
Amended by the Board April 9, 2014; effective June 30, 2014 [¶¶ (b) and (i)]. 
Amended by the Board October 28, 2014; effective November 13, 2014 [¶¶ (a)(i), (a)(ii), (c)(i); 
(d)(i); (e)(i); (f)(i); (g)(i); (h)(i) and (i)(i)]. 
Amended by the Board April 8, 2015 effective April 27, 2015 [¶ (a)]. 
Amended by the Board November 8, 2016; effective December 2, 2016 [¶¶ (c) through (h)]. 
Effective December 21, 2016 consolidation from Chapters 40 to 60 {¶¶ (b)(i) through (b)(ix)]. 
Amended by the Board January 25, 2017; effective February 9, 2017 ]¶¶ (b)(v) and (b)(vi)]. 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2017; effective September 25, 2017 [¶¶(b)(x) and (b)(xi)]. 
Adopted by the Board September 27, 2017; effective November 8, 2017 [¶(j)]. 
Amended by the Board November 15, 2017; effective with the delisting of two MSCI Futures 
Contracts [¶¶(b)(xi)]. 
 
Amended by the Board January 31, 2019; effective April 8, 2019 [¶¶ (b)(i) through (b)(xiii)]. 
 
Amended by the Board June 20, 2019; effective November 4, 2019 [(b)(i), (b)(ii)-(b)(v) and 
(b)(xiii) 
 
Amended by the Board November 1, 2019; effective December 9, 2019 [¶¶ (b)(v)] 
Amended by the Board April 7, 2020; effective April 23, 2020 [¶¶ (b)(i)]. 
Amended by the Board April 14, 2020; effective with the delisting of MSCI Mexico NTR Index 
Futures Contract. 
Amended by the Board June 24, 2020; effective September 22, 2020 with the addition of the 
MSCI Japan ESG Select Leaders GTR Index, MSCI Japan NTR Index and MSCI USA 
Minimum Volatility GTR Index [¶¶ (b)(v) and (b)(xi)]. 
Amended by the Board September 11, 2020; effective September 21, 2020 [¶¶ (b)(i) and (b)(iii)]. 
Amended by the Board September 25, 2020; effective September 28, 2020 [¶ (d)]. 
Amended by the Board November 11, 2020; effective November 23, 2020 with the addition of 
MSCI Emerging Markets ex China NTR Index Futures [¶¶ (b)(x)]. 
Amended by the Board November 10, 2020, effective December 14, 2020 with the addition of ten 
new MSCI Equity Index Futures Contracts. 
Amended by the Board June 23, 2021; effective September 13, 2021 [(a)]. 
Rule 6.26.  Position Limits for Metals Contracts 
   (a) Gold  
 (i) Subject to the exceptions contained in this Chapter, the maximum net long or net short 
position which any one (1) Person may hold or control in the Gold Contract is six thousand 
(6,000) Futures Contracts and Futures Equivalent Contracts in any one (1) month or in all months 
combined. 


6-28 
(ii) Subject to the exceptions contained in this Chapter, the maximum net long or net short 
position which any one (1) Person may hold or control in the Gold Contract is three thousand 
(3,000) Futures Contracts for any month for which delivery notices have been, or may be, issued. 
   (b) Mini-Sized Gold 
 
(i) Subject to the exceptions contained in this Chapter, the maximum net long or net short 
position which any one (1) Person may hold or control in the Mini-Sized Gold Contract is six 
thousand (6,000) Futures Contracts and Futures Equivalent Contracts in all months combined. 
(ii) Subject to the exceptions contained in this Chapter, the maximum net long or net short 
position which any one (1) Person may hold or control in the Mini-Sized Gold Contract is four 
thousand (4,000) Futures Contracts and Futures Equivalent Contracts in any one (1) month. 
(iii) Subject to the exceptions contained in this Chapter, the maximum net long or net short 
position which any one (1) Person may hold or control in the Mini-Sized Gold Contract is four 
thousand (4,000) Futures Contracts for any month for which delivery notices have been, or may 
be, issued. 
(b) Silver 
(i) Subject to the exceptions contained in this Chapter, the maximum net long or net short 
position which any one (1) Person may hold or control in the Silver Contract is six thousand 
(6,000) Futures Contracts and Futures Equivalent Contracts in any one (1) month or in all months 
combined. 
(ii) Subject to the exceptions contained in this Chapter, the maximum net long or net short 
position which any one (1) Person may hold or control in the Silver 2 Contract is fifteen hundred 
(1500) Futures Contracts for any month for which delivery notices have been, or may be, issued. 
(c) Mini-Sized Silver 
(i) Subject to the exceptions contained in this Chapter, the maximum net long or net short 
position which any one (1) Person may hold or control in the Mini-Sized Silver Contract is three 
thousand (3,000) Futures Contracts and Futures Equivalent Contracts in all months combined. 
(ii) Subject to the exceptions contained in this Chapter, the maximum net long or net short 
position which any one (1) Person may hold or control in the Mini-Sized Silver Contract is fifteen 
hundred (1500) Futures Contracts and Futures Equivalent Contracts in any one (1) month. 
(iii) Subject to the exceptions contained in this Chapter, the maximum net long or net short 
position which any one (1) Person may hold or control in the Mini-Sized Silver Contract is fifteen 
hundred (1500) Futures Contracts for any month for which delivery notices have been, or may be, 
issued. 
 
Adopted by the Board April 9, 2014; effective June 30, 2014. 
 
Rule 6.27. Position Limits and Accountability Levels for Canola 
 
(a) A Person holding or controlling six thousand (6,000) or more Exchange Futures Contracts 
and Futures Equivalent Contracts, net long or net short in any single Canola month or in all 
Canola months combined: 
(i) automatically consents not to increase further and automatically consents to decrease 
those positions when so ordered by the Exchange acting in its own discretion; and 
(ii) shall provide, in a timely manner, information on the nature of that Person's related 
cash, Exchange Futures and Options Contracts positions, trading strategy and/or hedging 
strategy. Nothing in this Rule limits the authority of the Exchange to take action under Rules 


6-29 
6.11, 6.12 and 6.13 or to request and collect any information regarding that Person's related 
cash and Exchange Futures and Options Contracts positions. 
(b) Subject to the exceptions contained in this Chapter, the maximum net long or net short 
position which any one (1) Person may hold or control in the Canola Contract is three thousand 
(3,000) Exchange Futures Contracts for any month for which delivery notices have or may be 
issued. 
 
Adopted by the Board June 21, 2018; effective July 30, 2018.  
Rule 6.28. Position Limits for Gold Daily Futures Contract and Silver Daily Futures 
Contract 
(a) Subject to the exceptions contained in this Chapter, the maximum number of Exchange 
Futures Contracts, net long or net short, which any one (1) Person may own or control in the Gold 
Daily Futures Contract is fifty thousand (50,000) Futures Contracts in any one Contract Date or in 
all Contract Dates combined. 
(b) Subject to the exceptions contained in this Chapter, the maximum number of Exchange 
Futures Contracts, net long or net short, which any one (1) Person may own or control in the 
Silver Daily Futures Contract is ten thousand (10,000) Futures Contracts in any one Contract 
Date or in all Contract Dates combined. 
 
Adopted by the Board December 2, 2016; effective January 30, 2017 commencing with the listing 
of the Gold Daily Futures Contracts. 
 
Amended by the Board July 28, 2017; effective September 5, 2017 [¶ (b)]. 
Rule 6.29.  Exemptions 
(a) The position limits for Exchange Futures and Options Contracts specified in this 
Chapter shall not apply to: 
(i) enumerated bona fide hedging positions (as listed in Appendix A to Part 150 of the 
CFTC Regulations) or non-enumerated hedging positions which are otherwise determined 
by the Exchange to be consistent with the purposes of hedging, as defined in and subject to 
CFTC Regulations 150.1 and 150.3(a)(1), and are approved in accordance with this Rule;  
(ii) spread positions, as defined in CFTC Regulation 150.1 and consistent with 
Appendix G to Part 150 of the CFTC Regulations; 
(iii) risk management positions: (A) for Commodities not subject to position limits 
under CFTC Regulation 150.2 or (B) beginning January 1, 2023, for those commodities 
that are subject to federal position limits under CFTC Regulation 150.2, for quantities up 
to, but not exceeding, the applicable federal position limit; and  
(iv) financial distress positions: (A) for Commodities not subject to position limits 
under CFTC Regulation 150.2 or (B) for those Commodities that are subject to federal 
position limits under CFTC Regulation 150.2 and CFTC Regulation 150.3(a)(3). 
(b) To be eligible for an exemption under this Rule, a Person seeking the exemption must 
submit to the Exchange a written request, in the form provided by the Exchange, which shall 
include the following: 
 (i) a description of the exemption sought, including whether the exemption is for an 
enumerated bona fide hedging transactions or positions as defined in CFTC Regulation 150.1 


6-30 
(bona fide hedging transaction or position), non-enumerated bona fide hedging transactions or 
positions, spread positions, risk management positions, or financial distress positions; 
  (ii) a complete and accurate explanation of the underlying exposure related to the 
exemption request;  
(iii) a statement that the Person seeking the exemption agrees to comply with any 
restrictions, limitations, or denials imposed by the Exchange with regard to said positions;  
(iv) a representation that any applicable Federal requirements relating to the proposed 
positions have been complied with and that any necessary approvals of the Commission have 
been obtained; 
(v) a statement that the Person seeking the exemption is in compliance with all other 
applicable Rules and requirements; 
(vi) a statement that the Person seeking the exemption agrees to submit immediately a 
supplemental statement to the Exchange explaining any change in circumstances affecting the 
positions; 
(vii) a statement that such positions will be initiated and liquidated in an orderly manner; 
and 
   (viii) such further information as the Exchange may request. 
Within five (5) Business Days of the submission of the required information and 
statements, the Exchange will endeavor to respond to the request indicating whether the 
exemption has been granted and the limitations placed thereon. An exemption will remain in 
full force and effect until (1) the exemption’s expiration date provided by the Exchange not to 
exceed one year from the date of approval (2) a request for withdrawal is received by the 
Exchange; or (3) the Exchange revokes, modifies or places further limitations thereon. 
(c) Each Person requesting a new exemption or renewal of an existing exemption from the 
position limits specified in this Chapter must submit a written request in the form specified by the 
Exchange, any additional information requested by the Exchange, and receive approval from the 
Market Regulation Department prior to exceeding such limits, except as otherwise provided in 
this Chapter. For contracts subject to physical delivery, the Person should endeavor to submit such 
requests to the Exchange no later than five (5) Business Days prior to the first (1st) day such 
position limit is in effect. Failure to file a position limit exemption request on a timely basis may 
subject the Person seeking an exemption to disciplinary action pursuant to the Rules. 
(d) Hedge Exemptions 
(i) Requests for enumerated bona fide hedge exemptions must include information that 
demonstrates that the proposed positions are bona fide hedging positions, consistent with 
the definition of “bona fide hedging transaction or position” in CFTC Regulation 150.1 and 
qualifies as an enumerated bona fide hedging transaction or position listed in Appendix A to 
Part 150 of the CFTC’s Regulations. 
(ii) Requests for non-enumerated bona fide hedge exemptions must include information 
that demonstrates the positions are consistent with bona fide hedging strategies and the 
requirements of CFTC Regulations 150.1 and 150.9.  
(iii) Pass-Through Swap 
 
When applying for a pass-through swap exemption, as defined in CFTC Regulation 
150.1, the Person seeking such exemption must provide an explanation of such Person’s bona 
fide hedging counterparty’s (as such term is defined in CFTC Regulation 150.1) positions in 
the underlying cash market, related cash market, or related over-the-counter market where 


6-31 
there exists a close linkage between the Futures or Options market and the underlying market 
in question, and a written representation from the bona fide hedging counterparty that the 
pass-through swap qualifies as a bona fide hedging transaction or position as defined in 
CFTC Regulation 150.1. The Person may rely in good faith on such written representation, 
unless the Person has information that would cause a reasonable person to question the 
accuracy of the representation. 
 
(e) Spread Exemptions 
Exemptions may be granted for strategies consistent with the definition of spread 
transaction in CFTC Regulation 150.1 and/or, for those commodities subject to federal 
position limits under CFTC Regulation 150.2, for spread positions and strategies consistent 
with CFTC Regulation 150.3(a)(2). 
(A) When applying for a cash and carry exemption, the Person seeking the exemption 
must provide the cost of carrying the physical commodity, the minimum spread 
differential at which it will enter into a straddle position in order to obtain profit, and the 
quantity of stocks currently owned in Exchange licensed warehouses or tank facilities. 
(B)  When granted a cash and carry exemption, the Person receiving the exemption shall 
agree that, (1) before the price of the nearby contract month rises to a premium to the 
second (2nd) contract month, it will liquidate all long positions in the nearby contract 
month. 
(C) Block Trades may not be used to establish positions upon which a cash and carry 
exemption request is based. 
(f) Risk Management Exemptions 
When applying for a risk management exemption, the Person seeking such exemption must 
provide an explanation of the positions in the underlying cash market, related cash market, or 
related over-the-counter market where there exists a close linkage between the Futures or 
Options market and the underlying market in question, or, where applicable, an explanation of 
the corresponding commodity index being replicated.  
(g) Financial Distress Exemptions 
Exemptions may be requested for positions held by the applicant as a result of the 
financial distress of another market participant: (i) for commodities not subject to position 
limits under CFTC Regulation 150.2, (ii) for commodities subject to federal position limits 
under CFTC Regulation 150.2 for quantities up to, but not exceeding, the applicable federal 
limit, or (iii) for commodities subject to federal position limits under CFTC Regulation 150.2 
for quantities in excess of the applicable federal limit, provided, in such circumstances under 
(iii), the exemption has been approved by the Commission pursuant to CFTC Regulation 
150.3(a)(3) and evidence of such approval has been furnished to the Exchange.  
Adopted by the Board September 20, 2012; effective October 12, 2012 [¶¶ (a) through (d)]. 
Amended by the Board May 21, 2014; effective June 30, 2014 [¶¶ (a) through (f)]. 
Amended by the Board July 17, 2014 effective August 15, 2014 [¶¶ (a) and (d)(i) and (d)(ii)]. 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2021; effective January 1, 2022 [¶¶ (a) through (c), (d)(i) 
through (d)(iii) and (e)(A) through (e)(C)]. 
Amended by the Board March 16, 2022; effective May 3, 2022 [¶¶ (a)(i) through (a)(iv), (b)(i), 
(d)(ii) and (g)]. 


6-32 
MEMBER AND EMPLOYEE REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS 
Rule 6.40.  Service on Exchange Board and Certain Committees 
(a) Definitions. For purposes of the Rule: 
(1) "Self-Regulatory Organization" means a "Self-Regulatory Organization" as defined 
in CFTC regulation 1.3(e), and includes a "Clearing Organization" as defined in CFTC 
regulation 1.3(d), except as defined in subparagraph (b)(6) of this Rule. 
(2) "Disciplinary Committee" means any Person or panel empowered by a Self-
Regulatory Organization to bring disciplinary proceedings, to impose sanctions or to hear 
appeals thereof. 
(3) "Arbitration Panel" means any Person or panel empowered to arbitrate disputes 
under the Exchange's Arbitration Rules. 
 
(4) "Disciplinary Offense" means: 
(i) any violation of the rules of a Self-Regulatory Organization except those rules 
related to (A) decorum or attire, (B) financial requirements, or (C) reporting or record 
keeping unless resulting in fines aggregating more than five thousand dollars ($5,000) 
within any calendar year; 
(ii) any rule violation described in subparagraphs (a)(4)(i)(A) through (C) of this Rule 
which involves fraud, deceit or conversion or results in a suspension from membership 
or expulsion which (a) in the case of violations of the Rules, is imposed pursuant to a 
Settlement Agreement approved, or Final Decision of the Exchange rendered, by the 
Business Conduct Committee, the Executive Committee or the Board of Governors, and 
(b) in the case of violations of the rules of any other Self-Regulatory Organization, is 
imposed pursuant to a Settlement Agreement approved, or Final Decision rendered, by 
any Disciplinary Committee thereof; 
(iii) any violation of the Act or the regulations promulgated thereunder; or, 
(iv) any failure to exercise supervisory responsibility with respect to acts described in 
subparagraphs (a)(4)(i) through (iii) of this Rule when such failure is itself a violation of 
either the rules of a Self-Regulatory Organization, the Act or the regulations 
promulgated thereunder. 
(5) "Final Decision" means: 
(i) a decision of a Self-Regulatory Organization which cannot be further appealed 
within the Self-Regulatory Organization, is not subject to the stay of the CFTC or a 
court of competent jurisdiction, and has not been reversed by the CFTC or any court of 
competent jurisdiction; or, 
(ii) any decision by an administrative law judge, a court of competent jurisdiction or 
the CFTC which has not been stayed or reversed. 
(6) "Settlement Agreement" means any agreement whereby a Person consents to the 
imposition of sanctions by a court of competent jurisdiction, the CFTC, a Self-Regulatory 
Organization other than the Exchange and, in the case of the Exchange, any such 
agreement approved by the Business Conduct Committee or the Executive Committee. 
(b) A Person shall be ineligible to serve on the Board, any Disciplinary Committees, and any 
Arbitration Panels of the Exchange if any of the bases specified in Section 8a(2) of the Act as 
grounds for the Commission to refuse registration exists with respect to such Person. In addition, 


6-33 
a Person shall be ineligible to serve on the Board, any Disciplinary Committees and any 
Arbitration Panels if such Person: 
(1) was found within the prior three (3) years by a Final Decision of a Self-Regulatory 
Organization, an administrative law judge, a court of competent jurisdiction or the CFTC to have 
committed a Disciplinary Offense; 
(2) entered into a Settlement Agreement within the prior three (3) years in which any of 
the findings or, in the absence of such findings, any of the acts charged included a 
Disciplinary Offense; 
(3) currently is suspended from trading on any contract market, is suspended or expelled 
from membership with any Self-Regulatory Organization, is serving any sentence of 
probation or owes any portion of a fine imposed pursuant to either: 
(i) a finding by a Final Decision of a Self-Regulatory Organization, an administrative 
law judge, a court of competent jurisdiction or the CFTC that such Person committed a 
Disciplinary Offense; or, 
(ii) a Settlement Agreement in which any of the findings or, in the absence of such 
findings, any of the acts charged included a Disciplinary Offense; 
(4) currently is subject to an agreement with the CFTC or any Self-Regulatory 
Organization not to apply for registration with the CFTC or membership in any Self-
Regulatory Organization; 
(5) currently is subject to, or has had imposed on him within the prior three (3) years, a 
CFTC registration revocation or suspension in any capacity for any reason, or has been 
convicted within the prior three (3) years of any of the felonies listed in section 8a(2)(D) 
(ii) through (iv) of the Commodity Exchange Act; or 
(6) currently is subject to a denial, suspension or disqualification from serving on the 
disciplinary committee, arbitration panel or governing board of any self-regulatory 
organization as that term is defined in section 3(a)(26) of the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934. 
(c) Unless otherwise exempted by the Board, a Person shall be ineligible to serve on any 
Exchange Committee not listed in (b) above, for a period of three (3) years from the date the 
Person has been found guilty of rule violations or has settled charges related to, or arising from, 
Transactions on or subject to the Rules which have resulted in an expulsion, suspension, or a fine 
which equals or exceeds the maximum fine which may be imposed by the Business Conduct 
Committee or $25,000, whichever is less, except for rule violations related to decorum and attire. 
 
Amended by the Board December 5, 2022; effective December 15, 2022 [¶¶ (a)(6), (b) and (c)]. 
 
Rule 6.41. Reserved 
Rule 6.42.  Reserved 
Rule 6.43. Duties of Members With Respect to Option Transactions 
Each Member FCM which engages in the offer and sale of Options shall: 
(a) With respect to all written Option Customer complaints: 
(i) retain all such written complaints; and 
(ii) make and retain a record of the date the complaint was received, the associated person 
who serviced, or the introducing broker who introduced, the account, a general description of 
the matter complained of, and what, if any, action was taken by the Member in regard to the 
complaint. 


6-34 
(b) Adopt and enforce written procedures pursuant to which it will be able to supervise 
adequately each Option Customer's account, other than an Option Customer which is another 
FCM, including but not limited to, the solicitation of any such account. 
(c) Enforce the disclosure requirements set forth in CFTC regulations. 
(d) Not engage in fraudulent or high pressure sales communications relating to the offer or 
sale of Option Contracts traded on the Exchange. 
(e) Establish appropriate criteria which are reasonably designed to secure performance, upon 
exercise, of the Options. 
Rule 6.44. Anti-Money Laundering and Economic Sanctions Compliance 
(a) Each Member registered with the CFTC as a Futures Commission Merchant shall develop 
and implement a written compliance program approved in writing by senior management 
reasonably designed to achieve and monitor the Member’s compliance with the applicable 
requirements of the Bank Secrecy Act (31 U.S.C. 5311, et seq.), the International Emergency 
Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. § 1701 et seq.) (“IEEPA”), the Trading with the Enemy Act (50 
U.S.C. App. § 1 et seq.)(“TWEA”) and the Executive Orders and the implementing regulations 
promulgated thereunder, including regulations issued by the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the 
Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”) within the Department of the Treasury, and, as 
applicable, the CFTC. Such compliance program shall, at a minimum: 
(i) establish and implement policies, procedures and internal controls reasonably designed 
to assure compliance with the applicable provisions of the Bank Secrecy Act, IEPA, TWEA 
and all applicable Executive Orders and regulations issued thereunder; 
(ii) provide for independent testing for compliance to be conducted by the Member’s 
personnel or by a qualified outside party; 
(iii) designate an individual or individuals responsible for implementing and monitoring the 
day-to-day operations and internal controls of the program; and 
(iv) provide ongoing training for appropriate personnel. 
Members who are registered Futures Commission Merchants must also supervise and ensure that 
their guaranteed introducing brokers are in compliance with the provisions contained in this Rule. 
 
(b) The following  Persons (each, a “Sanctioned Party” or “Sanctioned Parties”) are not 
permitted to access the Exchange, whether directly or indirectly:  Persons that are (i) identified on 
the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List of OFAC (“Restricted Persons”), 
(ii) 50% or more owned by Restricted Persons, (iii) located in a country or territory subject to 
comprehensive economic sanctions administered by OFAC (“Restricted Country or Territory” or 
“Restricted Countries or Territories”), (iv) owned or controlled by the governments of Restricted 
Countries or Territories, (v) subject to OFAC restrictions where such restriction prohibits a 
specific activity which would in turn prohibit the Person from trading on the Exchange or settling 
a transaction at the Exchange,  (vi) subject to restrictions administered or imposed by a state or 
government authority authorized to issue economic sanctions and blocking measures that has 
jurisdiction over a Clearing Member (each, a “Sanctioning Body”) or (vii) acting on behalf of any 
of the foregoing. 
 
     (c) Unless permitted (either not restricted or specifically authorized) by OFAC and/or any 
Sanctioning Body, as applicable, a Clearing Member: 
 
    (i) that maintains, becomes aware that it maintains, or has documentary information that it 
maintains, positions  or carries an account actively trading on the Exchange for or on behalf 
of a Person that is, or becomes, a Sanctioned Party, shall immediately take steps to (A) cancel 
all direct and indirect access and authorizations issued to such Sanctioned Party and provide 


6-35 
written notice to the Chief Compliance Officer of Market Regulation of such cancellations, or 
(B) provide written instructions to the Exchange directing the Exchange to assist and 
coordinate in the cancellation of all access and authorizations for the Sanctioned Party at the 
Exchange as may be applicable; and 
 
(ii) may not accept as Margin from its account holders any debt or equity issued by 
Sanctioned Parties, assets in which Sanctioned Parties have any interest, or any other assets 
that are or would be subject to blocking restrictions or sectoral sanction restrictions imposed 
by OFAC or are subject to similar restrictions imposed by another Sanctioning Body.        
 
      (d) Clearing Members may only carry omnibus accounts for entities that have received a 
notice from the Clearing Member (A) expressly prohibiting the omnibus account from acting for 
customers of the Exchange, directly or indirectly, that are Sanctioned Parties and (B) requiring it 
to send a similar notice to its omnibus account customers. 
 
Amended by the Board February 10, 2016; effective February 29, 2016 [¶¶ (b) through (d)]. 
Amended by the Board March 24, 2016; effective April 12, 2016 [¶¶ (a) through (b)] 
 
Rule 6.45. Deliveries in Bankruptcy Situation 
(a) For purposes of this rule: 
(i) The term "Carrying Clearing Member" shall mean a Clearing Member which carries 
an account for Customers of a debtor on an omnibus basis. 
(ii) The term "Customer" shall mean any Person for whom a Member carries an 
Exchange Futures Contract. 
(iii) The term "Debtor" shall mean any Member with respect to which an order for relief 
is entered under the Bankruptcy Code. 
(iv) The term "Notice of Delivery" shall include a transferable notice in the case of 
Cocoa, Coffee, Cotton or FCOJ and a "Memo of Deliverer" in the case of Sugar.  
(v) The term "Order for Relief" means the filing of a petition in bankruptcy in a 
voluntary case and the adjudication of bankruptcy in an involuntary case. 
(vi) The term "Tender" with respect to a Notice of Delivery shall mean: 
(A) in the case of a Customer who is short, the presentation of such notice by a 
Clearing Member on behalf of such Customer to the Clearing Organization and the 
assignment of such notice (or, in the case of Sugar, the issuance of a Multiple Delivery 
Notice including Sugar covered by such notice) by the Clearing Organization to a long 
Clearing Member; and 
(B) in the case of a Customer who is long, the acceptance by a Debtor of such notice 
(or, in the case of Sugar, of a Multiple Delivery Notice including Sugar covered by such 
notice) from the Clearing Organization or a Carrying Clearing Member, unless such 
notice is transferred within the time permitted under the Rules or the Clearing 
Organization Rules, and the allocation of such notice to such Customer by the Debtor. 
(b) This Rule shall apply only in the event and under the circumstances set forth in paragraph 
(c) hereof, and only in the event that the opposite Clearing Member referred to in said paragraph 
(c) is not itself a Debtor. 
(c) Any provision of the Rules or the Clearing Organization Rules to the contrary 
notwithstanding, in the event that any Member becomes a Debtor, and that at that time such 
Member carries for a Customer any Exchange Futures Contract in the current delivery month 


6-36 
with respect to which the underlying physical commodity has not become a part of the Debtor's 
estate on the date of the entry of the Order for Relief, and with respect to which: 
(i) Trading has ceased on the date of the entry of the Order for Relief; or 
(ii) Notice of Delivery has been tendered on or before the date of the entry of the Order 
for Relief; or 
(iii) Trading ceases before such Exchange Futures Contract can be liquidated by the 
trustee of the Debtor's estate; 
then, any Customer for whose account such Debtor is holding any such Exchange Futures 
Contract, and for whom or to whom a Notice of Delivery has been tendered, shall make delivery 
of and receive payment for, or receive delivery of and make payment for, the physical commodity 
as required to fulfill such contract as follows: 
(A) If the Debtor is a Clearing Member, directly with any opposite Clearing Member 
that tendered a Notice of Delivery that has been allocated by the Debtor to such 
Customer, or any opposite Clearing Member to which any Notice of Delivery issued by 
or on behalf of such Customer has been tendered, and such opposite Clearing Member 
shall receive delivery of and make payment for, or make delivery of and receive 
payment for, such commodity in accordance with the Rules and Clearing Organization 
Rules; 
(B) If the Debtor is not a Clearing Member, through the Carrying Clearing Member 
that carried the Customer's account as part of an omnibus account for the Debtor, in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (d); 
provided, however, that in lieu of making and taking delivery any such Customer and any such 
opposite Clearing Member may settle any such contract in any manner permitted under the Rules 
and Clearing Organization Rules. 
(d) Each Customer of a Debtor that is not a Clearing Member, who seeks to make or take 
delivery under any Exchange Futures Contract pursuant to this Rule, shall deliver written 
notification to the Carrying Clearing Member of the Debtor not later than noon on the second 
(2nd) Business Day following the date of the entry of the Order for Relief with respect to such 
Debtor advising such Carrying Clearing Member that such Customer is seeking to make or take 
delivery pursuant to this Rule. Upon the delivery of such notification, such Customer shall 
assume all of the obligations of the Debtor to the Carrying Clearing Member and the opposite 
Clearing Member with respect to such Exchange Futures Contract, and: 
(i) if such Customer is seeking to make delivery in fulfillment of such Exchange Futures 
Contract, such notification shall be accompanied by: 
(A) proof (satisfactory to the Carrying Clearing Member in its absolute discretion) 
that a Notice of Delivery has been tendered on behalf of such Customer; and 
(B) such EWRs, warehouse receipts, shipping or other certificates, instruments and 
documents as are required pursuant to the Rules and the Clearing Organization Rules to 
make delivery in fulfillment of such Exchange Futures Contract (in the case of Cocoa, 
Coffee, Cotton or FCOJ), or proof (satisfactory to the Carrying Clearing Member in its 
absolute discretion) of the Customer's capability to make delivery in accordance with 
the Rules and the Clearing Organization Rules (in the case of Sugar or Ethanol). 
(ii) if such Customer is seeking to take delivery in fulfillment of such Exchange Futures 
Contract, such notification shall be accompanied by: 
(A) a copy of the Notice of Delivery (in the case of Cocoa, Coffee, Cotton or FCOJ) 
or Multiple Delivery Notice (in the case of Sugar or Ethanol) which had been accepted 
by the Debtor and allocated (in whole or in part) by the Debtor to the Customer, 


6-37 
together with proof (satisfactory to the Carrying Clearing Member in its absolute 
discretion) of such allocation; and 
(B) the Customer's Official Teller’s check issued by a New York bank and made 
payable to the order of the Carrying Clearing Member in an amount equal to 102% of 
the full amount payable on the delivery of a commodity in the case of Coffee, Ethanol 
and Sugar, 101% of the full amount payable on delivery of the commodity in the case of 
Cocoa and 100% of the full amount payable on delivery of the commodity in the case of 
Cotton and FCOJ, in each case subject to final adjustment based on the quantity and 
quality of the commodity actually delivered. 
(iii) The Carrying Clearing Member, as a condition to permitting the Customer to make 
or take delivery pursuant to this Rule, may require such Customer to execute and deliver 
to the Carrying Clearing Member a customer agreement and such other new account 
forms as such Carrying Clearing Member normally requires from its Customers. 
(iv) If a Customer has fully complied with the provisions of this paragraph (d), the 
Carrying Clearing Member, on behalf of the Customer, shall consummate the delivery. 
(v) If, prior to the time when delivery is required to be consummated pursuant to the 
Rules and the Clearing Organization Rules, the Customer does not notify the Carrying 
Clearing Member as required in subparagraph (i), or if the Customer fails or refuses 
timely to comply with the provisions of this paragraph (d), the Carrying Clearing Member 
shall have no further obligation or liability to such Customer or the Debtor in connection 
with such delivery. 
(e) The making or taking of delivery or payment with respect to any Exchange Futures 
Contract in accordance with paragraph (c) or (d) shall discharge in full the obligations of such 
Customer and such opposite Clearing Member to the Debtor with respect thereto, but shall not 
discharge the Debtor from any of its obligations with respect to such Exchange Futures Contract 
except to the extent that such delivery or payment is made. 
(f) Nothing contained in this Rule shall relieve any Customer of its obligation to make or take 
delivery under any Exchange Futures Contract for the sole reason that delivery must be made to 
or taken from a commodity broker which is a Debtor. 
Rule 6.46.  Business Gifts, Meals and Entertainment  
(a) Exchange employees shall be subject to the Exchange’s policies and procedures regarding 
the acceptance of any gift, compensation or gratuity. 
(b) An Exchange employee who receives a gift, compensation or gratuity from any Member, 
Exchange vendor or any other Person transacting business with the Exchange, shall report such 
fact as required by Exchange’s policies and procedures. 
Amended by the Board June 21, 2023; effective July 31, 2023 [¶¶ (a) and (b)]. 
 
Rule 6.47.  Exchange Disclosure and Trading Policy 
(a) Definitions: For purposes of this Rule, the terms “employee”, “material information”, 
“non-public information” and “commodity interest” have the meanings ascribed to them in 
Commission regulation 1.59.  
(b) No governing Board member, committee member, employee or consultant of the 
Exchange shall (i) trade for such person’s own account, or for or on behalf of any other account, 
in any commodity interest, on the basis of any material, non-public information obtained through 
special access related to the performance of such person’s official duties as a governing Board 
member, committee member, employee or consultant of the Exchange, or (ii) disclose for any 
purpose inconsistent with the performance of such person’s official duties as a governing Board 


6-38 
member, committee member, employee or consultant of the Exchange, any material, non-public 
information obtained through special access related to the performance of such duties. 
Amended by the Board July 8, 2009; effective July 13, 2009 [¶¶ (a)(2) and (c)(2)]. 
Amended by the Board June 11, 2015; effective June 26, 2015 [¶¶ (a) and (b)]. 
Amended by the Board December 14, 2022; effective December 31, 2022 {¶(b)]. 
Rule 6.48. Conflict With Government Regulations 
Any United States Government regulations, orders or decrees affecting performance of either 
buyer or seller under the Rules shall take precedence over the Rules and in the event of conflict 
between the Rules and Government regulations, orders or decrees, the Government regulations, 
orders or decrees shall prevail. Neither buyer nor seller shall be responsible one to the other for 
delay or lack of performance hereunder resulting from compliance with such Government 
regulations, orders or decrees and each shall cooperate fully with the other in endeavoring to 
comply with such Government regulations, orders or decrees. 
 
Rule 6.49. Stamp Tax 
If at any time a stamp tax shall be imposed by law upon Transactions on the Exchange, no 
such Transactions shall be valid unless the applicable laws or regulations relating to stamp taxes 
shall have been complied with. 
 
Rule 6.50. Disclosure of Information; Trade Data and Personal Data 
(a)The Exchange shall not disclose any information regarding the financial condition or any 
Transaction, Positions, or market operations of any Member or Customer to any Person, except:  
(i) to any committee, officer, employee or agent of the Exchange authorized to receive such 
information within the scope of its or his duties;  
(ii) to any Clearing Organization; 
(iii) to any third party performing a service for the Exchange, provided that such party has 
executed a confidentiality and non-disclosure agreement in a form approved by the Exchange; 
(iv) to any duly authorized representative of the CFTC lawfully requesting the same;  
(v) as may be required by legal process or by law; 
(vi) as the Exchange may deem necessary or appropriate in connection with any litigation 
affecting it or the Clearing Organization;  
(vii) in a manner in which the Member or Customer consents to such disclosure;  
(viii) pursuant to the terms of an information sharing agreement with a regulatory or self-
regulatory body which has been approved by the President; and 
 
(ix) to any other Person, if, and to the extent that the Board, from time to time, may deem 
appropriate. 
 
 
(b) Subject to each market participant’s rights with respect to its own data, the Exchange shall 
own all rights, title and interest, database rights and trade secret rights in and to all trade data and 
related information submitted in connection with trading on the Exchange and which is not 
collected or received for the purpose of fulfilling regulatory obligations of the Exchange.  The 
Exchange has the exclusive right to use, distribute, sub-license, disclose and sell anonymized 
trade data and derivative works in any manner, media and jurisdiction.  Market participants shall 


6-39 
not redistribute trade data or derivative works based thereon unless licensed by the Exchange.  
The restriction on redistribution shall not apply to a market participant’s own data.  Market 
participants with Direct Access to the ETS pursuant to Rule 4.08 shall execute such agreements 
as may be required by the Exchange or its Affiliates relating to the receipt and use of Exchange 
trade data.  Market participants with Direct Access to the ETS pursuant to Rule 4.08 shall execute 
such agreements as may be required by the Exchange or its Affiliates relating to the receipt and 
use of Exchange trade data. 
 
 
(c)  Proprietary data or personal information collected or received by the Exchange for the 
purpose of fulfilling regulatory obligations (“Regulatory Data”) shall not be disclosed publicly 
other than on an aggregated or anonymized basis, or in a manner that does not directly or 
indirectly identify any market participant who has submitted such data. Regulatory Data may not 
be used by the Exchange for business and marketing purposes unless the market participant has 
clearly consented to the use of such data in such manner. Access to the Exchange shall not be 
conditioned upon a market participant’s consent to the use of Regulatory Data for business or 
marketing purposes.  Nothing in this Rule shall preclude the Exchange from disclosing 
Regulatory Data pursuant to paragraph (a) above.  
 
 
(d) Treatment of Personal Data relating to Individuals in the European Union: 
 
(i) For the purpose of this paragraph, the terms "Process" (and derivations thereof), "Personal 
Data", "Data Subject" and "Controller" shall have the meaning given to such terms in the General 
Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 and the term “Member” includes market participants, 
whether or not they have become members of the Exchange.  
(ii) For the purpose of this paragraph, the term “Member/User Privacy Notice” means the 
document setting forth how the Exchange will use any Personal Data (as defined in the General 
Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679) received concerning Members, and other users.  
(iii) The Exchange is a Controller with respect to Personal Data provided to it by Members, 
their clients and representatives and may collect and use Personal Data for the purposes of 
fulfilling contractual obligations and operating in accordance with Exchange Rules, CFTC 
regulations and the Act.  
(iv) Each Member shall ensure that: in respect of any Personal Data that it provides to the 
Exchange it has a lawful basis for processing the relevant Personal Data in this manner.  
 


6-40 
(v)  Each Member and the Exchange:  
(A) 
acknowledges that the recording of conversations between the trading, clearing and 
other relevant personnel of the Member and/or its affiliates and the Exchange in 
connection with the Rules and any Contract, potential Contract, or Transaction will 
take place to the extent permitted or required under applicable laws;  
(B) 
agrees, to the extent permitted by applicable law, that recordings may be submitted 
as evidence in any dispute;  
(C) 
acknowledges that the other provisions of this paragraph shall apply to any such 
recordings made by the Exchange; and 
(D) 
consents to such disclosures being made in accordance with Exchange Rules and as 
required under applicable laws including, without limitation, CFTC regulations and 
the Act. 
Adopted by the Board April 11, 2007; effective April 16, 2007.   
Amended by the Board March 17, 2010; effective March 22, 2010 [¶¶ (c) through (i)]. 
Amended by the Board May 18, 2015; effective June 17, 2015 [¶¶ (a) through (c)]. 
Amended by the Board May 10, 2018; effective May 25, 2018 [¶¶ (d) through (v)(D)].\ 
Amended by the Board September 8, 2023; effective September 25, 2023 [¶ (b)]. 
 
6.51 
PRIIPs Restrictions 
(a) 
Effective January 1, 2018, no Person shall advise on, offer, sell, distribute or otherwise 
make available any Commodity Contract to, or clear any Commodity Contracts on behalf 
of, any EEA Retail Investor, unless: 
(i) 
for Commodity Contracts offered to EEA Retail Investors in EEA Member 
States where English is an official language or where the Exchange has 
produced a translated KID in an official language of that EEA Member State: 
the KID has been timely provided to the EEA Retail Investor by such Person or 
other intermediary in accordance with the PRIIPs Regulation before such EEA 
Retail Investor is bound by any contract or offer relating to a Commodity 
Contract; or 
(ii) 
for Commodity Contracts offered to EEA Retail Investors in any other EEA 
Member States: a key information document (which may be faithfully and 
accurately translated from the KID  or otherwise produced in an official 
language of the EEA Member State in which the EEA Retail Investor is 
located) has been timely provided to such EEA Retail Investor by such Person 
or other intermediary in accordance with the PRIIPs Regulation before the EEA 
Retail Investor is bound by any contract or offer relating to a Commodity 
Contract. 
(b) 
Persons whose clients offer Commodity Contracts to EEA Retail Investors must provide 
written notification to such clients of the restrictions in this Rule regarding dealings with 
EEA Retail Investors. 


6-41 
(c) 
The Exchange will only produce and publish English language KIDs and translated KIDs 
in   such other languages determined by the Exchange at its sole discretion from time to 
time (“Specified Languages”). As a result:  
(i) 
the Exchange will not be responsible for producing, publishing or providing 
EEA Retail Investors with KIDs in any other official language of an EEA 
Member State in which an EEA Retail Investor is located nor for ensuring that 
any applicable requirements under the PRIIPs Regulation have been satisfied 
for any local language key information document produced by any other 
Persons; and 
(ii) 
the Exchange is not a ‘manufacturer’ of any Commodity Contract for purposes 
of the PRIIPs Regulation with respect to any offer to any EEA Member State 
other than those in which English is an official language or otherwise where a 
translated KID in a Specified Language is published on its website; and 
accordingly, any Person offering such products in such EEA Member State will 
itself be the ‘manufacturer’ for purposes of the PRIIPs Regulation, since 
Commodity Contracts for which no such translation is provided are not 
intended by the Exchange for distribution to EEA Retail Investors in such EEA 
Member States;  
(iii) 
any Person which produces and makes available to EEA Retail Investors any 
local language key information documents for Commodity Contracts in any 
language or format that has not been produced and published by the Exchange 
agrees to indemnify the Exchange for any losses or liabilities suffered by the 
Exchange as a result of such Person publishing and making available to such 
EEA Retail Investors such key information documents which are misleading or 
inaccurate or are inconsistent with: (A) the English language KID  produced by 
the Exchange  for that Commodity Contract (or any revised versions of the 
same); (B) the relevant parts of any legally binding pre-contractual and 
contractual documents; or (C) the requirements of Article 8 of the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
(d)   
To the extent permitted under the PRIIPs Regulation, the Exchange undertakes no duty of 
care for the contents of any KIDs and makes no warranty, representation or undertaking 
as to the accuracy of any KID.  The Exchange has not considered the specific 
circumstances of any EEA Retail Investor or any other Person. Persons offering 
Commodity Contracts are responsible for verifying whether the KIDs produced by the 
Exchange are sufficient for their purposes or their clients' purposes, for adding any 
further disclosures as may be required for their clients and for assessing the 
appropriateness for their clients of any Commodity Contracts. 
(e) 
In this Rule, the following words and expressions shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, have the following meanings: 
"EEA Retail Investor" 
means a retail investor as defined in Article 4(6) of the PRIIPs 
Regulation who is located in a Member State of the European 
Economic Area.  
“KID” 
means the key information document drafted by the Exchange 
(including 
any 
non-English 
language 
translated 
version  


6-42 
produced by the Exchange at its discretion) and published on its 
website (including any revised versions produced by the 
Exchange from time to time) for a Commodity Contract for 
purposes of facilitating compliance with the PRIIPs Regulation. 
The KIDs (and any revised versions) published by the Exchange 
can be found on the Exchange's website. 
"PRIIPs Regulation" 
means Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 2014 on key 
information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based 
investment products (PRIIPs), as amended from time to time, 
together with any regulatory technical standards adopted by the 
European Commission pursuant thereto from time to time. 
Adopted by the Board December1, 2017; effective January 1, 2018. 
 
Resolution No. 1 - Position Limit/Accountability Table for Index Contracts 
 
The position limit/accountability levels applicable to Index Contracts shall be found here: 
 
https://www.theice.com/publicdocs/futures_us_reports/all/IFUS_Position_Limits_Accounta
bility_and_Reportable_Levels_for_Non-Energy_Products.xlsx 
 
Adopted by the Board June 23, 2021; effective September 13, 2021.  


7-1 
ICE Futures U.S.®, Inc. 
LICENSING RULES 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Rule 
Subject 
 
7.00 
 
Scope of Chapter 
7.01 
Parties Subject to Licensing 
7.02 
Individual Licensees 
7.03 
Firm Licensees 
7.04 
License and eCOPS® Participant and EWR Provider Agreements 
7.05 
Graders 
7.06 
Master Samplers  
7.07 
Weighmasters/Weighers 
7.08 
Warehouse and Tank Facility Operators 
7.09 
Application 
7.10 
Granting of License; Denial; Licensed Stores 
7.11 
Conditions for Denial 
7.12 
Fees 
7.13 
Term of License; Renewals 
7.14 
Responsibility for Employees 
7.15 
Recordkeeping  
7.16 
Duty to Notify 
7.17 
Suspensions, Cancellations and other Restrictions 
7.18 
Voluntary Cancellation 
7.19 
Effect of Expiration, Suspension, or Cancellation of the License of a Licensed Store or Tank 
Facility 
7.20 
Compliance with Rules 
7.21 
Power to Compel Testimony 
7.22 
Expenses of Lawsuits Brought Against the Exchange by Licensees 
7.23 
Arbitration 
7.24 
Confidentiality of Information 
7.25 
Special Committee 
 
 
 
  
LICENSING APPENDIX  
No. 
 
 
1. Licensing Appendix—Schedule of License Fees 
 
 
 


7-2 
ICE FUTURES U.S.®, INC. 
LICENSING RULES 
Rule 7.00. Scope of Chapter 
 
The Rules of this Chapter govern the licensing of individuals and Firms engaged in the storage, 
grading and handling of cocoa, coffee, cotton, sugar and frozen concentrated orange juice (“FCOJ”) for 
deliveries pursuant to the Exchange’s Cocoa, Coffee “C”®, Cotton No. 2®, Sugar No. 16 and FCOJ 
Futures Contracts. 
 
Adopted by the Board April 15, 2009; effective April 24, 2009. 
Amended by the Board November 11, 2009; effective November 16, 2009. 
 
Rule 7.01. Parties Subject to Licensing 
Any individual or Firm engaged in handling or storing Commodities for deliveries pursuant to a 
Commodity Contract as a grader, master sampler, weighmaster, warehouse or tank facility operator shall 
be licensed by the Exchange; provided, however, that no Exchange license shall be required with respect 
to the handling of sugar under the Sugar No. 11® Futures Contract. Each such individual or Firm shall 
execute such agreements as the Exchange may prescribe from time to time with respect to the handling 
and storage of Commodities for delivery pursuant to the Rules.  In order to be licensed as a warehouse or 
tank facility operator, such warehouse or tank facility operator must own or lease space which is licensed 
by the Exchange as suitable for the storage of Commodities in the applicable designated delivery points 
and have the capacity, equipment and ability to store, handle and deliver the Commodity for which the 
operator is licensed; provided, however, that no wharf warehouses located in the Port of New Orleans 
shall be Licensed for the storage of Exchange Coffee. 
Amended by the Board April 15, 2009; effective April 24, 2009. 
Amended by the Board June 21, 2023; effective July 31, 2023. 
Rule 7.02. Individual Licensees 
(a) To be eligible for an Exchange license as a classifier or grader, an applicant must be a natural 
Person at least 18 years of age, of good character and commercial standing and comply with any 
applicable local, state or federal requirements. 
(b) An applicant for a license as a coffee grader must have a minimum of five (5) years experience in 
the coffee trade and at least five (5) years of actual grading experience. 
(c) An applicant for a license as a cocoa grader must have a minimum of three (3) years of experience 
in the cocoa industry. Any independent licensed sampler or licensed cocoa warehouse personnel shall be 
eligible as a licensed cocoa grader. 
Amended by the Board April 15, 2009; effective April 24, 2009 [¶ (c)]. 
Amended by the Board May 20, 2010; effective May 25, 2010 [¶ (c)]. 
Amended by the Board September 25, 2013; effective October 31, 2013 [¶ (c)]. 
Rule 7.03. Firm Licensees 
To be eligible for an Exchange license as a master sampler, warehouse, tank facility or weighmaster, 
an applicant must be a Firm of good commercial standing authorized to do business in any jurisdiction 
where the nature of its activities so requires and comply with any applicable laws, customs and other 


7-3 
requirements of each jurisdiction in which the Firm is located, operates Licensed Stores or otherwise 
conducts business. 
Amended by the Board April 15, 2009; effective April 24, 2009. 
Rule 7.04. License and eCOPS® Participant and EWR Provider Agreements 
To be eligible for an Exchange license, an applicant must execute: 
(a) an agreement, in the form prescribed by the Exchange, agreeing therein to be subject to: 
(1) the Rules, including specifically, the applicability of the Arbitration Rules to the resolution of 
any controversy between a Licensee and a Member as the same are in effect from time to time; and 
(2) the jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York and the applicability of the laws of the 
State of New York to all disputes between the Licensee and the Exchange; and 
(b) with respect to Exchange Cocoa, Coffee, Sugar No. 16 and FCOJ, the applicable eCOPS 
Participant Agreement; or 
(c) with respect to Exchange Cotton, provider agreements with an electronic warehouse receipt 
(“EWR”) provider. 
 
Amended by the Board April 15, 2009; effective April 24, 2009 [¶¶ (b) and (c)]. 
Amended by the Board November 11, 2009; effective November 16, 2009 [¶(b)]. 
Rule 7.05. Graders 
To be eligible for an Exchange license as a grader, an applicant must: 
(a) pass such grading test ("original grading test") as may be authorized, from time to time, by the 
Exchange; provided, however, that the Exchange may, in its discretion, waive the testing requirement for 
good cause shown; 
(b) provide proof acceptable to the Exchange of sufficient knowledge, training and experience in the 
field of grading; and 
(c) in order to maintain the Exchange license as a grader, a coffee grader is required to: 
(i) pass, every five (5) years, a maintenance grading test authorized by the Exchange and 
administered by a panel of three (3) or more individuals designated by the Board of Coffee Graders;  
(ii) attend, every two (2) years, a seminar on latest developments in the coffee industry as 
authorized by the Exchange and conducted by one (1) or more individuals designated by the Board of 
Coffee Graders; and 
(iii) grade coffee at least two times during the annual license term with a minimum of 60 days 
between any two gradings. 
(d) in order to maintain the Exchange license as a grader, a cocoa grader is required to: 
    (i) grade cocoa a minimum of at least two times during the annual license term with a minimum of 
60 days between any two gradings; and 
    (ii) attend, every two (2) years, a seminar on latest developments in the cocoa industry as 
authorized by the Exchange and conducted by one (1) or more individuals designated by the Board of 
Cocoa Graders. 
(e)(i) The license of a coffee grader who fails to meet the requirements set forth in subparagraph 
(c)(i), (ii) and (iii) of this Rule shall be canceled by the Exchange as prescribed in Rule 7.17. 


7-4 
(ii) A coffee grader who fails to pass the maintenance grading test must pass the original grading 
test in order to be eligible for an Exchange license. 
(iii) A coffee grader who fails to attend the seminar prescribed in subparagraph (c)(ii) of this Rule 
must attend such seminar to be eligible for an Exchange license. 
(f) The license of a cocoa grader who fails to meet the requirement set forth in paragraph (d) of this 
Rule shall be canceled by the Exchange as prescribed in Rule 7.17. 
Adopted by the Board April 15, 2009; effective April 20, 2009. 
Amended by the Board May 23, 2012; effective July 9, 2012 [¶ (d)]. 
Amended by the Board September 29, 2016; effective October 18, 2016 [¶¶ (c)(ii) and (d)(i)]. 
Amended by the Board April 22, 2019; effective May 31, 2019 [¶¶ (a), (b), (c)(i) and (ii), (d)(ii), (e)(i) 
through (e)(iii) and (f). 
Rule 7.06. Master Samplers 
(a) To be eligible for an Exchange license as an Exchange Cocoa, Sugar or Coffee master sampler, an 
applicant must: 
(i) have executed an eCOPS Participant Agreement and have access to and be able to use eCOPS; 
and 
(ii) provide proof acceptable to the Exchange of sufficient knowledge, training and experience in 
the field of sampling. Applicants must also register with the Exchange the names of all those 
individuals it shall employ as samplers to perform Exchange sampling duties, provide any 
background information for such individuals and/or the applicant deemed necessary by the Exchange 
to address potential conflicts of interest in the performance of sampling duties and shall attest to each 
individual's knowledge, training and experience in the field of sampling. Master samplers shall be 
responsible for the acts of all such individuals and shall immediately notify the Exchange of any 
additions to or deletions from such required listing. 
 
Adopted by the Board April 15, 2009; effective April 20, 2009. 
Amended by the Board November 11, 2009; effective November 16, 2009 [¶ (a)]. 
Amended by the Board December 15, 2011; effective January 9, 2012 [¶ (a)(ii)]. 
Amended by the Board September 14, 2015; effective November 2, 2015 commencing with the May 2016 
Contract. 
Amended by the Board April 22, 2019; effective May 31, 2019 [¶¶ (a)(ii)]. 
Rule 7.07. Weighmasters/Weighers 
(a) To be eligible for an Exchange license as an Exchange Cocoa, Sugar or Coffee weighmaster, an 
applicant must: 
(i) have executed an eCOPS Participant Agreement and have access to and be able to use eCOPS; 
and 
(ii) provide proof acceptable to the Exchange of sufficient knowledge, training and experience in 
the field of weighing. Applicants must also register with the Exchange the names of all those 
individuals it shall employ to perform Exchange weighing duties and shall attest to each such 
individual's knowledge, training and experience in the field of weighing the related commodity. 
Weighmasters shall be responsible for the acts of all such individuals and shall immediately notify the 
Exchange of any additions to or deletions from such required listing. 
 
Adopted by the Board April 15, 2009; effective April 24, 2009. 
Amended by the Board November 11, 2009; effective November 16, 2009 [¶ (a)]. 


7-5 
Amended by the Board September 14, 2015; effective November 2, 2015 commencing with the May 2016 
Contract. 
Amended by the Board April 22, 2019; effective May 31, 2019 [¶¶ (a)(ii)]. 
Rule 7.08. Warehouse and Tank Facility Operators  
To be eligible for an Exchange license or renewal thereof, a warehouse operator must: 
(a) be registered at all times with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration as a “Food Facility” or 
“Foreign Food Facility, as applicable, (except in the case of a cotton warehouse operator), and meet all 
applicable laws, customs and other requirements of each jurisdiction in which the Firm is located, 
operates any Exchange licensed warehouse or tank facility or otherwise conducts business and all 
applicable laws and requirements of any government agency governing the operations of such licensed 
warehouse or tank facility; 
 (i) if, at any time, any Exchange licensed warehouse or tank facility operator becomes aware that 
the laws of the jurisdiction, in which any Exchange licensed warehouse or tank facility is located, 
conflict, or are likely to conflict, with the requirements of the Rules, the warehouse or tank facility 
operator shall immediately notify the Exchange. In the event of a conflict, the Exchange shall 
determine whether, in its reasonable opinion, the conflict is reconcilable with the Rules and shall 
determine in its absolute discretion what action, if any, to take. If the Exchange determines in its sole 
discretion that the conflict will not immediately prejudice the warehouse or tank facility operator 
from complying with the Rules, the Exchange shall, without prejudice to its rights and powers under 
the Rules, consult with the warehouse or tank facility operator as to what, if any, remedial action to 
take. 
(b) submit to the Exchange proof in a form acceptable to the Exchange of the following minimum 
insurance or bond coverage and maintain such coverage in effect at all times during the term of the 
license and/or as otherwise specified by the Exchange, as follows: 
 (i) for cocoa and coffee warehouse operators, 
(A)(1) Outstanding performance bond coverage or an unconditional irrevocable letter of credit 
from a financial institution approved by the Exchange (an "Approved Financial Institution") in the 
amount of at least the following: 
Amount 
Exchange Licensed Storage Space 
 
$125,000 
Up to 100,000 Sq. Ft. 
$200,000 
100,001 through 250,000 Sq. Ft. 
$300,000 
250,001 through 500,000 Sq. Ft. 
$500,000 
500,001 through 750,000 Sq. Ft.   
$750,000 
750,001 through 1,000,000 Sq. Ft 
$1,000,000 
1,000,001 Sq. and above 
 
(2) Any performance bond or irrevocable letter of credit submitted to satisfy the requirements 
of subparagraph (a)(i)(A)(1), above, must be issued or confirmed by an Approved Financial 
Institution, and be in such form as may be prescribed by the Exchange from time to time; 
(B) Outstanding fidelity insurance coverage in the amount of at least one hundred thousand 
dollars ($100,000); and 


7-6 
(C) Outstanding warehouse operator's legal liability insurance coverage which is in the amount of 
at least seven hundred fifty thousand dollars ($750,000) for each location where one (1) or more 
buildings containing a Licensed Store are situated and which provides for coverage for each Licensed 
Store. 
(ii) for cotton warehouse operators, 
(A) a performance bond or letter of credit with satisfactory sureties in the amount of at least $1 
for each certified bale that the operator can store capped at one million dollars ($1,000,000) and 
subject to such conditions as shall be acceptable to the Exchange and satisfactory evidence of the 
existence of such bond and of its continuance in force during the term of the license; provided, 
however, that a cotton warehouse operator located outside of the U.S. may deposit with the 
Exchange a cash bond in place of such performance bond or letter of credit with respect to cotton 
warehouses located outside of the U.S., subject to such conditions as shall be acceptable to the 
Exchange; 
 
(B) All Risk-Policies which insure the value of certificated bales against the loss or damage by 
sprinkler malfunction, fire, lightning, windstorm, cyclone, tornado, hurricane, flood including 
influx or rising water (whether wind driven or not) or inherent explosion and other risk (whether an 
act of God or force majeure), and which automatically attach as soon as such cotton is placed in the 
warehouse operator’s custody and remains in effect so long as the cotton remains in the warehouse 
operator’s legal custody; 
 
(1) for the purposes of subparagraph (b)(ii)(B) of this Rule, the term “value of the certificated 
cotton” shall mean no less than the value determined in accordance with Rule 10.22 with the 
value date being the date the damage to the certificated bales occurred; provided, however, that if 
such damage occurs on a weekend or holiday, the value date shall be the preceding Business Day; 
and 
(2) in the event that the amount of any loss or damage sustained by the owner of the certificated 
bale(s) is not payable, or is not payable in full, by the insurer by reason of any deductible set forth 
in any such policy or otherwise, the warehouse operator will promptly pay such amount.  
(C) outstanding fidelity insurance coverage in the amount of at least one hundred thousand dollars 
($100,000). 
(iii) for FCOJ tank facility operators, 
(A) Property Insurance 
(1) All-Risk policies which insure the full value of the FCOJ stored at the tank facility for the 
benefit of the holder of an EWR issued by the tank facility operator against the perils covered in 
an All Risk Policy; 
(2) said All Risk Policies shall be in effect at each licensed tank facility for which it is licensed 
and continue in full force and effect with respect to the interests of the holders of EWRs for the 
term of each such policy and shall be renewed or replaced for such period that any of said EWRs 
are outstanding, and that the Exchange is named in such policies as either an insured party or loss 
payee with regard to FCOJ for which EWRs have been issued; 
(3) the amount of insurance coverage provided in each such All-Risk Policies will at all times 
be in an amount adequate to fully cover the interests of the holders of EWRs, either by 
maintaining overall limits adequate to cover all insured property at each licensed tank facility, or 
by providing a specific separate policy limit with respect to the interests of holders of EWRs 
which limit is sufficient to fully cover such interests; 


7-7 
(4) in the event that any loss or damage is paid in full or in part to the licensed facility by the 
insurer, such payment, in preference to any and all other claims, shall be assigned first to any and 
all claims for FCOJ for which an EWR has been issued; 
(5) in the event that any loss or damage sustained by a holder of an EWR is not payable, or is 
not payable in full, by the insurer, by reason of any deductible set forth in any such policy, or 
otherwise, the facility operator will promptly pay such amount; and 
(6) if requested by any holder of an EWR issued by the tank facility operator, furnish evidence 
of the All-Risk Policies in effect; 
(B) legal liability insurance in the amount of seven hundred fifty thousand dollars ($750,000) for 
each location and fidelity insurance in the amount of one hundred thousand ($100,000)  in such 
form and in such amount as shall be approved by the Exchange; and 
 (C) Performance Bond: Letter of Credit. Limitation of Issuance of EWRs 
(1) a performance bond with a principal amount of one million dollars ($1,000,000); or 
(2) a letter of credit, in favor of the Exchange which is unconditional and irrevocable and 
available to be drawn upon by the Exchange by clean sight drafts, in the amount of one million 
dollars ($1,000,000). 
(3) any performance bond or irrevocable letter of credit submitted to satisfy the requirements of 
subparagraphs (a)(i)(C)(1) or (2), above, must be issued in such form as may be prescribed by the 
Exchange from time to time, and shall not expire until the thirty-first (31st) day of December 
occurring next following the effective date of the granting or renewal of the license. 
(D) Alternate Compliance 
(1) In the event that the Exchange licensed tank facility operator is not also the owner of the facility, 
the Licensee may notify the Exchange that in fulfilling its insurance and financial requirement 
standards under these Rules it is relying on an unlimited guarantee in a form satisfactory to the 
Exchange from the owner of the tank facility and/or insurance purchased by the owner of the tank 
facility; provided, however, that nothing in this alternative compliance arrangement shall be deemed 
to lessen the duties of a Licensee under the Rules.  
(2) Any licensed tank facility in meeting Working Capital, net worth and letter of credit (but 
not performance bond) requirements may provide substituted compliance by an Affiliate of the 
licensed tank facility provided that such Affiliate executes and delivers an unconditional 
guarantee in such form and with such safeguards as are satisfactory to the Exchange. 
(c) with respect to an application to store Cocoa, hold a valid Cocoa Merchants' Association of 
America, Inc. (CMA) Warehouse Compliance Certificate for each store to be licensed; 
(d) with respect to an application to store Cotton, 
(i) applicant shall be licensed as a Cotton warehouse operator by the USDA or the state in which 
the Licensed Store is located, and 
(ii) have operational rail sidings or, in the absence of such, must agree at the option of a Receiver in 
a delivery to move cotton in a delivery to the nearest operational rail siding at the warehouse 
operator's expense;  
(e) with respect to an application to store FCOJ, 
(i) the tank facility must have the capacity and equipment for the storage and delivery of FCOJ in a 
manner and under the conditions acceptable to the USDA and the demonstrated ability to make daily 


7-8 
tank deliveries, as defined in FCOJ Resolution No. 1(I), equivalent  to at least eight (8) FCOJ Futures 
Contracts; 
(ii) be equipped to handle FCOJ under continuous inspection of the USDA, or Quality Assurance 
Program inspection of the USDA, or Florida Quality Systems Certification Program inspection and 
shall provide an on-site laboratory that is accepted by the USDA for purposes of USDA performance 
of grading and testing of product in accordance with FCOJ Resolution No. 1(III); 
(iii) have and shall continue to maintain: 
(A) a working capital of two million dollars ($2,000,000); or 
(B) a letter of credit in the amount of one million dollars ($1,000,000), which letter of credit shall 
meet the requirements of subparagraph (b)(iii)(C) of this Rule and shall be in addition to any letter 
of credit maintained pursuant to subparagraph (b)(iii)(C) of this Rule; 
(C) for the purposes of this Rule, the term “Working Capital” means the excess of current assets 
over current liabilities.  
(f) bear all expenses incurred by the Exchange for any inspection of a store or tank facility and any 
investigation of the suitability of a store for the proper handling and storage of the Commodity to be 
stored or already stored for which a license is requested or has been issued; and 
(g) meet such other requirements as are prescribed in the Rules or as may be established from time to 
time by the Exchange. 
Amended by the Board April 15, 2009; effective April 24, 2009 [¶¶ (a) through (g)] 
Amended by the Board June 10, 2009; effective August 1, 2009 [¶¶ (b)(ii) and (d)].  
Amended by the Board September 17, 2009; effective September 21, 2009 [¶¶ (b), (b)(i)(A)(2) and   
(b)(iii)(C)(3)]. 
Amended by the Board September 8, 2010; effective September 14, 2010 [¶ (b)(i)(A)(1)]. 
 
Amended by the Board September 14, 2015; effective November 2, 2015 commencing with the May 2016 
Contract. 
Amended by the Board March 24, 2016; effective April 12, 2016 [¶ (a)]. 
Amended by the Board January 27, 2017; effective February 13, 2017 [¶¶ (D)(2)]. 
Amended by the Board September 27, 2017; effective November 8, 2017 [¶¶ ((i)(A)(I), (i)(C), (ii)(A) 
through (ii)(C), (iii)(B), (iii)(d)(i) and (d)(ii)]. 
Amended by the Board April 22, 2019; effective May 31, 2019 [¶¶ (b) and (g)]. 
Amended by the Board February 15, 2022; effective March 7, 2022 [¶¶ (b) and (b)(i)(A)(2)]. 
Rule 7.09. Application 
(a) All applicants for an Exchange license must file with the Exchange: 
(i) an application for a license in the form supplied by the Exchange; 
(ii) the applicant’s rates for storage, handling and other charges, which for Cotton No. 2 and FCOJ 
shall include, but is not limited to, authorized interest and insurance premiums, in effect at the time 
the applicant applies for a license; 
(iii) such other documents as the Exchange may deem necessary or appropriate; and 
(iv) a non-refundable application fee in the amount specified by the Exchange. 


7-9 
(b) Applications deemed incomplete by the Exchange shall be kept on file for two (2) months from 
the date the Exchange notifies an applicant of the defect; if the defect is not remedied within such time, 
the application shall be deemed withdrawn and an applicant must submit a new application for a license. 
(c) The Exchange may direct an applicant to: (i) appear personally or by officer or general partner: or 
(ii) provide any supplemental information the Exchange deems necessary.  Failure to appear or provide 
such information as directed by the Exchange shall be deemed to be a withdrawal of the application.   
(d) The Exchange may investigate any information supplied by the applicant. 
Amended by the Board April 16, 2009; effective April 24, 2009 [¶¶ (a) through (d)]. 
Amended by the Board September 14, 2015; effective November 2, 2015 commencing with the May 2016 
Contract. 
Amended by the Board April 22, 2019; effective May 31, 2019 [¶¶(a) through (a)(iii), (b) through (d)].  
Rule 7.10. Granting of License; Denial; Licensed Stores 
(a) The Exchange shall, when it deems an application to be complete, consider each application and 
make a determination to approve or deny such application. 
(b) The Exchange may, in its sole and absolute discretion, deny an application as provided in Rule 7.11 
below; provided, however, that prior to denying the application, the Exchange shall provide the applicant with 
(i) written notice setting forth its intention to deny the application and the grounds for denial and (ii) an 
opportunity to be heard by a Special Committee appointed pursuant to Rule 7.25, to present evidence as to 
why the application should be granted. A request to be heard shall be furnished in writing to the Exchange 
General Counsel within two (2) Business Days following issuance of the notice of intention to deny the 
application.  The evidence to be considered by the Special Committee shall be presented by written 
submission in accordance with procedures specified by the Special Committee, and the decision rendered 
shall be final.   
(c) The Exchange may from time to time, license additional stores and/or capacity which meet the 
current suitability standards or revoke the license of stores which have been formerly licensed but which 
no longer meet such standards. 
Amended by the Board April 16, 2009; effective April 24, 2009 [¶¶ (a) and (c)]. 
Amended by the Board September27 2017; effective October 24, 2017 [¶¶ (c)]. 
Amended by the Board April 22, 2019; effective May 31, 2019 [¶¶ (a) through (c)]. 
Rule 7.11. Conditions for Denial 
An application for an Exchange license may be denied to any applicant who: 
(a) does not meet any of the applicable qualifications for a license, or does not follow the procedures 
for application set forth in these Rules; 
(b) fails to provide, in the application and supporting documents, evidence of sufficient knowledge, 
training or experience; 
(c) has been convicted, found guilty, confessed to being guilty, entered a plea of guilty or nolo 
contendere to any felony or misdemeanor charging misrepresentation, fraud, deceit, theft, embezzlement, 
gambling, conversion, abuse of a fiduciary relationship or other such act; 
(d) has ever been denied a license of any type by any exchange; withdrawn any application for a 
license from any exchange; had a license which was suspended or canceled or which was subject to any 
bar, fine, or censure; been subject to the issuance of a cease and desist order, temporary or permanent 
injunction, or any other sanction or discipline through an adverse determination, voluntary settlement or 
otherwise, by any commodity exchange, related clearing organization, registered futures association, any 


7-10 
self-regulatory organization or other business or professional association, the CFTC or the Securities and 
Exchange Commission or equivalent authority of any state, territory, the District of Columbia or foreign 
country, any federal court, state court, or regulatory agency not mentioned above or quasi-governmental 
body; 
(e) is subject to any material unsatisfied liens or judgments; 
(f) has made any false statement in or in connection with any application filed with the Exchange; 
(g) is barred by any agency of the United States from contracting with the United States; or 
(h) fails to meet such other qualifications as the Exchange may from time to time determine are in the 
best interests of the Exchange. 
Amended by the Board April 22, 2019; effective May 31, 2019 [¶¶ (a) and (h)]. 
Rule 7.12. Fees 
All license fees shall be set and invoiced by the Exchange to the Person applying for the license or 
renewal at such time when the application is deemed complete. The invoiced Licensee shall pay the 
license fee to the Exchange promptly upon receipt of the invoice.  Failure to pay the fee for any license 
within thirty (30) days of receipt of the invoice may result in termination of such license pursuant to Rule 
7.17. 
Amended by the Board April 16, 2009; effective April 24, 2009. 
Amended by the Board April 22, 2019; effective May 31, 2019. 
Rule 7.13. Term of License; Renewals 
(a) Unless otherwise provided by the Exchange, each license granted or renewed, including without 
limitation the license of any Licensed Stores, shall be valid:   
(i) for cocoa and coffee graders, master samplers, weighmasters and warehouse operators and sugar 
master samplers and weighmasters, until the thirty-first day of May of each year following the 
effective date of the granting or renewal of the license;  
(ii) for Cotton No. 2 warehouse operators, until the thirty-first (31st) day of July of each year 
following the effective date of the granting or renewal of the license; and 
 (iii) for FCOJ tank facility operators, until the thirty-first (31st) day of December of each year 
following the effective date of the granting or renewal of the license. 
(b) At least sixty (60) days before the expiration of the license term, all Licensees must submit to the 
Exchange written notification of intent to renew, accompanied by the appropriate license fee; provided, 
however, that: 
(i) coffee graders must also include in their renewal submission a statement that: 
(1) during the course of the past five (5) years, they have passed either the original grading test or 
the maintenance grading test as authorized by the Exchange; and 
(2) during the course of the past two (2) years, they have attended a seminar on latest 
developments in the coffee industry as authorized by the Exchange; and 
(3) during the license term being renewed, they have graded coffee a minimum of two (2) times 
with a minimum of 60 days between any two gradings; provided, however, that the Chairman of the 
Board of Coffee Graders may waive such requirement if the failure to comply is due to the grader 
being affiliated with an entity making deliveries during the relevant period or for other good cause. 
 


7-11 
 
(ii) cocoa graders must also include in their renewal submission a statement that: 
(1) during the course of the past year, they have graded cocoa a minimum of two (2) times with a 
minimum of 60 days between any two gradings; provided, however, that the Chairman of the Board 
of Cocoa Graders may waive such requirement if the failure to comply is due to the grader being 
affiliated with an entity making deliveries during the relevant period or for other good cause; and 
(2) during the course of the past two (2) years, they have attended a seminar on latest 
developments in the cocoa industry as authorized by the Exchange. 
(c) As a prerequisite to license renewal, the Exchange may, in its sole and absolute discretion, require 
licensed graders, master samplers and weighmasters to satisfy any additional requirements it deems 
necessary to ensure such licensees possess sufficient knowledge, training and experience in their 
respective fields. 
(d) The Exchange may, in its sole and absolute discretion, upon receipt by the Exchange of the 
Licensee's written notification of intent to renew, extend the license term of such Licensee. 
(e) The Exchange may, in its sole and absolute discretion, extend for the ensuing fiscal year, or any 
part thereof, any license for which a notice of intention to renew has not been submitted. 
(f) To obtain renewal of a warehouse or tank facility operator license for one (1) or more stores, the 
warehouse operator of such store(s) must submit to the Exchange, in addition to written notification of its 
intent to renew, proof in a form acceptable to the Exchange of extension of the minimum coverage 
required by Rule 7.08 and, with respect to a renewal of a warehouse license to store Exchange Cocoa, a 
valid CMA Warehouse Compliance Certificate. 
Amended by the Board May 22, 2007; effective May 23, 2007 [¶ (b)(ii)(1)]. 
Amended by the Board April 15, 2009; effective April 24, 2009 [¶¶ (a)(i) through (b)(i)(2), (c) and (e)]. 
Amended by the Board November 11, 2009; effective November 16, 2009 [¶ (a)(i)]. 
Amended by the Board March 1, 2012; effective March 27, 2012 [¶¶ (c) through (f)]. 
Amended by the Board May 23, 2012; effective July 9, 2012 [¶¶ (b)(i)(1) and (2)]. 
 
Amended by the Board September 14, 2015; effective November 2, 2015 commencing with the May 2016 
Contract. 
 
Amended by the Board September 29, 2016; effective October 18, 2016 [¶¶ (b)(i)(3) and (b)(ii)(1)]. 
 
Amended by the Board April 22, 2019; effective May 31, 2019 [¶¶ (a) and (a)(i), (b)(i)(1) and (2), 
(b)(ii)(2), (c) through (f)]. 
 
Amended by the Board February 16, 2021; effective May 1, 2021 [¶¶ (a)(i)]. 
Rule 7.14. Responsibility for Employees 
All Licensees shall be responsible for the acts and omissions of their officers, employees and agents. 
 
Amended by the Board February 27, 2014; effective March 17, 2014. 
Amended by the Board March 24, 2016; effective April 12, 2016. 
Rule 7.15. Record Keeping 
(a) Each Licensee of the Exchange shall make and file reports with the Exchange, and maintain such 
records for such length of time, in such manner and form, as the Rules or the Exchange may prescribe. All 


7-12 
Licensees shall allow the Exchange staff to inspect such reports and records and permit such visitation of 
its Licensed Stores and offices as the Rules or the Exchange may require. 
 (b) A warehouse or tank facility operator shall be required to make such reports, keep such records 
and permit such visitations of its Licensed Stores and offices as the CFTC and, if applicable, the USDA 
may require. Unless otherwise specified in the Rules, such books and records shall be required to be kept 
for a period of five (5) years, or for a longer period if the CFTC shall so direct, and such books, records 
and Licensed Stores and offices shall be open at all times to inspection by any representative of the 
CFTC, USDA or the United States Department of Justice. 
Amended by the Board April 15, 2009; effective April 24, 2009 [¶¶ (a) and (b)]. 
Amended by the Board April 22, 2019; effective May 31, 2019 [¶ (a)]. 
Rule 7.16. Duty to Notify 
All Licensees shall immediately notify the Exchange in writing by facsimile or electronic transmission 
of the occurrence of any of the following events: 
(a) acquisition of a license issued by any other commodity exchange; 
(b) any material and adverse change in financial condition or of an emergency event or a financial 
emergency (as those terms are defined in Chapter 21 of the Rules); 
(c) if a Licensee is a Firm, any change in the ownership of or controlling interest in the Firm if it is a 
corporation, limited liability company or sole proprietorship and, if a Licensee is a partnership, any 
change in the identity of the general partners; 
(d) any conviction, finding of guilt, confession of guilt, plea of guilty, or plea of nolo contendere to a 
felony or misdemeanor charging misrepresentation, fraud, deceit, theft, embezzlement, gambling, 
conversion, abuse of a fiduciary relationship or other such act on the part of the Licensee; 
(e) any refusal to be granted a license of any type by any commodity exchange; withdrawal of any 
application for a license from any commodity exchange; suspension, or cancellation of a license or the 
issuance of any bar, fine, or censure against such Licensee by any commodity exchange; issuance of a 
cease and desist order, temporary or permanent injunction, or any other sanction or discipline through an 
adverse determination, voluntary settlement or otherwise, by any commodity exchange, related clearing 
organization, registered futures association, self-regulatory organization or other business or professional 
association, the CFTC or, the Securities and Exchange Commission or equivalent authority of any state, 
territory, the District of Columbia or foreign country, any federal court, state court, regulatory agency not 
mentioned above or quasi-governmental body; 
(f) becoming subject to any material unsatisfied liens or judgments; 
(g) the discovery of any false statement made in or in connection with any application filed with the 
Exchange; 
(h) the issuance of a bar by any agency of the United States from contracting with the United States; 
(i) failure or inability to meet continuously the criteria for eligibility for a license, including without 
limitation the eligibility of any Licensed Store operated by a licensed warehouse operator, or such other 
qualifications as the Exchange may from time to time determine are in the best interests of the Exchange; 
(j) any irregularity or fraud, or neglect or infraction of the Rules by any Member, or any Licensee, 
that may come to its knowledge; 
(k) any damage suffered by any Exchange Cocoa, Coffee, Cotton or FCOJ;   
(l) failure to meet the requirements prescribed in the Rules or specified by the Exchange from time to 
time; and 


7-13 
(m) the inability to function as a Licensee, or the inability of a Licensed Store to be used as such, due 
to damage to or destruction of business facilities, strike or other labor dispute, or other similar events. 
Amended by the Board April 15, 2009; effective April 24, 2009 [¶¶ (j) through (m)]. 
Amended by the Board April 22, 2019; effective May 31, 2019 [¶¶ (a), (i), (l) and (m)]. 
Rule 7.17. Suspensions, Cancellations and other Restrictions 
(a)(i) The Exchange may, in its sole and absolute discretion, with or without cause, suspend or cancel 
at any time any license issued pursuant to the Rules.  
(ii) The effective date of any suspension or cancellation shall be set by the Exchange.  
(iii) The Exchange shall promptly notify the Licensee after suspending or canceling any license 
pursuant to paragraph (a)(i) of this Rule.  Such notice shall state the reasons for the suspension or 
cancellation and the effective date for such action, and shall advise the Licensee of the opportunity to 
appeal the Exchange’s action to a Special Committee appointed in accordance with Rule 7.25; provided 
that the Exchange receives a written request from the Licensee for such appeal within two (2) Business 
Days after receipt of such notice by the Licensee.   
(iv) Any appeal of a suspension or termination of an Exchange license shall be heard before a Special 
Committee appointed in accordance with Rule 7.25.  In every appeal, the Licensee will be given the 
opportunity to present evidence as to why the license should not be suspended or terminated.  Such 
evidence will be presented either through written submission or by personal appearance as determined by 
the Special Committee, at its sole and absolute discretion.  The decision of the Special Committee shall be 
final.   
(b)(i) The Board may, in its sole and absolute discretion, declare a moratorium on the receipt or 
delivery of certificated cocoa, coffee, cotton or FCOJ by or from any Licensed Stores if it has reason to 
believe that such Licensed Stores are not in compliance with the Rules.  Any moratorium declared 
hereunder shall continue as directed by the Board.  
(ii) During the pendency of such moratorium, the warehouse or tank facility operator shall take such 
measures as are necessary to bring the Licensed Store(s) into compliance with the Rules.    
(iii) In the event that a moratorium is declared hereunder, the certification of any Commodity held in 
any Licensed Stores as to which such moratorium is declared, shall be prohibited until such moratorium is 
terminated.  Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to prohibit the owner of any Commodity stored in 
a Licensed Store as to which a moratorium has been declared, from moving the Commodity, at the 
owner’s sole expense, to another location.  
(c) The Exchange may flag in eCOPS as undeliverable under a Coffee “C” or cocoa futures contract, 
any coffee or cocoa which the Exchange has reason to believe may have sustained damage or which is 
stored in a Licensed Store as to which a report of damage or non-compliance with Exchange standards 
has been received.  The Exchange may lift the flag from any Lot as to which action has been taken in 
accordance with the preceding sentence, upon the earlier to occur of (1) the affected Lot having been 
examined and declared sound by the warehouse operator or (2) such time as the Exchange, in its 
discretion, shall determine.  
Amended by the Board April 15, 2009; effective April 24, 2009 [¶¶ (a) through (c)]. 
Amended by the Board May 23, 2012; effective July 9, 2012 [¶(a)(v)]. 
Amended by the Board February 28, 2013; effective March 25, 2013 [¶¶ (a)(iii) through (D)]. 
Amended by the Board April 22, 2019; effective May 31, 2019 [¶¶ (a) through (c)] 


7-14 
 
Rule 7.18. Voluntary Cancellation 
(a) Any license issued under the Rules may be canceled by the party holding the license at any time. 
(b) Cancellation shall be effected by a notice, in writing, stating the intention to cancel and the 
proposed effective date of cancellation; provided that the effective date of cancellation for any Licensed 
Store shall be set by the Exchange and shall provide a reasonable period of time for the owner(s) of 
certified stock held in such Licensed Store to move the Commodity to another location.  
(c) On the effective date of any such cancellation, all certified Coffee and/or Cocoa in such Licensed 
Store, that has not been moved in accordance with Rule 8.10 for Coffee or Rule 9.23 for Cocoa, will 
automatically lose its certification. 
(d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, voluntary cancellation of a Cotton warehouse operator’s license, is 
contingent upon the following: 
 (i) If the warehouse does not have a certificated stock, the cancellation shall be complete and 
become effective on the effective date; or 
(ii) If the warehouse has certificated cotton on hand: 
(A) the cancellation of the license shall apply to the receiving of any new cotton for certification; 
with respect to the certificated cotton on storage, and until it is shipped out or decertificated, the 
license shall be limited to the provisions which apply to the storage and handling of such cotton and 
the warehouseman shall continue to abide by those provisions; 
(B) the cancellation shall be complete and become effective once all the certificated cotton is 
shipped out or decertificated; provided, however, that the warehouse operator shall bear the expense 
of transferring the certificated cotton to another Licensed Store at the point of delivery. 
(e) In the event of a voluntary cancellation of a tank facility operator’s license, the tank facility 
operator shall arrange to transfer the FCOJ represented by EWRs to another licensed tank facility which 
shall issue its own EWRs and the tank facility operator transferring the FCOJ shall pay all charges which 
may be incurred in said transfer.  
Amended by the Board April 15, 2009; effective April 24, 2009 [¶¶ (b) through (f)]. 
Amended by the Board September 27, 2017; effective October 24, 2017 [¶¶ (b) through (e)]. 
Amended by the Board April 22, 2019; effective May 31, 2019 [¶¶ (b) and (d)]. 
Rule 7.19. Effect of Expiration, Suspension, or Cancellation of the License of a Licensed Store or 
Tank Facility 
(a) In the event a warehouse or tank facility operator's license terminates, expires, is suspended, or 
canceled, the license of the stores operated by such warehouse or tank facility operator shall also 
terminate, expire, be suspended or canceled, as the case may be. 
(b) Unless the Exchange otherwise determines, if the license of a Licensed Store expires or is 
suspended or canceled for any reason, any certified Coffee and/or Cocoa stored in such Licensed Store 
shall continue to be certified, provided such Coffee and/or Cocoa is moved to a Licensed Store in 
accordance with Rule 8.10 for Coffee or Rule 9.23 for Cocoa within sixty (60) days of such expiration, 
suspension or cancellation. 
(c) Unless the Exchange otherwise determines, if a tank facility license expires or is suspended or 
canceled for any reason, the tank facility operator shall arrange to transfer the FCOJ represented by its 
EWRs to another licensed tank facility which shall issue its own EWRs and the tank facility operator 
transferring the FCOJ shall pay all charges which may be incurred in said transfer.   


7-15 
(d) The Exchange may impose such other and further restrictions in connection with any such 
expiration, suspension, or cancellation as it may deem necessary and appropriate. 
Adopted by the Board April 15, 2009; effective April 24, 2009. 
Amended by the Board April 22, 2019; effective May 31, 2019 [¶¶ (b) through (d)]. 
 
Rule 7.20. Compliance with Rules 
(a) Each Licensee shall be obligated to act at all times in accordance with the Rules, adopted by the 
Board, from time to time, governing procedures for the storage, sampling, grading, classifying, weighing, 
and testing of Commodities. 
(b) The Exchange may issue a warning letter or impose a fine upon a Licensee for any violation of the 
Rules.  The Exchange shall promptly notify the Licensee of the issuance of any such fine, which shall 
become final and payment shall become effective fifteen (15) calendar days after receipt of such notice by 
the Licensee  The notice shall state the reason for the fine and identify the Rule(s) violated, and, for any 
fine greater than $1,000, shall also advise the Licensee of the opportunity to appeal the Exchange’s action 
to a Special Committee appointed in accordance with Rule 7.25; provided that the Exchange receives a 
written request from the Licensee for such appeal within fifteen (15) Business Days after receipt of such 
notice by the Licensee.   
(c) A Licensee subject to any fine issued pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Rule, which is greater than 
$1,000, may request an appeal before a Special Committee appointed in accordance with Rule 7.25.  In 
every appeal, the Licensee will be given the opportunity to present evidence as to why the fine should be 
lowered or rescinded.  Such evidence will be presented either through written submission or by personal 
appearance, as determined by the Special Committee, in its sole and absolute discretion.  The Special 
Committee’s decision to cancel, modify or affirm the fine shall be final. 
(d)  The Exchange’s authority to issue a warning letter or to fine a Licensee for a violation of the 
Rules does not limit the Exchange’s authority to suspend or cancel an Exchange license pursuant to Rule 
7.17(a).    
 
 
Amended by the Board April 22, 2019; effective May 31, 2019 [¶¶ (a) through (d)]. 
 
Rule 7.21. Power to Compel Testimony 
The Exchange and any Special Committee appointed pursuant to Rule 7.25 shall have the power to 
summon any Licensee and any of their employees to give testimony under oath by appearance before it, 
by telephone communication or by affidavit by a partner, officer, or responsible employee fully 
acquainted with the relevant facts, and to produce any documents, books, or records. If any Licensee or 
any of their employees fail to obey any such summons or to give any such testimony or to produce any 
such documents, books, or records, such failure shall constitute a violation by such Licensee of his or its 
duties under the Rules. 
Amended by the Board April 15, 2009; effective April 24, 2009, 
Amended by the Board April 22, 2019; effective May 31, 2019. 
Rule 7.22. Expenses of Lawsuits Brought Against the Exchange by Licensees 
Any Licensee who institutes a lawsuit or other similar proceeding against the Exchange, or any of its 
officers, committee members, agents or employees in any court of law or otherwise and who fails to 
prevail in such lawsuit or proceeding shall pay to the Exchange any and all reasonable expenses and 
disbursements, including reasonable attorney's fees and any statutory costs, incurred by the Exchange in 
the defense of such lawsuit or proceeding. 


7-16 
Rule 7.23. Arbitration 
(a) At the election of either party, any controversy between a Member and an Exchange licensed 
warehouse or tank facility operator or tank facility owner shall be submitted to arbitration under the 
Rules. 
(b)(i) For the purposes of this Rule, a controversy shall include any Claim, grievance or dispute 
relating to the warehousing of Exchange Cocoa, Coffee and Cotton, provided, however, that the 
Claim is made within two (2) years from the time the alleged Claim, grievance or dispute arose. 
(ii) For the purposes of this Rule, a controversy shall include any Claim, grievance or dispute 
relating to the storage, handling, quality or delivery of Exchange FCOJ, provided, however, that the 
Claim is made within one (1) year from the time the alleged Claim, grievance or dispute arose. 
(c) Notwithstanding the provisions of this Rule, all Claims relating to the delivery of Exchange FCOJ 
against a tank facility operator or tank facility owner must be made no later than thirty (30) days after 
load-out. 
Adopted by the Board April 15, 2009; effective April 24, 2009. 
 
Rule 7.24. Confidentiality of Information 
 
 
Every Person that has been granted an Exchange License (a “Licensee”) shall treat as confidential all 
information relating to the storage, grading and handling of cocoa, coffee, cotton, sugar and frozen 
concentrated orange juice which has been obtained as a result of the performance of his or its duties as an 
Exchange Licensee and which has not been disseminated in a manner which makes the information 
generally available to the trading public (hereafter “Non-Public Information”). A Licensee may not use 
Non-Public Information for any purpose other than the performance of his or its official duties as a 
Licensee. A Licensee shall establish procedures to prevent the unauthorized disclosure of Non-Public 
Information. A Licensee shall not disclose Non-Public Information to any Person except for those of its 
officials, agents and employees who need to know such information in furtherance of carrying out the 
Licensee’s obligations under the Rules, provided, that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made are 
advised of, and agree to adhere to, the provisions of this Rule. A Licensee may disclose Non-Public 
Information as and to the extent that the licensee is required to do so by law or legal process. A Licensee 
shall promptly notify the President upon discovering that such Licensee or any other Person may have 
committed a breach of this Rule.  
 
 
Adopted by the Board February 27, 2014; effective March 17, 2014. 
 
Rule 7.25. Special Committees 
 
 
The President shall appoint a Special Committee to perform such duties as are specified in the Rules.  
Each Special Committee shall consist of at least three (3) disinterested individuals who are licensees, 
employees of licensees, employees of futures commission merchants or who otherwise have commercial 
expertise in delivering, warehousing, storage, grading or sampling Commodities, as deemed appropriate 
by the President. 
 
Adopted by the Board April 22, 2019; effective May 31, 2019. 


7-17 
APPENDIX  
No. 1. Licensing Appendix —Schedule of License Fees 
Pursuant to Rule 7.12, the Exchange is authorized to establish annual license fees.  The following is a 
list of the current annual fees: 
 
TYPE OF LICENSE 
COFFEE 
SUGAR 
COCOA 
COTTON 
FCOJ 
Licensed Stores 
 
 
 
 
First Store or 
  
  
  
Warehouse code 
$400 
N/A 
$400 
$400 
$400 
Any Subsequent Store 
  
or 
Warehouse code 
$300 
N/A 
$300 
$300 
$300 
Renewal store or 
  
 
 
Warehouse code 
$300 
N/A 
$300 
$300 
$300 
Master Sampler 
$300 
$300 
$300 
$300 
N/A 
Renewal 
$200 
$200 
$200 
N/A 
N/A 
Weighmaster 
$300 
$300 
$300 
$300 
N/A 
Renewal 
$200 
$200 
$200 
N/A 
N/A 
Grader 
$300 
N/A 
$300 
 N/A 
N/A 
Renewal 
$200 
N/A 
$200 
N/A 
N/A 
 
Amended by the Board September 11, 2007; effective January 1, 2008. 
Amended by the Board November 11, 2009; effective November 16, 2009. 
Amended by the Board October 25, 2012; effective January 2, 2013. 
Amended by the Board September 14, 2015; effective November 2, 2015 commencing with the May 2016 
Contract. 
Amended by the Board April 22, 2019; effective May 31, 2019. 
 


8-1 
ICE Futures U.S.®, Inc. 
 
COFFEE "C"® RULES  
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Rule 
Subject 
 
8.00 
Scope of Chapter  
8.01 
Definitions; Calculation of Time 
8.02 
Contractual Obligations 
8.03 
Coffee "C" Lot 
8.04 
Standards 
8.05 
Delivery Months 
8.06 
Price Basis 
8.07 
Revisions in Coffee “C” Futures Contract 
8.08 
Price Fluctuations 
8.09 
eCOPS® 
8.10 
Certificate of Grade 
8.11 
Delivery Notices 
8.12 
Delivery and Payment 
8.13 
Substitution 
8.14 
Storage and Packaging 
8.15 
Force Majeure 
8.16 
Damages on Default 
8.17 
Expedited Arbitration Procedure 
8.30-8.37 
Reserved 
COFFEE OPTIONS 
8.50 
Option—Forms 
8.51 
Trading Months 
8.52 
Last Trading Day 
8.53 
Strike Prices 
8.54 
Premium Quotations 
8.55 
Obligations of Option Purchasers 
8.56 
Obligations of Option Grantors 
8.57 
Effect of Clearance 
8.58 
Expiration and Exercise of Options 
8.59 
Automatic Exercise Levels for Coffee Options 
OPTIONS ON COFFEE “C” FUTURES SPREADS 
8.60 
Scope of Chapter 
8.61 
Option – Forms 
8.62 
Trading Months 
8.63 
Last Trading Day 
8.64 
Strike Prices 
 
 
 
____ 
Coffee “C” is a Registered Trademark and Marque Deposees of ICE Futures U.S., Inc., registered in the 
United States, Canada and Japan. 


8-2 
8.65 
Premium Quotations 
8.66 
Obligations of KCSO Purchasers 
8.67 
Obligations of KCSO Grantors 
8.68 
Effect of Clearance 
8.69 
Expiration and Exercise of KCSOs 
8.70 
Automatic Exercise Levels 
 
COFFEE APPENDIXES 
 
APPENDIX I Procedures for Sampling Coffee 
APPENDIX II Procedures for Grading Coffee and Issuance of Certificates of Grade 
APPENDIX III Procedures for Weighing Coffee 
APPENDIX IV Coffee "C" Differentials 
APPENDIX V Price Adjustments 
APPENDIX VI Permitted Bagging of Bulk Coffee 
 
COFFEE RESOLUTIONS 
No. 
 
 
1. 
Warehouse Procedures and Recordkeeping Requirements for 
the Storage and Loadout of Exchange Coffee 


8-3 
ICE FUTURES U.S.®, INC. 
 
COFFEE "C" RULES 
FUTURES 
Rule 8.00. Scope of Chapter 
The Rules in this Chapter govern Transactions in the Coffee "C" Futures and Coffee Options 
Contracts of the Exchange. All such contracts, and all trading therein, shall be subject to the 
Rules, including the terms and conditions set forth in this Chapter. 
Amended by the Board April 15, 2009; effective April 24, 2009. 
Rule 8.01. Definitions; Calculation of Time 
(a) In this Chapter and in all procedures and resolutions adopted by the Board hereunder, the 
following terms shall have the meanings indicated, unless the context otherwise requires: 
(1) Certificate of Grade 
The term "Certificate of Grade" shall mean an electronic record created on eCOPS in 
accordance with eCOPS procedures which signifies that coffee has been graded.  Such record 
shall state that the coffee either meets or does not meet Exchange standards. 
(2) Chop 
The term "Chop" shall mean all or any portion of a shipment of coffee of identical growth, 
ports of embarkation and importation, and identifying marks. 
(3) Date of Delivery 
The term "Date of Delivery" shall mean the date seven (7) Business Days following the date 
of issue of the Delivery Notice, except as the Rules may otherwise provide. 
(4) Delivery Notice 
The term "Delivery Notice" shall mean the notice of intention to deliver one (1) or more Lots 
of Coffee in the form prescribed by the Exchange. 
(5) Delivery Worksheet 
The term “Delivery Worksheet” shall mean an electronic record created on eCOPS on the day 
the Delivery Notice is issued to the Clearing Organization by a Clearing Member, which shall be 
maintained and updated, as applicable, during the seven (7) Business Days until the Date of 
Delivery, as further described in Rule 8.11. 
(6) eCOPS 
The term “eCOPS” shall mean the electronic commodity operations system utilized by the 
Exchange. 
(7) EWR 
The term “EWR” shall mean the electronic warehouse receipt record created on eCOPS by a 
warehouse concerning coffee that is stored in such warehouse. 
(8) Exchange Invoice 
The term “Exchange Invoice” shall mean an electronic record created on eCOPS from the 
data contained on the Delivery Notice and Delivery Worksheet, showing the amount to be paid by 
the Receiver for the delivery of the Coffee identified in such invoice. If the data for one (1) or 


8-4 
more Weight Notes is not contained in the final Delivery Worksheet, the Exchange Invoice shall 
be calculated so that the amount to be paid by the Receiver is ninety (90) percent of the delivery 
price, and eCOPS shall designate such Exchange Invoice as a “pro forma Exchange Invoice”. 
(9) Last Notice Day 
The term "Last Notice Day" shall mean the seventh (7th) Business Day prior to the last 
Business Day of a delivery month or such other day the Board shall determine. 
(10) Last Trading Day 
The term "Last Trading Day" shall mean the Business Day prior to the Last Notice Day. 
(11) Notice of Transfer 
The term "Notice of Transfer” shall mean an electronic record created on eCOPS that 
changes the Title Holder of an EWR from a Clearing Member to the Clearing Organization and 
from the Clearing Organization to a Clearing Member in connection with a delivery of Coffee. 
(12) Port of Miami 
The “Port of Miami” shall mean both Port Everglades as defined from time to time by 
Broward County and the Port of Miami Free Trade Zone as defined from time to time by Miami-
Dade County. 
(13) Port of New Orleans 
The “Port of New Orleans” shall mean the parishes of Orleans, St. Bernard, Jefferson and St. 
Charles located in the state of Louisiana. 
(14) Port of Virginia 
The “Port of Virginia” shall mean all areas within a twenty-five (25) mile radius of 101 East 
Main Street, Norfolk, Virginia. 
 (15) Reconditioning 
The term "Reconditioning" shall mean a process wherein coffee beans, which are damaged by 
wet or mold and are restricted to one (1) area of the bag, are removed from the bag and may or 
may not be replaced. 
(16) Sampling Confirmation 
The term “Sampling Confirmation” shall mean an electronic record created on eCOPS in 
which a licensed master sampler notifies the Exchange and the Person requesting the sample to 
confirm that such sampler obtained the requested sample in accordance with the Rules.  
(17) Weight Note 
The term “Weight Note” shall mean an electronic record created on eCOPS in which a 
licensed weighmaster notifies the Exchange, the owner of the coffee and the warehouse storing 
such coffee, as to the weight of the coffee. 
(b) In computing any period of time prescribed or allowed in this Chapter or in any 
procedural resolution adopted by the Board hereunder, (i) all times shall refer to New York time, 
and (ii) the day of the act or omission from which the designated period of time begins to run 
shall not be included. The last day of the period so computed shall be included, unless it is a 
Saturday, Sunday, or Exchange Holiday, in which event the period runs until the close of business 
on the next day which is not a Saturday, Sunday, or Exchange Holiday. 
Amended by the Board July 9, 2014; effective July 29, 2014 [¶¶ (a)(14) through (a)(17) with the 
addition of the Port of Virginia]. 


8-5 
Amended by the Board September 9, 2020; effective October 19, 2020 [¶ (a)(12)]. 
Rule 8.02. Contractual Obligations 
The seller of a Coffee “C” Futures Contract agrees to sell and deliver to the buyer, and the 
buyer of a Coffee “C” Futures Contract agrees to buy and receive from the seller, one (1) Lot of 
Coffee "C" in the delivery month at the price agreed upon at the time the Transaction is executed 
and payable in accordance with the Rules. 
 
Rule 8.03. Coffee "C" Lot 
A Lot of Coffee "C" shall consist of thirty-seven thousand five hundred (37,500) pounds of 
washed arabica coffee of the growths of Brazil, Burundi, Colombia, Costa Rica, Dominican 
Republic, Ecuador, Guatemala, Honduras, India, Kenya, Mexico, Papua New Guinea, Nicaragua, 
Panama, Peru, Rwanda, Salvador, Tanzania, Uganda, or Venezuela. 
Amended by the Board December 9, 2010; effective with March 2013 delivery month and all 
subsequent delivery months thereafter. 
Rule 8.04. Standards 
Coffee "C" shall consist of one (1) growth, in sound condition, free from all unwashed and 
aged flavors in the cup, of good roasting quality, and of bean size and color in accordance with 
criteria established by the Exchange. No delivery shall be permitted of coffee containing more 
than fifteen (15) full imperfections below the basis for the respective growth, except that in the 
case of Colombian coffee no delivery shall be permitted of coffee containing more than ten (10) 
full imperfections below the basis for the respective growth. Imperfections shall be established on 
the basis of a grading schedule established by the Exchange. 
Amended by the Board December 9, 2010; effective with March 2013 delivery month and all 
subsequent delivery months thereafter. 
Rule 8.05. Delivery Months 
(a) Unless the Board otherwise directs, trading shall be limited to coffee deliverable in the 
months of March, May, July, September and December. Coffee “C” Futures Contracts shall not 
be recognized by the Exchange extending beyond a period of sixty (60) months, including the 
current month. Trading in a new delivery month shall, unless the Board otherwise determines, be 
initiated at the opening of trading on the first (1st) Business Day of the fifty-ninth (59th) month 
preceding any delivery month. 
(b) The Exchange may make such amendments, that are consistent with the Act and the 
regulations thereunder, to any and all terms and conditions of the Coffee “C” Futures Contract 
and may implement such amendments with respect to delivery months for which the first (1st) day 
delivery notices may be issued is more than twenty-four (24) months away, whether or not such 
delivery or expiration month has any open interest. 
Amended by the Board August 10, 2007; effective November 16, 2007 [¶¶ (a) and (b)]. 
Rule 8.06. Price Basis 
The price of a Lot of Coffee "C" shall be quoted as the price per pound for growths of Costa 
Rica, Guatemala, Kenya, Mexico, Nicaragua, Panama, Papua New Guinea, Salvador, Tanzania, 
or Uganda with differentials and allowances for grades and other growths, delivery points, or 
weight as may be established by the Board. 


8-6 
 
Rule 8.07. Revisions in Coffee “C” Futures Contract 
(a) From time to time, the Coffee Committee shall make recommendations to the Board to 
amend schedules of differentials in respect to coffees deliverable under the then current Coffee 
“C” Futures Contract which differentials shall, at the time of said report, be realistically related to 
the inherent quality of the growths relative to each other. If the differentials so determined shall 
be different from those previously determined by the Board in accordance with Rule 8.06, the 
Board shall so provide by resolution pursuant to Rule 8.06. 
(b) Anything elsewhere contained in this Rule to the contrary notwithstanding, the Coffee 
Committee need not report, and the Board need not determine, differentials for coffees 
deliverable under Coffee “C” Futures Contracts in which trading has been suspended or 
discontinued for delivery months beginning not later than twenty-four (24) months after the 
month in which such differentials would otherwise be reported and determined. 
Rule 8.08. Price Fluctuations 
(a) All bids and offers to buy or sell Coffee “C” Futures Contracts shall be quoted per pound 
in cents and decimal fractions of a cent. No Transactions, except AA or EFS Transactions as 
provided in Rule 4.06, shall be permitted at a price which is not a multiple of five one-hundredths 
of one cent per pound. 
(b) The Board may, without previous notice, prescribe, modify, or suspend maximum 
permissible price fluctuations for Transactions in Coffee “C” Futures Contracts. 
Rule 8.09. eCOPS 
In order to make delivery of Coffee under the Coffee “C” Futures Contract, a Member must 
execute an eCOPS Participant Agreement with eCOPS, LLC. No delivery may be made using a 
warehouse receipt other than an EWR. 
Rule 8.10. Certificate of Grade 
(a) Coffee to be delivered under a Coffee “C” Futures Contract must be sampled, graded, 
weighed, and certified in accordance with procedures specified herein or adopted by the Board.  
Unless otherwise determined by the Exchange and except with respect to appeals under Appendix 
II(m) of these Rules, Coffee which has previously been sampled and graded in accordance with 
these Rules may not be re-submitted for sampling and grading at any time. 
 
(b) The Exchange, through eCOPS, will issue a Certificate of Grade with respect to each 
Chop of coffee for which a Sampling Order has been submitted. Only a Chop of coffee which has 
been issued a Certificate of Grade which states that the coffee meets Exchange standards may be 
delivered under the Coffee “C” Futures Contract. 
(c) The Exchange may at any time suspend, cancel or revoke a Certificate of Grade 
previously issued, if the Exchange has reason to believe that the coffee covered by such 
Certificate of Grade: 
(1) does not run uniform as to grade; 
(2) was sampled, graded, or certified in any manner inconsistent with the Rules; or 
(3) the Exchange has reason to believe that the coffee covered does not satisfy the 
minimum standards for delivery under the Coffee “C” Futures Contract. 
(d) The Exchange, its officers, committee members, or employees, whether or not negligent, 
shall not be liable: (i) in any way by reason of the fact that coffee delivered under Coffee “C” 
Futures Contracts was not sampled, graded, weighed, or certified in accordance with the Rules; or 


8-7 
(ii) for the authenticity, validity, or accuracy of documents or any other information or data 
prepared by third (3rd) parties (including samplers, weighers, and warehouses) not in the employ 
of the Exchange, notwithstanding the fact that the Exchange might select or license such third 
(3rd) parties to take certain actions in accordance with the Rules, unless it is established that the 
Exchange, its officers, committee members, or employees acted in bad faith in failing to take 
action or in taking such action as was taken, and that such failure or action caused any loss. 
(e) Except as otherwise provided in the Rules, a Certificate of Grade shall remain in full force 
and effect for any future delivery. 
(f) A Certificate of Grade which states that the coffee meets Exchange standards shall 
automatically become invalid if the coffee covered thereby has been (i) moved to an unlicensed 
store from a Licensed Store, or (ii) moved from a Licensed Store in one (1) port to a Licensed 
Store in another port. 
(g)(i) In the event coffee is moved from one (1) Licensed Store to another Licensed Store in 
the same warehouse building of a licensed warehouse, the warehouse storing such coffee shall so 
notify the Exchange and the Member owning the coffee. 
(ii) In the event coffee is moved from one (1) Licensed Store to another Licensed Store in a 
different warehouse building or in a different licensed warehouse, the Certificate of Grade 
covering such coffee shall automatically become invalid unless: 
(1) the warehouse storing or the owner of such coffee notifies the Exchange and the 
Exchange authorizes such move, and 
(2) the Exchange supervises the move. 
The cost of supervising the move of such coffee will be billed by the Exchange to the 
Member who owns such coffee; provided, however, that in the event such coffee must be 
moved to another Licensed Store because of the expiration, suspension, or cancellation, for 
any reason, of the license covering the Licensed Store within which the coffee was located, 
the warehouse from which the coffee is to be moved shall be liable to the Member moving 
such coffee for the full cost of such move, including the cost of Exchange supervision. 
(iii) In the event that coffee that is moved pursuant to this paragraph (g) has been 
previously weighed for Exchange delivery, the Exchange weights shall be invalidated at the 
time of the move, and new Exchange weights shall be issued and entered upon the 
completion of the move of each chop of coffee; provided, however, if such coffee is moved at 
the request of the owner, new Exchange weights will only be issued and entered upon the 
owner’s request. 
(h) A Certificate of Grade shall automatically become invalid if, after sixty (60) days from 
the date of the warehouse notice to the owner, the rebagging indicator remains on the Lot(s). 
(i) A Certificate of Grade which states that the coffee meets Exchange standards constitutes 
conclusive evidence, binding on all parties, that the coffee referred to therein meets the minimum 
standards for delivery under the Coffee “C” Futures Contract and is of the grade set forth in such 
Certificate of Grade, subject only to the provisions of paragraph (c) this Rule. 
(j) The Exchange, at any time and in its sole discretion, may order that coffee for which a 
Certificate of Grade has been issued be resampled, regraded, and reinspected for uniformity. The 
fees and costs of any resampling, regrading, or reinspection conducted hereunder may, in the 
event a discrepancy is discovered, be assessed by the Exchange against the Person who last 
submitted the coffee for certification or such other Person as the Exchange determines. 
(k) If coffee covered by a Certificate of Grade is delivered on a contract other than an 
Exchange contract, the Deliverer must notify, in writing, the Commodity Operations Department 


8-8 
of the Exchange (“Commodity Operations”) within five (5) Business Days of the delivery. Such 
notice shall also include a statement indicating whether or not the Certificate of Grade covering 
such coffee was transferred to the Receiver. If the Certificate has not been transferred, the 
Certificate will be automatically invalidated. 
Amended by the Board April 15, 2009; effective April 17, 2009 [¶(g)(iii)]. 
Amended by the Board April 15, 2009; effective April 24, 2009 [¶ (k)]. 
 
Amended by the Board November 11, 2009; effective November 16, 2009 [¶ (g)(iii)]. 
 
Amended by the Board September 27, 2023; effective December 1, 2023 [¶ (a)]. 
Rule 8.11. Delivery Notices 
(a) A Clearing Member with an open short Position wishing to make delivery of Coffee under 
a Coffee “C” Futures Contract shall present to the Clearing Organization a notice of intention to 
deliver Coffee in the form prescribed by the Exchange (the "Delivery Notice"). 
(b) All Delivery Notices: 
(1) shall be for one (1) or more Lots; 
(2) shall be issued no earlier than seven (7) Business Days prior to the first (1st) 
Business Day of the delivery month and no later than the Last Notice Day; 
(3) shall be presented to the Clearing Organization by the Clearing Member making 
delivery not later than the time specified by the Clearing Organization on the Business 
Day preceding the date of issue; 
(4) shall state the amount and description of the Coffee tendered and bear a price per 
pound equal to the Settlement Price on the Business Day preceding the date of issue of the 
Notice; and 
(5) shall entitle the holder thereof to sample the Coffee referred to in the Delivery 
Notice. 
(6) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this paragraph (b), if a Member 
transfers any contracts after the close of trading in accordance with Rule 4.37(e): 
(A) The failure of such Member to issue a Delivery Notice with respect to such 
contracts shall not be deemed a violation of this Rule; 
(B) If any contracts transferred offset any contracts with respect to which the 
transferee had issued a Delivery Notice such Delivery Notice shall be deemed amended 
to reflect the deletion of the contracts so offset; and 
(C) If any contracts transferred do not offset any contracts with respect to which the 
transferee had issued a Delivery Notice, the transferee shall issue a Delivery Notice in 
accordance with this Rule. 
(c) The Date of Delivery shall be seven (7) Business Days following the date of issue except 
as the Rules may otherwise provide. 
(d) No Delivery Notice shall be issued on day that is not a Business Day.  
(e) Upon receipt of a Delivery Notice, the Clearing Organization shall issue it in accordance 
with the Clearing Organization Rules. 
(f) A holder of a "stopped notice" may at the option of the issuer thereof arrange to have such 
notice taken back by such issuer upon such terms as are mutually agreed to by such issuer and 
such holder. 


8-9 
(g) During the seven (7) Business Days between the issuance of the Delivery Notice and the 
Date of Delivery, the Delivery Worksheet will be accessible to each Deliverer and Receiver 
through eCOPS showing information as to the Delivery Date, Issuer, Stopper, Exchange ID, 
EWR Number, Warehouse, Delivery Port, Weight, Invoice Amount and such other information as 
the Exchange shall determine. 
Amended by the Board January 24, 2007; effective January 25, 2007 [¶ (b)(3)].  
Anended by the Board March 24, 2016; effective April 13, 2016 [¶ (d)]. 
Rule 8.12. Delivery and Payment 
(a) Delivery of Coffee "C" may be made on any Business Day between the first (1st) and last 
days of the delivery month which shall not be a Saturday, Sunday or Exchange Holiday. All such 
deliveries shall be made by the transfer of EWRs through Clearing Members that have executed 
eCOPS Participant Agreements in the form specified by the Exchange. 
(b) On the Date of Delivery at 9:00 a.m., all information contained on the Delivery 
Worksheet for each Deliverer and Receiver shall be deemed complete, correct and final and 
may not be changed in any respect by a Deliverer or Receiver. At 9:00 a.m., on the basis of the 
information contained in such final Delivery Worksheet, the Exchange, through eCOPS, shall 
issue a Notice of Transfer causing the Clearing Organization to be identified in eCOPS as the 
Title Holder of the EWRs corresponding to the Coffee identified in each such final Delivery 
Worksheet. The Clearing Organization shall thereafter debit the account designated by the 
Receiver for delivery purposes and credit the account designated by the Deliverer for such 
purposes for the full amount of the Exchange Invoice, and issue a Notice of Transfer causing 
the Receiver to be identified in eCOPS as the Title Holder of the corresponding EWRs. 
(c) The Weight Note shall not be valid if the Coffee to be delivered has been moved at any 
time from the location specified in such Weight Note. 
(d) The Exchange Invoice shall reflect any deficiency or excess from the par weight of a 
Coffee “C” Futures Contract at the price per pound shown in the Delivery Notice. Such 
deficiency or excess shall not be greater than two percent (2%) of the par weight. 
(1) In the case of a deficiency equal to or less than two percent (2%) of the par weight, 
the Deliverer may deliver Coffee to the extent of such deficiency. 
(2) In the case of a deficiency in excess of two percent (2%) of the par weight, delivery 
shall not be permitted except by mutual consent of the Deliverer and Receiver. 
(3) Delivery of more than two percent (2%) above the par weight shall be permitted, but 
in any such instance the Receiver shall not be obligated to pay for the excess over two 
percent (2%). 
(e) From time to time the Board may prescribe adjustments in the price stated in a Delivery 
Notice on the basis of (i) the time elapsed between the date of the Certificate of Grade or the first 
(1st) date on which the Coffee was weighed and the Date of Delivery; (ii) the weight of samples 
drawn after the date of the Weight Note; and (iii) other factors as the Board may determine from 
time to time. 
(f) Deliverer shall pay the warehouse operator for storage up to and including the last 
calendar day of the delivery month. Receiver shall be responsible for payment of storage 
commencing on the calendar day after the Date of Delivery, and the Exchange Invoice shall be 
calculated so that the Receiver reimburses the Deliverer for storage for the period between the 
calendar day after the Date of Delivery through the last calendar day of the delivery month.  
(g) If the final Delivery Worksheet does not contain one (1) or more Weight Notes with 
respect to a given Lot on the Date of Delivery: 


8-10 
(1) the Exchange Invoice shall be designated a pro forma Exchange Invoice and the 
Receiver’s account shall be debited and the Deliverer’s account credited by the Clearing 
Organization the amount specified in the pro forma Exchange Invoice;  
(2) the Deliverer must have the Weight Note(s) issued to the Receiver no later than the 
fifth (5th) Business Day following the last permissible delivery day of the delivery month, 
at which time the Receiver and Deliverer shall settle directly between them any amounts 
due and owing based upon the weight specified in such Weight Note(s); and 
(3) the Deliverer issuing the request for weighing shall be liable for the repair of bags 
which, as a result of the weighing process, become, or are discovered to be, torn or 
bursting. 
(h) In making delivery, the Deliverer warrants to the Receiver that the Coffee delivered 
under the contract is free of all liens and/or claims of all kinds. 
Amended by the Board April 11, 2007; effective April 16, 2007 [¶ (g)(3)]. 
Amended by the Board September 9, 2020; effective October 19, 2020 [¶¶ (f) and (h)]. 
Rule 8.13. Substitution 
(a) In the event the coffee specified in a Delivery Notice is not deliverable for any reason 
under the Coffee “C” Futures Contract, the issuer of such Delivery Notice must substitute and 
deliver other Coffee "C", which need not be of the same growth or quality. 
(1) The Coffee "C" to be substituted must be stored in the same port as the coffee 
originally specified in the Delivery Notice. 
(2) A Certificate of Grade must have already been issued with respect to the Coffee "C" 
to be substituted which signifies that such coffee meets the minimum standards for 
delivery under the Coffee “C” Futures Contract. 
(3) There must not have been any previous attempt at substitution with respect to the 
coffee originally specified in the Delivery Notice. 
(4) Substitution may be made no later than 5:00 p.m. of the second (2nd) Business Day 
prior to the Date of Delivery. 
(b) In the event of a substitution pursuant to subparagraph (a) hereof, settlement shall be 
made on the basis of the substituted coffee. 
(c) Notwithstanding paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Rule, if a Deliverer is notified by a licensed 
Weigher that a Lot to be delivered is too light and, therefore, does not meet the weight 
requirements for delivery and at the time of such notification, the time for Substitution, as 
specified in subparagraph (a)(4) above, has passed and the Date of Delivery has not occurred, the 
Deliverer may add bags to the Lot as long as the added bags are from the same original Exchange 
identification. 
Amended by the Board April 11, 2007; effective April 16, 2007 [¶ (c)].  
Rule 8.14. Storage and Packaging 
(a) In addition to other applicable terms and conditions set forth in the Rules, each Lot of 
coffee shall, in order to be deliverable under a Coffee “C” Futures Contract, satisfy the following 
requirements at the time of delivery: 
(1) it shall be stored in a duly licensed warehouse in the Port of New York District, the 
Port of New Orleans, the Port of Miami, the Port of Antwerp, the Port of 
Hamburg/Bremen, the Port of Barcelona, the Port of Houston or the Port of Virginia or 


8-11 
such other port as may be added from time to time upon the recommendation of the Coffee 
Committee and the two-thirds vote of the Board; 
 (2) it shall be stored in no more than one (1) borough, parish and/or county; 
(3) it shall consist of not more than five (5) Chops, except when a Chop may be added 
to make up for a deficiency in weight, in which case not more than six (6) Chops; 
(4) not less than one hundred (100) bags may be in any one (1) warehouse, and all bags 
must be stored in such a manner that permits the bags to be removed from such warehouse 
off the same loading dock; 
(5) it shall be packaged in bags which have been marked, prior to exportation from the 
country of origin, with the growth, except that repackaged coffee may be delivered if (i) 
properly marked bags were soiled or damaged and such repackaging was effected by a 
licensed warehouse or weighmaster while the coffee was in a Licensed Store, and (ii) the 
new bags contain the markings which appeared on the original bags; 
(6) it shall be packaged in bags or packages of a recognized commercial size for the 
growth (i.e., of standard weight in the country and/or district of origin) and each Lot 
delivered must consist of bags or packages of the same shipping weight; 
(7) it shall be packaged in bags made of sisal, henequen, jute, burlap or woven material 
having similar properties and having a minimum weight of seven hundred (700) grams, 
without inner lining or outer covering of any other material; and 
(8) with respect to each contract Lot, no more than fifteen (15) bags shall be slack; 
provided, that each such slack bag shall weigh a minimum of one-hundred (100) pounds, 
and provided, further, that with respect to any coffee which had previously been graded 
which was dumped and mixed in order to comply with this subparagraph, the licensed 
warehouse in which such coffee is sorted certifies in writing that the coffee to be delivered 
was uniform after such dumping and mixing. 
(b) No bag or package of coffee may be delivered if, at the time of delivery: 
(1) it contains any foreign substance; 
(2) it contains damaged coffee without any indication of such damage upon the exterior 
of the package; 
(3) it is composed of good coffee immediately next to the bag, and decidedly inferior 
coffee in the interior of the package, in such manner as not to be easily detected by the 
standard coffee sampler; 
(4) it is marked as belonging to a specific growth, kind and grade, but contains coffee of 
a different growth or kind or a decidedly inferior grade; 
(5) it varies unduly in weight from the number of pounds recognized as the standard 
weight of a bag or package of such growth; 
(6) it has been dumped, mixed, or reconditioned on the dock; coffee which has been 
dumped, mixed, or reconditioned in the warehouse continues to be acceptable for delivery; 
or 
(7) the warehouse has indicated in eCOPS that the bags in the lot need to be rebagged 
("rebagging indicator"). 
(c) Liability for the repair of bags which are torn or bursting and in need of repair shall be 
borne as specified in this paragraph (c). In addition, any claim by a Member that coffee tendered 


8-12 
for delivery under an Exchange contract is being delivered in a bag(s) which is torn or bursting 
and are in need of repair shall be settled in accordance with the provisions of this paragraph (c). 
(1) If the warehouse has given written notice to the Deliverer, within seven (7) Business 
Days from (i) the date of issuance of the Delivery Notice or (ii) the date that the Deliverer 
substitutes Lots on the applicable Delivery Worksheet, that the bag(s) is torn or bursting 
and needs to be repaired, then the Deliverer of the coffee shall be liable for the repair of 
the torn bag(s); 
(2) If the holder of a Delivery Notice visually inspects the coffee (i) during the seven (7) 
Business Days between the issuance of such Notice and the Date of Delivery or (ii) within 
seven (7) Business Days from the date that the Deliverer substitutes Lots on the applicable 
Delivery Worksheet, and furnishes written notice to the Deliverer and the Exchange 
during said seven (7) day period that the coffee is packaged in a bag(s) that is torn or 
bursting and in need of repair, then the procedures in subparagraph (3) below shall apply, 
provided however, that the failure to so notify the Exchange or the Deliverer within the 
specified time shall be deemed a waiver of the Receiver's rights to assert a claim that 
coffee tendered for delivery under an Exchange contract is packaged in a bag(s) that is 
torn or bursting and in need of repair. Any notice issued shall identify the location of the 
coffee involved, together with the basis for the Receiver's claim that the coffee is 
packaged in a bag(s) that is torn or bursting and in need of repair.  
(3) Upon receipt of a notice as specified in subparagraph (2) above, the Exchange will 
cause the coffee identified in such notice to be surveyed by an Exchange licensed 
warehouse inspector selected randomly by the Exchange from the panel of licensed 
inspectors. The inspector will visually survey the coffee so identified and determine 
whether the bag(s) is torn or bursting and in need of repair. The determination of the 
inspector shall be furnished in writing to the Receiver and Deliverer by the Exchange. The 
determination of the inspector shall be final and binding, and there shall be no appeals 
therefrom. In addition, the Exchange shall invoice the party responsible, as determined 
below, for an administrative fee of three hundred seventy-five dollars ($375) and the 
inspector’s fee (such fees hereinafter referred to as “administrative fees”). The invoiced 
party shall pay the Exchange the administrative fees promptly upon receipt of the invoice. 
(A) If the inspector determines that the bag(s) of coffee is not in need of repair, the 
Receiver shall be responsible for the administrative fees. 
(B) If the inspector determines that the bag(s) of coffee is in need of repair, the 
Deliverer shall either have the bag(s) repaired within five (5) Business Days after 
receipt of written notification of the decision of the inspector or, if the time within 
which substitution is permitted under Rule 8.13(a)(4) has not elapsed, substitute other 
coffee. In such case, the Deliverer shall be responsible for the administrative fees. If the 
Deliverer substitutes other coffee, the Receiver shall have another seven (7) Business 
Days from the date the Deliverer notifies the Receiver of the location of such coffee to 
inspect such coffee and commence the procedures described in subparagraphs (2) and 
(3) above. 
(4) The filing of a notice in accordance with subparagraph (2) of this Rule shall not 
affect the obligation of a Receiver to pay for coffee delivered against a Coffee “C” Futures 
Contract, provided that a Notice of Transfer has been issued by the Exchange through 
eCOPS with respect to such coffee. 
Amended by the Board July 9, 2014; effective July 29, 2014 [¶(a)(1) with the addition of the 
Port of Virginia]. 
Rule 8.15. Force Majeure 


8-13 
(a) In the event the Board determines that the delivery or receipt of coffee to be delivered 
under a Coffee “C” Futures Contract is hindered by a strike, lockout, or other cause beyond the 
control of the Deliverer or Receiver (“force majeure”), such delivery or receipt shall take place by 
such date as the Board shall determine, which date shall be the Date of Delivery for all purposes 
under the Rules, and no Delivery Notices for delivery in the affected port shall be issued until 
such date as the Board shall determine. 
(b) In the event that the sampling, grading, weighing or certification of coffee to be delivered 
under a Coffee “C” Futures Contract, or any other act necessary for the preparation of coffee for 
delivery, is prevented by a strike, lockout, or other cause beyond the control of the Deliverer, 
delivery of such coffee may nevertheless take place, with the prior approval of the Coffee 
Committee and upon such conditions as the Coffee Committee may establish; provided, however, 
that such coffee is in a Licensed Store at the time of such delivery and could have been delivered 
if such strike, lockout or other cause had not occurred. 
(c) If, as a result of a delay specified in paragraph (a) of this Rule, Coffee is delivered without 
a Weight Note, the payment shall be made in accordance with Rule 8.12(g). 
(d) Except to the extent this Rule is inconsistent with other Rules, nothing herein shall limit 
the rights of a Deliverer or Receiver to hold his counterparty in default for failure to comply with 
the terms and conditions of the Coffee “C” Futures Contract. 
Rule 8.16. Damages on Default 
Except as otherwise provided in the Rules, the Settlement Price of the spot Coffee “C” 
Futures Contract on the Date of Delivery shall be the basis for settlement in the event of a default 
in delivering or receiving Coffee "C". 
Rule 8.17. Expedited Arbitration Procedure 
(a) Any dispute, except as to grade or cup, arising between Members claiming that a Member 
has failed to meet his obligations as Deliverer or Receiver under a Coffee “C” Futures Contract 
shall be settled by arbitration in accordance with the provisions of this Rule; provided, however, 
that if the Claimant does not notify the Exchange of such failure within fifteen (15) Business 
Days of the Last Notice Day of the delivery month for the Coffee “C” Futures Contract in which 
the failure occurred, said Member shall be deemed to have waived his rights under this Rule, 
without prejudice to any other rights or remedies at law or under any other provisions of the 
Rules. The filing of a notice hereunder shall not affect the obligations of a Receiver under the 
Rules to pay for Coffee delivered against a Coffee “C” Futures Contract in accordance with the 
requirements of Rule 8.12. 
(b) Any dispute arising between the warehouse and either a Member delivering Coffee or a 
Member receiving Coffee concerning the liability for the repair of a torn bag(s) may be settled by 
arbitration in accordance with the provisions of this Rule; provided, however, that if the Claimant 
does not give written notice to the Exchange of the dispute within fifteen (15) Business Days of 
the Last Notice Day of the Coffee “C” Futures Contract in which the delivery of the Coffee in the 
torn bag(s) was to occur or has occurred, said warehouse or Member shall be deemed to have 
waived his rights under this Rule, without prejudice to any other rights or remedies at law or 
under any other provisions of the Rules. The filing of a notice hereunder shall not affect the 
obligations of a Receiver under the Rules to pay for Coffee delivered against a Coffee “C” 
Futures Contract in accordance with the requirements of Rule 8.12. 
(c) Each notice filed pursuant to paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Rule shall be accompanied by 
a non-refundable check payable to the Exchange in the amount of three hundred seventy-five 
dollars ($375) for each Lot that is the subject of the arbitration. 


8-14 
(d) Upon receipt by the Exchange of a notice hereunder, the Exchange shall forward one (1) 
copy of said notice to all interested parties. 
(e) With respect to arbitrations brought pursuant to paragraph (a), a Special Arbitration 
Committee of three (3) disinterested members of the Coffee Committee shall be appointed by the 
Chairman within one (1) Business Day of the Exchange's receipt of a notice that a Member has 
failed to meet his obligations; provided, however, if members of the Coffee Committee have an 
interest in a dispute which precludes the appointment of a Special Arbitration Committee 
comprised entirely of members of the Coffee Committee, the Chairman may appoint to the 
Committee, in his sole discretion, other persons who are associated with the coffee industry but in 
no event shall a Special Arbitration Committee fail to include at least one (1) member of the 
Coffee Committee. The Special Arbitration Committee shall establish the date, time, and place 
for a hearing. Each Special Arbitration Committee shall determine the procedures to be followed 
in any hearing before it, except that the following shall apply in every case: 
(1) each of the parties shall be entitled to appear personally at the hearing(s); 
(2) each of the parties, at his own expense, shall have the right to be represented by 
counsel in any aspect of the proceedings; 
(3) each of the parties, at his own expense, shall be entitled to (i) prepare and present all 
relevant facts in support of the Claims and grievances, defenses or counterclaims which 
arise out of the Transaction or occurrence that is the subject matter of the Claim or 
grievance and does not require for its arbitration the presence of third (3rd) parties of 
whom the Exchange cannot acquire jurisdiction and to present rebuttal evidence to such 
Claims or grievances, defenses or counterclaims made by the other parties, (ii) examine 
the other parties, (iii) examine any witnesses appearing at the hearing(s), and (iv) examine 
all relevant documents presented in connection with the Claim or grievance, or any 
defense or counterclaim applicable thereto; 
(4) the formal rules of evidence shall not apply; 
(5) no verbatim record shall be made of the proceedings unless requested by a party, in 
which event the requesting party shall bear the cost of such record and a stenographic 
transcript shall be taken, but not transcribed, unless a transcript is requested by a party, 
who shall bear the cost of such transcription; 
(6) Ex parte contacts by any of the parties with any member of the Special Arbitration 
Committee shall not be permitted; 
(7) The Special Arbitration Committee shall have the power, on the request of any party 
or on its own motion, to require any Person to testify and/or produce documentary 
evidence in the proceedings as and to the extent provided for in Rule 21.04; 
(8) Any party to the dispute may apply to the Special Arbitration Committee for 
permission to join as a party any other Member (i) who is or may be liable to such party 
for all or part of the Claim being asserted against him or (ii) who claims an interest in the 
subject of the dispute. The Special Arbitration Committee shall have complete and 
absolute discretion to grant or to deny any such application, in whole or in part; and 
(9) The rights and duties set forth in this Rule with respect to parties shall apply to any 
Member joined as a party pursuant to subparagraph (e)(8) hereof. 
(f) The party adjudged in default shall pay to the aggrieved party as liquidated damages five 
percent (5%) of the Settlement Price of the spot Coffee “C” Futures Contract on the Date of 
Delivery or the Delivery Notice price, whichever shall be higher, but, in no case shall liquidated 
damages be less than one-half of one cent per pound. 


8-15 
(g) In the case where a Deliverer is determined to be in default by the Special Arbitration 
Committee for failure to meet his obligations as a Deliverer, the Deliverer shall be required to pay 
to the Receiver a price per pound equal to the Settlement Price of the spot Coffee “C” Futures 
Contract on the Date of Delivery less the sum of (i) the price stated in the Delivery Notice and (ii) 
any amount the Receiver has received from the Clearing Organization after the date of the 
Delivery Notice. If such Settlement Price is less than the price stated in the Delivery Notice, 
neither Deliverer nor Receiver shall be obliged to compensate the other party, except to the extent 
required by paragraph (f) of this Rule. 
(h) In the case where a Receiver is determined to be in default by the Special Arbitration 
Committee for failing to meet his obligations as a Receiver, the Receiver named in the Delivery 
Notice shall be required to pay to the Deliverer a price per pound equal to the price stated on the 
Delivery Notice less the sum of (i) the Settlement Price of the spot Coffee “C” Futures Contract 
on the Date of Delivery, and (ii) any amount the Deliverer has received from the Clearing 
Organization after the date of the Delivery Notice. If such Settlement Price is more than the price 
stated in the Delivery Notice, neither Deliverer nor Receiver shall be obliged to compensate the 
other party except to the extent required by paragraph (f) of this Rule. 
(i) The Special Arbitration Committee shall render its award in writing adjudging which, if 
any, party is in default, awarding the amount of money, if any, to be paid by the party in default, 
and granting any further remedy or relief which it deems just and equitable. The award of the 
Special Arbitration Committee shall be final and binding upon each of the parties to the 
arbitration, and judgment upon such award may be entered by any court having jurisdiction. In 
addition, any award, if not complied with within the time specified in the award, shall be 
enforceable by disciplinary proceedings commenced pursuant to the Rules. 
(j) The payment as prescribed above shall be made by the close of business on the second 
(2nd) Business Day after notification in writing of the Special Arbitration Committee's award 
without any setoff or deduction whatsoever. Payment and settlement of any default as determined 
above shall be effected through the President. Such payment shall be accepted as final payment, 
and the net amount of any variation Margins which have been paid to either party from the date of 
issuance of the Delivery Notice to the date of payment of the settlement of the default shall be 
collected from such party by the Clearing Organization and paid to the other party.  
(k) With respect to arbitrations brought pursuant to paragraph (b), a Special Committee shall 
be appointed in accordance with Rule 7.25 within one (1) Business Day of the Exchange's receipt 
of the written notice of the dispute.  The Special Committee shall establish the date, time, and 
place for a hearing. Each Special Committee shall determine the procedures to be followed in any 
hearing before it, except that the procedures listed in subparagraphs (e)(1) through (9) shall apply 
in every case. 
(l) The Special Committee appointed pursuant to paragraph (k) of this Rule shall render its 
award in writing granting any remedy or relief which it deems just and equitable. The award of 
the Special Committee shall be final and binding upon each of the parties to the arbitration, and 
judgment upon such award may be entered by any court having jurisdiction. In addition, any 
award, if not complied with within the time specified in the award, shall be enforceable by 
disciplinary proceedings commenced pursuant to the Rules. 
Amended by the Board April 15, 2009; effective April 24, 2009 [¶ (k)]. 
Amended by the Board April 22, 2019; effective May 31, 2019 [¶¶ (k) and (l)]. 
8.30-8.37. Reserved 


8-16 
COFFEE OPTIONS 
Rule 8.50. Option—Forms 
(a) All Coffee Call Options shall be in the following form: 
COFFEE CALL OPTION 
New York, N.Y. ________ 20__ 
_____________ (the Grantor) hereby grants to ____________ (the Purchaser) an Option to 
enter into one (1) Coffee "C" Futures Contract on the ICE Futures U.S.®, Inc. to purchase coffee 
for delivery in ___________ (the delivery month of the Option's Underlying Futures Contract) at 
a price of ______ cents per pound (the Strike Price). 
The Purchaser hereby agrees to pay a Premium of $_________ for this Option. 
This Option is, and any Exchange Futures Contract resulting from its exercise shall be, made 
in view of, and in all respects subject to, the Rules of the Exchange and the Clearing 
Organization, and of any successor to either of them, as adopted or amended from time to time. 
(b) All Coffee Put Options shall be in the following form: 
COFFEE PUT OPTION 
New York, N.Y. ________ 20__ 
_____________ (the Grantor) hereby grants to _____________ (the Purchaser) an Option to 
enter into one (1) Coffee "C" Futures Contract on the ICE Futures U.S.®, Inc. to sell coffee for 
delivery in _____________ (the delivery month of the Option's Underlying Futures Contract) at a 
price of _______ cents per pound (the Strike Price). 
The Purchaser hereby agrees to pay a Premium of $________ for this Option. 
This Option is, and any Exchange Futures Contract resulting from its exercise shall be, made 
in view of, and in all respects subject to, the Rules of the Exchange and of the Clearing 
Organization, and of any successor to either of them, as adopted or amended from time to time. 
(c) Coffee Options shall not be transferred, assigned or otherwise disposed of other than on 
the Exchange, subject to the Rules and to the Rules of the Clearing Organization. 
Rule 8.51. Trading Months 
(1) Monthly Options 
(a) Except as the Board may from time to time prescribe otherwise, Coffee Options shall be 
traded with respect to Option Months determined in accordance with the following: 
(i) Trading shall be conducted in an Option traded on the March futures which shall expire 
the preceding February, an Option traded on the May futures which shall expire the preceding 
April, an Option traded on the July futures which shall expire the preceding June, an Option 
traded on the September futures which shall expire the preceding August, and an Option 
traded on the December futures which shall expire the preceding November, hereinafter 
referred to as the "Regular Option Months"; and 
(ii) Trading shall also be conducted in an Option traded on the March futures which shall 
expire in December, an Option traded on the March futures which shall expire in January, an 
Option traded on the May Futures which shall expire in March, an Option traded on the July 
futures which shall expire in May, an Option traded on the September futures which shall 
expire in July, an Option traded on the December futures which shall expire in September, 
and an Option traded on the December futures which shall expire in October, hereinafter 
referred to as the "Serial Option Months". 


8-17 
(b) If trading has commenced in the Underlying Futures Contract, a new Option shall be 
listed for trading as follows: 
(i) a new Regular Option Month shall be listed for trading on the first (1st) trading day 
following the first (1st) trading day for the Underlying Futures Contract month; and 
(ii) a new Serial Option Month shall be listed for trading on the first (1st) trading day of the 
third (3rd) calendar month preceding the month in which such Serial Option shall expire. 
(2) Weekly Options 
(a) Except as the Board may from time to time prescribe otherwise, up to three Weekly 
Coffee Options contracts shall be listed for trading at any time:  a Weekly Option expiring in the 
first week of the calendar month, a Weekly Option expiring in the second week of the calendar 
month, a Weekly Option expiring in the third week of the calendar month, a Weekly option 
expiring in the fourth week of the calendar month, and a Weekly Option expiring in the fifth 
week of the calendar month.  The Underlying Future Contract for each Weekly Coffee Option 
Contract shall be the same as the Underlying Future Contract of the first Regular or Serial Option 
Month that has not yet reached its Last Trading Day as of the Last Trading Day of the Weekly 
Option. 
(b) A new Weekly Option contract shall be listed for trading on the first trading day 
following the Last Trading Day of an expiring Weekly Option contract. 
Amended by the Board December 15, 2011; effective February 6, 2012 [¶¶ (1) and (2)(a) and (b)]. 
Amended by the Board May 4, 2022; effective May 20, 2022 [¶¶ (1)(b)(ii)]. 
Rule 8.52. Last Trading Day 
The Last Trading Day shall be, for any Regular or Serial Option Month, the second (2nd) 
Friday of the calendar month preceding such Regular or Serial Option Month; provided, however, 
that: 
(a) for each expiration, there will be a minimum of four (4) trading days between the Last 
Trading Day of the expiring Option and the first (1st) notice day of the expiring future; and 
(b) in the event that 
(i) the Exchange is closed on any such Friday then: 
(1) if the determination that the Exchange would be closed was made more than one (1) 
week prior thereto, the term "Last Trading Day" shall mean the trading day preceding such 
Friday; and 
(2) if such determination was made at any other time, the term "Last Trading Day" shall 
mean the first (1st) trading day after such Friday; and/or 
(ii) there is less than four (4) trading days between any such Friday and the first (1st) notice 
day of the expiring future, the term "Last Trading Day" shall mean the fifth (5th) Business 
Day preceding the first (1st) notice day of the expiring future. 
(c) The Last Trading Day for any Weekly Option contract shall be the Friday of the week in 
which the Weekly Option is scheduled to expire.  If such Friday is not an Exchange Business 
Day, then the Last Trading Day shall be the first preceding Business Day.  In the event that the 
Last Trading Day for a Weekly Option is also the Last Trading Day for a Regular or Serial 
Option Month, then that Weekly Option contract shall not be listed for trading. 
Amended by the Board December 15, 2011; effective February 6, 2012 [¶ (c)]. 
 


8-18 
Rule 8.53. Strike Prices 
(a) Trading shall only be conducted in Regular or Serial or Weekly Coffee Options having 
Strike Prices determined in accordance with this Rule. 
(b) The Strike Prices of Options shall be at levels (the "prescribed levels") set at intervals (the 
"prescribed intervals") of $.025. 
(c) The Exchange may list such Strike Prices as the Exchange may from time to time 
determine.  In addition, at the time Coffee Options for any Regular Option Month are first (1st) 
listed for trading pursuant to Rule 8.51, they shall be listed with at least thirteen (13) Strike Prices 
each for Puts and Calls at the prescribed $.025 level.   
Amended by the Board on March 26, 2008; effective March 28, 2008 [¶¶ (b), (c)(i) and (ii)]. 
Amended by the Board December 15, 2011; effective February 6, 2012 [¶ (a)]. 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2023; effective April 20, 2023 [¶ (c)]. 
Rule 8.54. Premium Quotations 
Premiums shall be quoted in cents per pound. The minimum fluctuation in Premiums shall be 
$.0001 per pound, except that Trades may occur at a price of $1.00 per Option Contract if such 
Trades result in the liquidation of Positions for both parties to the Trade. 
Rule 8.55. Obligations of Option Purchasers 
(a) The Purchaser which clears a Coffee Option shall pay in full the Premium to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with the Rules of the Clearing Organization. 
(b) The Purchaser of a Coffee Option shall, upon exercising such Option in accordance with 
the Rules, enter into an Underlying Futures Contract to buy (in the case of a Call) or to sell (in the 
case of a Put) coffee for delivery in the Regular or Serial Option Month's Underlying Futures 
Contract, at the Strike Price specified in such Option; provided, however, that any such contract 
entered into upon exercise shall be entered into for the account of the Person having purchased 
the Coffee Option. 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2023; effective June 1, 2023 [¶¶ (a) and (b)]. 
Rule 8.56. Obligations of Option Grantors 
(a) The Grantor which clears a Coffee Option shall make such Margin deposits as the 
Clearing Organization may require. 
(b) The Grantor of a Coffee Option shall, upon being assigned an Exercise Notice in 
accordance with the Rules of the Clearing Organization, enter into an Underlying Futures 
Contract to sell (in the case of a Call) or to buy (in the case of a Put) coffee for delivery in the 
Regular or Serial Option Month's Underlying Futures Contract, at the Strike Price specified in 
such Option; provided, however, that any such contract entered into upon assignment of an 
Exercise Notice shall be entered into for the account of the person having granted the Coffee 
Option. 
 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2023; effective June 1, 2023 [¶¶ (a) and (b)].


8-19 
Rule 8.57. Effect of Clearance 
Upon acceptance of a Coffee Option by the Clearing Organization, the Clearing Organization 
shall be substituted as, and assume the position of, the Purchaser to the Clearing Member which is 
the Grantor and the position of the Grantor to the Clearing Member which is the Purchaser; and 
thereupon the Clearing Organization shall have all the rights and obligations with respect to such 
Option as the parties for which it is substituted. 
Rule 8.58. Expiration and Exercise of Options 
(a) The Purchaser must receive from its Customer which intends to exercise a Coffee Option 
on the Last Trading Day, notification of such intention not later than 4:00 PM on such day. In 
order for a Purchaser to exercise a Coffee Option for its own account on the Last Trading Day it 
must have done so or have made a determination to do so not later than 4:00 PM on such day. 
The Purchaser must make and maintain a record of all notices received and all determinations 
made pursuant to this Rule, and such record must show by time stamp or otherwise the date and 
time of receipt or making. 
(b) The Purchaser of a Coffee Option may exercise such Option on any Business Day by 
giving an Exercise Notice, in the form prescribed by the Clearing Organization, to the Clearing 
Organization not later than 5:00 p.m. Such Notice shall be effective upon the opening of Coffee 
"C" futures trading on the Business Day following the day of receipt by the Clearing 
Organization. An Exercise Notice with respect to a Coffee Option purchased on the day such 
Notice is given shall not be effective unless such Option has been accepted by the Clearing 
Organization. An Exercise Notice which is given with respect to an Option which is not accepted 
by the Clearing Organization shall be deemed withdrawn by the Purchaser. 
(c) If an Exercise Notice is given, the Purchaser shall deposit Original Margin for the 
Underlying Futures Contract with the Clearing Organization at such time as may be required by 
the Clearing Organization. 
(d) Upon exercise of each Coffee Option, notification thereof shall be given to the Option 
Grantor. 
Rule 8.59. Automatic Exercise Levels for Coffee Options 
After the close on the Last Trading Day in the Coffee Options Contract, the Clearing 
Organization will automatically exercise any open long Option that has a Strike Price below (in 
the case of a Call Option) or above (in the case of a Put Option) the Settlement Price of the 
Underlying Futures Contract on that day by an amount which equals or exceeds the minimum 
price increment permitted under the Rules for the Underlying Futures Contract, unless, before 
5:00 p.m. on the Last Trading Day, the Clearing Member carrying such Option gives the Clearing 
Organization written instructions that any such Option is to expire unexercised. 
 
CALENDAR SPREAD OPTIONS ON COFFEE “C’ FUTURES 
 
Rule 8.60. Scope of Chapter 
 
(a) A Transaction involving Options to enter into Coffee “C” Calendar Spread Futures 
Contracts on the Exchange shall be referred to as either a “Coffee Spread Option” or “KCSO”. 
(b) A Coffee Put Spread Option represents an Option to assume a short Position in the first 
(1st) expiring Coffee “C” Futures Contract in the spread and a long Position in the second (2nd) 
expiring Coffee “C” Futures Contract in the spread traded on the Exchange. A Coffee Call Spread 
Option represents an Option to assume a long Position in the first (1st) expiring Coffee “C” 


8-20 
Futures Contract in the spread and a short Position in the second (2nd) expiring Coffee “C” 
Futures Contract in the spread traded on the Exchange. 
(c) For the purposes of this Chapter, unless otherwise noted herein, the following terms shall 
have the following meanings: 
 
(i) the term “Spread Price” shall mean the mathematical result of subtracting the price of 
the second (2nd) delivery month of the Underlying Futures Contract in the KCSO from the 
price of the first (1st) delivery month of the Underlying Futures Contract in the KCSO; and 
(ii) the term “Settlement Spread Price” shall mean the mathematical result of subtracting 
the Settlement Price of the second (2nd) delivery month of the Underlying Futures Contract in 
the KCSO from the Settlement Price of the first (1st) delivery month of the Underlying 
Futures Contract in the KCSO.    
 
Rule 8.61. Option – Forms 
 
(a) All Coffee Call Spread Options shall be in the following form: 
 
COFFEE CALL SPREAD OPTION 
 
New York, N.Y. __________20__ 
 
_____________ (the Grantor) hereby grants to _______________ (the Purchaser) a spread 
Option to enter into one Coffee “C” futures spread on ICE Futures U.S. to purchase coffee for 
delivery in __________ (the first (1st) delivery month in the Option’s Underlying Futures 
Contract of the spread) and to sell coffee for delivery in __________ (the second (2nd) delivery 
month in the Option’s Underlying Futures Contract of the spread) at a Spread Price of _________ 
cents per pound (the Strike Price of the KCSO). 
 
The Purchaser hereby agrees to pay a Premium of $___________ for this KCSO. 
 
This KCSO is, and any Exchange Futures Contracts resulting from its exercise shall be, made 
in view of, and in all respects subject to, the Rules of ICE Futures U.S., of the Clearing 
Organization, and of any successor to either of them, as adopted or amended from time to time. 
 
 
(b) All Coffee Put Spread Options shall be in the following form: 
 
 
COFFEE PUT SPREAD OPTION 
 
New York, N.Y._________20__ 
 
_______________ (the Grantor) hereby grants to _______________ (the Purchaser) a spread 
Option to enter into one Coffee “C” futures spread on ICE Futures U.S. to sell coffee for delivery 
in ___________ (the first (1st) delivery month of the Option’s Underlying Futures Contract of the 
spread) and to buy for delivery in __________ (the second (2nd) delivery month of the Option’s 
Underlying Futures Contract of the spread) at a Spread Price of __________ cents per pound (the 
Strike Price of the KCSO). 
 
The Purchaser herby agrees to pay a Premium of $_________ for this KCSO. 
 


8-21 
This KCSO is, and any Exchange Futures Contracts resulting from its exercise shall be, made 
in view of, and in all respects subject to, the Rules of ICE Futures U.S., of the Clearing 
Organization, and of any successor to them, as adopted or amended from time to time. 
 
(c) Coffee Spread Options shall not be transferred, assigned or otherwise disposed of other 
than on the Exchange, subject to the Rules of the Exchange and the Clearing Organization. 
 
Rule 8.62. Trading Months 
 
(a)  Except as the Board may otherwise prescribe, expiration months of the Underlying 
Futures Contract which are eligible for listing with respect to Coffee Spread Options shall be: 
March, May, July, September and December.  
(b)  Except as the Board may otherwise prescribe, Coffee Spread Options shall be listed for 
trading as follows: 
(i) 1 month series: Each of the first four expiration months paired with its next successive 
expiration month; 
 
(ii) 2 month series: Each of the first three expiration months paired with its second 
successive expiration month; 
 
(iii) 3 month series: Each of the first two expiration months paired with its third successive 
expiration month;  
 
(iv) 4 month series: The first expiration month paired with its fourth successive expiration 
month; and 
 
(v) 5 month series: Each of the first five expiration months paired with its fifth successive 
expiration month.  
 
(c)  If trading has commenced in the Underlying Futures Contract, a new KCSO shall be 
listed as follows: 
 
(i) with respect to the one month, two month, three month and four month series, a new 
KCSO shall be listed for trading on the first trading day following the expiration of a KCSO 
contained in the series; and 
(ii) with respect to the five month series, a new KCSO shall be listed for trading on the first 
trading day following the first trading day for the far month related futures contract.  
Rule 8.63. Last Trading Day 
 
The Last Trading Day for any KCSO series pair shall be the day as provided for in Coffee 
“C” Rule 8.52, as that day would apply to the Regular Option contract whose underlying futures 
contract is the first expiring delivery month in the pair. 
Rule 8.64. Strike Prices 
 
(a) Trading shall only be conducted in a KCSO having a Strike Price determined in 
accordance with this Rule. 
(b) The Strike Prices of a KCSO that is listed for trading shall be at levels which are at 
intervals of one-quarter cent per pound ($.0025). 
(c) Except as the Board or President may otherwise prescribe, a KCSO shall be listed for 
trading with particular prices for each KCSO as follows: 


8-22 
(i) At the time any KCSO is first listed for trading pursuant to Rule 8.62, they shall be 
listed with seven (7) one-quarter cent Strike Prices, as required in paragraph (b), each for Puts 
and Calls. The first (1st) one-quarter cent Strike Price shall be set at the prescribed level 
which is equal to the Settlement Spread Price for the underlying futures spread on the 
previous trading day, or if such Settlement Spread Price is not equal to any such prescribed 
level, then at the next prescribed level above such Settlement Spread Price. The other six (6) 
one-quarter cent Strike Prices shall be at each of the three (3) prescribed levels above and the 
three (3) prescribed levels below the first (1st) Strike Price. 
(ii) Whenever the Strike Prices of a listed KCSO do not include the first (1st) prescribed 
one-quarter cent level above the Settlement Spread Price for the underlying futures spread on 
the previous trading day, or either of the three (3) one-quarter cent prescribed levels above or 
below such a level, they shall be listed for trading the following day. 
 
(iii) Any listing of Striking Prices prescribed by the Board or President under this Rule 
shall be made effective upon adoption or as otherwise determined by the Board or the 
President.  
 
(d) A KCSO shall be delisted if for ten (10) consecutive trading days no Transaction is 
executed, and there is no open position, in such KCSO; provided however, that no KCSO shall be 
so delisted if it has a Strike Price which is at the first (1st) one-quarter cent level above the 
Settlement Spread Price of the underlying futures spread on the previous trading day, or is at 
either of the three (3) prescribed one-quarter cent levels above or below such level as set forth in 
subparagraphs (c)(i) and (c)(ii); and provided further that no KCSO shall be delisted if there is a 
KCSO in another class with the same Strike Price that does not otherwise qualify for delisting. 
Rule 8.65. Premium Quotations 
 
Premiums shall be quoted in cents and hundredths of a cent per pound. The minimum 
fluctuation in Premiums shall be $.0001 per pound, except that Trades may occur at a price of 
$1.00 per KCSO contract if such Trades result in the liquidation of Positions for both parties to 
the Trade. 
 
Rule 8.66. Obligations of KCSO Purchasers 
 
(a) The Purchaser which clears a KCSO shall pay in full the Premium to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with the Clearing Organization Rules. 
(b) The Purchaser of a KCSO shall, upon exercising such KCSO in accordance with the 
Rules, enter into Underlying Futures Contracts to buy the first (1st) delivery month in the KCSO 
and sell the second (2nd) delivery month in the KCSO (in the case of a Call) or to enter into 
Underlying Futures Contracts to sell the first (1st) delivery month in the KCSO and buy the 
second (2nd) delivery month of the KCSO (in the case of a Put), at a Spread Price equal to the 
Strike Price specified in such KCSO; provided, however, that any such contracts entered into 
upon exercise shall be entered into the account of the Person having purchased the KCSO. 
 
(c) Futures contracts entered into by the Purchaser of a KCSO, as provided for in paragraph 
(c) herein, shall have prices assigned to those futures contracts in the following manner: 
 
(i) The first (1st) delivery month futures contract shall be assigned the price equal to the 
Settlement Price for that month on the day of exercise; and 
 


8-23 
(ii) The second (2nd) delivery month futures contract shall be assigned the price that is the 
mathematical result of the first (1st) delivery month futures contract Settlement Price, as 
provided for in subparagraph (d)(i) herein, minus the Spread Price specified in such KCSO.  
 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2023; effective June 1, 2023 [¶¶ (a) through (c)]. 
 
Rule 8.67. Obligations of KCSO Grantors 
 
(a) The Grantor of a KCSO shall make such Margin deposits as the Clearing Organization 
may require. 
(b) The Grantor of a KCSO shall, upon being assigned an Exercise Notice in accordance with 
the Clearing Organization Rules, enter into Underlying Futures Contracts to sell the first (1st) 
delivery month of the KCSO and buy the second (2nd) delivery month of a KCSO (in the case of a 
Call) or to enter into Underlying Futures Contracts to buy the first (1st) delivery month of the 
KCSO and sell the second (2nd) delivery month in the KCSO (in the case of a Put), at a Spread 
Price equal to the Strike Price specified in such KCSO; provided, however, that any such 
contracts entered into upon assignment of an Exercise Notice shall be entered into for the account 
of the Person having granted the KCSO. 
 
(c) Futures contracts entered into by the Grantor of a KCSO, as provided for in paragraph (c) 
herein, shall have prices assigned to those futures contracts in the following manner: 
 
(i) The first (1st) delivery month futures contract shall be assigned the price equal to the 
Settlement Price for that month on the day of exercise; and 
 
(ii) The second (2nd) delivery month futures contract shall be assigned the price that is the 
mathematical result of the first (1st) delivery month futures contract Settlement Price, as 
provided for in subparagraph (d)(i) herein, minus the Spread Price specified in such KCSO. 
 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2023; effective June 1, 2023 {¶¶ (a) through (c)]. 
 
Rule 8.68. Effect of Clearance 
 
Upon acceptance of a KCSO by the Clearing Organization, the Clearing Organization shall 
be substituted as, and assume the position of the Purchaser to the Clearing Member which is the 
Grantor and the position of the Grantor to the Clearing Member which is the Purchaser; and 
thereupon the Clearing Organization shall have all the rights and obligations with respect to such 
KCSO as the parties for which it is substituted. 
 
Rule 8.69. Expiration and Exercise of KCSOs 
 
(a) The Purchaser must receive from its Customer which intends to exercise a KCSO on the 
Last Trading Day, notification of such intention not later than 3:00 p.m. on such day. In order for 
a Purchaser to exercise a KCSO for its own account on the Last Trading Day it must have done so 
or have made a determination to do so not later than 3:00 p.m. on such day. The Purchaser must 
make and maintain a record of all notices received and all determinations made pursuant to this 
Rule, and such record must show by time stamp or otherwise the date and time of receipt or 
making. 
(b) The Purchaser of a KCSO may exercise such KCSO on any Business Day by giving an 
Exercise Notice, in the form prescribed by the Clearing Organization, to the Clearing 
Organization no later than 5:00 p.m. Such notice shall be effective upon the opening of Coffee 
“C” futures trading on the Business Day following the day of receipt by the Clearing 


8-24 
Organization. An Exercise Notice with respect to a KCSO purchased on the day such notice is 
given shall not be effective unless such KCSO has been accepted by the Clearing Organization. 
An Exercise Notice which is given with respect to a KCSO which is not accepted by the Clearing 
Organization shall be deemed withdrawn by the Purchaser. 
(c) If an Exercise Notice is given, the Purchaser shall deposit Original Margin for the 
Underlying Futures Contract with the Clearing Organization at such time as may be required by 
the Clearing Organization. 
(d) Upon exercise of each KCSO, notification thereof shall be given to the KCSO Grantor. 
 
Rule 8.70. Automatic Exercise Levels 
 
After the close on the Last Trading Day in the Coffee Spread Options Contract, the Clearing 
Organization will automatically exercise any open long KCSO that has a Striking Price below (in 
the case of a Call) or above (in the case of a Put) the Settlement Spread Price of the Underlying 
Futures Contracts on that day by an amount which equals or exceeds the minimum price 
increment permitted under the Rules for the Underlying Futures Contract, unless, before 5:00 
p.m. the Last Trading Day, the Clearing Member carrying such KCSO gives the Clearing 
Organization written instructions that any such KCSO is to expire unexercised. 
 


8-25 
COFFEE APPENDIXES 
APPENDIX I 
Procedures for Sampling Coffee 
The following procedures must be followed by Members and Licensees in connection with 
the sampling of Coffee "C": 
(a) Samples. 
(1) In order to be deliverable under a Coffee “C” Futures Contract, each Chop must be 
sampled in accordance with these procedures by a Master Sampler licensed by the Exchange. 
As used herein, the term "Sampler" means an individual employee or agent of a Master 
Sampler, or Comparison Sampler who samples coffee and the term "Master Sampler" means 
the Firm on whose behalf the Sampler is sampling the coffee. 
(2) The failure of a Master Sampler to comply with these sampling procedures will subject 
such Master Sampler to fines and penalties as provided in the Licensing Rules of the 
Exchange. 
(3) The President is authorized to suspend or cancel a Certificate of Grade if the Exchange 
has reason to believe that the coffee covered thereby does not run uniform as to grade or that 
such Certificate of Grade was obtained on the basis of samples which were not drawn, 
submitted or graded in accordance with the Rules. 
(b) Authorization of Samplers. 
By submitting a Sampling Order, in such forms as the Exchange prescribes, the submitter 
authorizes the Exchange to select a Master Sampler to draw on such Person's behalf a fair and 
representative sample of each Chop of the coffee referred to in such application in accordance 
with the terms and conditions of these sampling procedures. 
(c) Selection of Master Samplers. 
The Exchange shall select Master Samplers on a rotation basis from a list of duly licensed 
Master Samplers, provided, however, that a Master Sampler that has been granted a license as a 
warehouse operator will be excluded from the selection process with respect to the drawing of 
samples from any of its licensed stores. A Master Sampler shall be responsible for drawing a fair 
and representative sample and submitting such sample to the Exchange. 
(d) Sampling Order. 
Every Sampling Order created on eCOPS shall be deemed a request to sample the coffee 
covered by such Sampling Order. Incomplete Sampling Orders will not be processed by eCOPS. 
eCOPS will notify the Master Samplers selected in accordance with paragraph (c) above at the 
time the Sampling Order is created.  
(e) Review of Marks. 
(1) Before drawing a sample, a Sampler shall compare the identifying marks which appear 
on the physical bags of coffee with the identifying marks which appear on the Sampling 
Order. 
(2) The Sampler shall not draw a sample: 
(i) if (A) the identifying marks which appear on the physical bags of coffee differ from 
those which appear on the Sampling Order, and (B) the Sampler has reason to suspect that 


8-26 
the coffee he is about to sample is not from the same Chop as the coffee covered by the 
Sampling Order; 
(ii) if (A) the identifying marks are inaccessible or illegible and (B) the information on 
the warehouse tags differs from the identifying marks on the Sampling Order, and (C) the 
Sampler has reason to suspect that the coffee he is about to sample is not from the same 
Chop as the coffee covered by the sampling order; or 
(iii) if (A) the identifying marks contained on the physical bags of coffee are 
inaccessible or illegible, and (B) there are no warehouse tags affixed to the Chop to be 
sampled. 
(f) Procedure. 
(1) Each Master Sampler selected to sample coffee shall be responsible for printing three 
(3) copies of the appropriate Sampling Orders from eCOPS.  
(2) In drawing a sample, a Sampler shall act in accordance with commercial practice, 
except as modified by these sampling procedures. 
(3) If coffee to be sampled is not located in a Licensed Store, the Sampler shall make 
reasonable efforts to conform to these procedures. 
(4) Each sample shall be drawn by means of a standard coffee tier and shall consist of 
coffee from (i) at least ten percent (10%) of the total number of bags listed in the Sampling 
Order, and (ii) at least two (2) sides of every pile, at least one (1) of which must be on the long 
side of the tier or aisle. Once the sample has been drawn, the Master Sampler shall scrape the 
bag surface area of the tier hole to re-close the bag weaving to minimize spillage. 
(5) All samples must be placed directly in sampling bags. When an appropriate sized 
sample has been drawn, the Sampler shall immediately tie, seal, and tag the bag. 
(6) All samples must be delivered to the Exchange within two (2) Business Days following 
receipt of the Sampling Order (or three (3) Business Days in the case of coffee stored in 
Antwerp, Hamburg/Bremen, Barcelona, Houston, the Port of Virginia, New Orleans or 
Miami), or within such longer period as allowed by the Exchange for good cause shown. 
(7) Samples shall be no more than and no less than five (5) pounds. 
(8) Reserved. 
(9) If, in the course of drawing a sample, a Sampler has reason to believe that the coffee 
sampled does not run uniform as to grade, he shall draw a separate one (1) pound sample of 
each of the grades found and deliver any such samples to the Exchange. 
(10) Once a sample has been drawn, and the sample bag has been tagged and sealed, such 
sample bag shall not be delivered to any Person other than an employee designated by the 
Exchange to receive such samples at the premises of the Exchange. In the event that the 
Person delivering samples to the Exchange is not licensed by the Exchange, such Person shall 
be deemed to be an agent of the Master Sampler; provided, however, that in the case of coffee 
stored in the Port of Antwerp, or Port of Hamburg/Bremen, Port of Houston or Port of New 
Orleans or Miami or the Port of Virginia all samples must be delivered by an employee of the 
Master Sampler directly to a courier service selected by the Exchange. 
(11) Upon the delivery of a sample to the Exchange, the Person delivering such sample 
shall be required to furnish written proof of delivery or to sign a log maintained by the 
Exchange, indicating his name and the name of the Master Sampler on whose behalf he is 
acting. 


8-27 
(12) Any Person who has submitted a Sampling Order may examine any sample drawn in 
connection with such Sampling Order during Exchange business hours; provided, however, 
that he has not examined the same sample before and that such examination does not take 
place at a time when the sample is being or is about to be graded. If upon any such 
examination such Person approves of the sample, he shall indicate his approval upon the 
Sampling Order. If such Person does not approve the sample, he may withdraw the sample. 
The failure to examine a sample drawn in connection with a Sampling Order submitted by 
such Person prior to grading shall constitute a waiver of such Person's right to object to such 
sample on the ground that it is not representative of the Lot from which it was drawn. 
 
(g) Reporting. 
Immediately following the drawing of a sample from a Chop, the Sampler shall note the 
following information upon the three (3) copies of the Sampling Order printed from eCOPS to the 
extent applicable: 
(1) Any differences between the identifying marks which appear on the physical bags of 
coffee and those on the Sampling Order, together with an explanation of the nature of each 
such difference; 
(2) The inaccessibility or illegibility of the identifying marks on the physical bags of 
coffee; 
(3) The absence of a warehouse tag affixed to any side of the tier or aisle of the Chop to be 
sampled where the marks on the physical bags of coffee are inaccessible or illegible; 
(4) The fact that the coffee sampled is not stored so that two (2) sides (including at least 
one (1) long side) of the tier or aisle are accessible to the sampler as required by the 
Exchange's warehouse procedures. 
In any such instance, the Sampler should describe the condition of the coffee as accurately as 
possible on the Sampling Order. 
(h) Signing of Sampling Orders; Issuance of eCOPS Sampling Confirmations; Delivery of 
Samples 
(1) The Sampler and an authorized representative of the warehouse or pier, where the 
sampled coffee is located, shall each sign all three (3) copies of the Sampling Order, and the 
warehouse representative shall indicate on each such copy the date and time of his receipt of 
such Sampling Order from the Sampler. 
(2) The Sampler shall certify that the coffee sampled is uniform or state any reason to 
believe that the coffee sampled may not be uniform. 
(3) The signature of a Sampler shall be deemed to be a certification by the Sampler that 
each sample drawn pursuant to the Sampling Order was drawn in accordance with these 
procedures. 
(4) The signature of a warehouse representative shall be deemed to be a certification that 
on the date he signed the Sampling Order, the Sampler appeared at the Licensed Store 
indicated on the Sampling Order and left the premises with samples in his possession. 
(5) The Master Sampler shall insert into the bag, one (1) copy of the signed and completed 
Sampling Order, mark the Exchange sequence number on the outside of the sample bag and 
deliver the sample(s) to the Exchange. 
(6) Both the Master Sampler and the warehouse shall retain a copy of each Sampling 
Order in their respective files for a period of at least two (2) years. 


8-28 
(7) After completing all of the procedures identified in paragraphs (a)-(h) of this Appendix 
I, the Master Sampler shall issue a Sampling Confirmation to the Exchange and the Member 
requesting the sample, through eCOPS. 
(i) Acceptance of Samples by the Exchange. 
(1) The Exchange reserves the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, to refuse to accept 
or process any sample which it has reason to suspect: (i) was improperly drawn; (ii) is not fair 
and representative of the Chop to which it relates; or (iii) contains evidence of active insect 
infestation. The Exchange's acceptance or processing of a sample is not intended as and shall 
not be considered an acknowledgement, agreement, or representation by the Exchange that 
such sample has been properly drawn or is fair and representative. 
(2) Unless the Member owning such sample has notified the Exchange otherwise the 
Exchange shall retain for a period of five (5) calendar days following the date of the 
Certificate of Grade any sample found to be deliverable in accordance with the procedures for 
grading. 
(j) Impartiality. 
Samplers must be impartial and unbiased. Neither a Master Sampler nor a Sampler may 
sample coffee if such Person or an immediate family member: (i) directly or indirectly has an 
ownership interest or is a partner or employee of a Firm which has an ownership interest in the 
coffee submitted for Exchange sampling; (ii) directly or indirectly, is a  Deliverer or Receiver of 
coffee tendered under Exchange Futures Contracts or is a partner or employee of a Firm which is 
a Deliverer or Receiver of Coffee tendered under Exchange Futures Contracts; (iii) directly or 
indirectly has an ownership interest in, or is an employee of, the warehouse operator where the 
coffee submitted for Exchange sampling is stored; or (iv) has any other business or personal 
relationship that poses a conflict of interest with respect to the sampling of coffee under 
Exchange Futures Contracts. 
(k) Confidentiality. 
(1) Each Master Sampler shall maintain in strict confidence all information pertaining to a 
Sampling Order and to the circumstances and nature of its activities in drawing a sample, and 
shall not communicate such information to any Person other than a representative of the 
Exchange acting in his official capacity. 
(2) All Sampling Orders issued for the delivery of coffee under the Coffee “C” Futures 
Contract are the property of the Exchange and shall not be used by the Master Sampler except 
in accordance with these sampling procedures. In the event that such Sampling Orders are lost, 
stolen, or requested by any Person or Firm, the Master Sampler shall notify the Exchange of 
such event immediately. 
(l) Fees. 
(1) A Member who submits a Sampling Order shall pay the Master Samplers a fee in 
connection with services rendered in accordance with these sampling procedures, whether or 
not a sample was actually drawn. 
(2) In the case of coffee stored in Antwerp, Hamburg/Bremen, Houston, New Orleans, the 
Port of Virginia or Miami, the Deliverer shall pay the cost of delivering a sample by courier to 
the Exchange premises. 
 


8-29 
(m) No Exchange Liability. 
These sampling procedures have been designed to promote the integrity and impartiality of 
the sampling process, and do not constitute an assumption by the Exchange in any respect of any 
responsibility or liability for sampling. All sampling of coffee continues to be the responsibility 
of the Person on whose behalf the coffee is sampled, and the Exchange shall have no liability for 
any acts or omissions in connection with such sampling. The Exchange shall not be liable in any 
way by reason of the fact that any sample was not drawn in accordance with these procedures, or 
was otherwise improperly drawn, or was not fair and representative of the Chop to which it is 
purported to relate. 
Amended by the Board May 22, 2007; effective May 23, 2007 [¶ (c)]. 
Amended by the Board August 31, 2011; effective September 22, 2011 [¶ (c)]. 
Amended by the Board December 15, 2011; effective January 9, 2012 [¶ (j)]. 
Amended by the Board July 9, 2014; effective July 29, 2014 [¶ ¶ (f)(6), (f)(10) and (l)(2) with the 
addition of the Port of Virginia]. 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2018; effective April 23, 2018 [¶¶(i)(1)]. 
APPENDIX II 
Procedures for Grading Coffee and Issuance of Certificates of Grade 
The following procedures must be followed by Members and Licensees in connection with the 
grading of Coffee "C": 
(a) eCOPS Sampling Order. 
(1) A Person who wishes to have coffee graded by the Exchange shall first (1st) submit to 
the Exchange a Sampling Order in the form prescribed by the Exchange. eCOPS will assign 
an Exchange identification number to each Sampling Order.  
(2) No Sampling Order will be processed unless it is fully completed. 
(b) Prohibition on Resubmissions. 
(1) Except with respect to appeals under subparagraph (m) below, and unless otherwise 
determined by the Exchange, a Sampling Order may not be submitted covering coffee 
previously submitted to the Exchange for grading. 
(c) Sampling. 
The Exchange shall have the coffee covered by the Sampling Order sampled by a Master 
Sampler in accordance with Exchange sampling procedures. 
(d) Selection of Grading Panel. 
Upon receipt of a sample drawn and delivered by a duly-licensed Master Sampler in 
accordance with Exchange procedures, the Exchange shall randomly select three (3) graders from 
the list of licensed graders who will examine such sample and determine whether such sample 
satisfies the delivery standards under a Coffee “C” Futures Contract. 
(e) Procedures for Grading. 
Graders shall grade samples in accordance with normal commercial practice and: 
(1) shall only grade samples of such size as is contained in a standard aluminum tray which 
measures 5"x8" with 1.2" sidewalls with the tray filled and leveled off to the top; 
 
(2) shall not perform any grading unless an Exchange employee is present in the 
grading room at all times during such grading; 


8-30 
(3) shall test no fewer than six (6) cups of each Chop in determining whether coffee is 
sound and free from all unwashed and aged flavors in the cup; and 
(4) shall examine the roasted coffee in determining whether coffee is of good roasting 
quality. 
(f) Minimum Standards. 
The minimum standards for delivery under the Coffee “C” Futures Contract are as follows: 
(1) The coffee is sound and free from all unwashed and aged flavors in the cup; 
(2) The coffee is of good roasting quality; 
(3) The coffee is of such bean size that (i) fifty percent (50%) of the coffee sampled 
screens fifteen (15) or larger, and (ii) no more than five percent (5%) of the coffee 
sampled screens below fourteen (14); 
(4) The coffee is greenish and free of foreign odors; and 
(5) The coffee contains no more than fifteen (15) full imperfections below the basis, 
except that in the case of Colombian coffee the maximum number of full imperfections 
below the basis shall be ten (10). 
(g) Schedule of Imperfections. 
(1) The following constitute one (1) full imperfection: 
one (1) full black; 
one (1) full sour; 
one (1) pod or cherry; 
five (5) shells; 
five (5) broken or cut beans; 
two (2) to five (5) partly black or partly sour or partly immature beans, depending 
upon the extent to which each bean is discolored or spoiled; 
five (5) floaters; 
three (3) sticks smaller than one-half (1/2) inch; 
one (1) stick ranging in size from one-half (1/2) inch to one (1) inch; 
three (3) stones below screen twelve (12); 
one (1) stone below screen sixteen (16) but above screen twelve (12); 
two (2) to three (3) hulls or husks, depending upon size; 
ten (10) bored beans; and 
two (2) to three (3) parchments, depending upon size. 
(2) The following constitute two (2) full imperfections: 
one (1) stick ranging in size from greater than one (1) inch to two (2) inches; and 
one (1) stone below screen twenty (20) and above screen fifteen (15)  
(3) The following constitute three (3) full imperfections: 
one (1) stick larger than two (2) inches; and 
one (1) stone above screen twenty (20). 
(4) Any additional non-coffee item shall be one (1) full imperfection. 
 (h) Schedule of Bases. 
For purposes of these procedures, the bases of various growths of coffee are as follows: 


8-31 
(1) Coffee of Guatemala, Salvador, Mexico, Costa Rica, Nicaragua, Honduras, Kenya, 
Tanzania, Uganda, Papua New Guinea, Peru, Venezuela, Dominican Republic, Burundi, 
Ecuador, India, Rwanda, Brazil and Panama—eight (8) full imperfections; and 
(2) Coffee of Colombia—thirteen (13) full imperfections. 
(i) Decision of Graders. 
The grading panel shall determine by majority vote whether the coffee graded satisfies the 
minimum standards for coffee deliverable under the Coffee “C” Futures Contract. For purposes of 
determining whether the coffee graded has no more than the maximum number of imperfections, 
the Exchange shall take the average of the number of imperfections calculated by each grader. 
(j) Certificate of Grade. 
The Exchange shall issue a Certificate of Grade with respect to the Chop of coffee covered by 
the Sampling Order, provided that 
(1) such coffee has been sampled in accordance with Exchange sampling procedures and a 
majority of the graders has found that such coffee satisfies the minimum standards established 
for coffee to be delivered under the Coffee “C” Futures Contract; 
(2) such coffee is in a Licensed Store and the Exchange shall have received a certification 
of uniformity from the Master Sampler, in such form as the Exchange may prescribe from 
time to time; 
(3) the licensed warehouse in which the coffee is located has issued an EWR confirming 
the receipt and storage of such coffee; 
(4) if the Sampling Order indicates that the coffee submitted thereunder has been imported 
from ports other than the port of origin: 
(i) the Sampling Order shall be deemed to include a certification by the Person 
submitting the Sampling Order or his authorized representative substantially in the 
following form: 
"I hereby certify that the information contained in the Sampling Order is full and complete. 
The coffee for which grading has been requested has not been removed from its original 
bags, and I have in my possession documents or other evidence to substantiate this fact. I 
will accept full responsibility for the accuracy of this certification."; and 
(ii) such Person shall furnish the Exchange with full particulars of the ports at which the 
coffee was located and the ships in which the coffee was transported from the time the 
coffee was shipped from the port of origin to its arrival in the Port of New York District, 
the Port of Antwerp, the Port of Hamburg/Bremen, the Port of Barcelona, the Port of 
Houston, the Port of New Orleans, the Port of Miami or the Port of Virginia accompanied 
by a consular invoice or a copy of an I.C.O. (International Coffee Organization) 
Certificate of Origin (Form O, R OR T), or a bill of lading sufficient to identify the 
original port of shipment of the coffee. This information will be retained by the Exchange 
and disclosed upon request, but the Exchange will not ascertain the accuracy or validity of 
such information. 
(5) The provisions of subparagraphs (2) through (4) hereof must be satisfied within two 
(2) calendar months of the date the coffee was graded. 
(k) Reserved.  
(l) Fees. 


8-32 
The fee for grading is hereby established as one dollar and twenty five cents ($1.25) per bag 
of coffee with a minimum fee of forty dollars ($40.00). All fees will be paid by the Person 
submitting a Sampling Order at the time the Sampling Order is created. In the event coffee 
covered by a Sampling Order is not graded for any reason, the Exchange will refund to the 
submitter thereof sixty two cents ($.62) per bag. 
(m) Appeal. 
(1) The decision of the grading panel shall be final and binding unless appealed by the 
owner of the coffee in accordance with this paragraph. 
(2) The owner of the coffee submitted under these procedures may appeal from any 
decision of the graders by filing in duplicate a written Notice of Appeal with the Exchange 
within two (2) Business Days after notification of the results of grading. Notices of Appeal 
shall be in the form prescribed by the Exchange. 
(3) Upon the filing of a Notice of Appeal, the sample or samples of the Chop or Chops of 
the coffee with respect to which the appeal is made, or, if the owner so chooses and at his 
expense, a different sample obtained in accordance with Appendix I of the Coffee “C” Futures 
Contract Rules and from the coffee that is the subject of the appeal, shall be submitted for 
grading to three (3) qualified graders selected randomly by the Exchange from the panel of 
licensed graders. The graders so selected shall not include any grader who rendered the 
decision being appealed or any grader who may not be impartial within the meaning of the 
Rules. 
(4) A majority decision of the appeals panel of graders may not be appealed. 
(5) The fee for an appeal shall be one dollar twenty five cents ($1.25) per bag and shall 
accompany the Notice of Appeal. If the original decision under appeal is modified, the 
Exchange shall reimburse forty cents ($.40) per bag to the appellant. 
 
(n) Impartiality. 
(1) Graders must be impartial and unbiased. They shall not be told the identity of the 
samples they are grading, but shall be informed of all duplicate Chops. 
(2). No licensed grader may grade coffee if the grader or an immediate family member:  
(i) directly or indirectly has an ownership interest in, or is a partner or employee of, a 
Firm which has an ownership interest in the coffee submitted for grading;  
(ii) commencing one business day prior to first notice day of the expiring coffee delivery 
month, directly or indirectly holds or controls, a position (other than a de minimis 
position) in such delivery month or is a partner or employee of a Firm which holds or 
controls a position (other than a de minimis position) in such delivery month;  
(iii) directly or indirectly has an ownership interest in, or is an employee of, the 
warehouse operator where the coffee submitted for grading is stored; or (iv) has any other 
business or personal relationship that poses a conflict of interest with respect to the 
grading of coffee under Exchange Futures Contracts. 
 
(iv) has any other business or personal relationship that poses a conflict of interest with 
respect to the grading of coffee under Exchange Futures Contracts. 
 
Amended by the Board April 9, 2008; effective October 1, 2008 [¶¶ (l) and (m)]. 


8-33 
Amended by the Board December 9, 2010; effective with the March 2013 delivery month and 
all subsequent delivery months thereafter [¶¶ (e)(3), (f)(1) and (h)(1)]. 
Amended by the Board March 21, 2012; effective with the March 2013 delivery month and all 
subsequent delivery months thereafter [¶ (g)]. 
Amended by the Board October 25, 2012; effective January 2, 2013 [¶¶ (l) and (m)]. 
Amended by the Board September 25, 2013; effective October 31, 2013 [¶ (n)]. 
Amended by the Board July 9, 2014; effective July 28, 2014 [¶¶ (j)(4)(ii) with the addition of 
the Port of Virginia]. 
Amended by the Board June 23, 2016; effective July 25, 2016 [¶¶ (g)(1) through (g)(4)]. 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2017; effective July 10, 2017 [¶¶ (e)(1)]. 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2023; effective April 20, 2023 [¶¶ (2) and (2)(ii)]. 
Amended by the Board September 27, 2023; effective December 1, 2023 [¶ (b)]. 
 
 
                                                       APPENDIX III 
Procedures for Weighing Coffee 
The following procedures must be followed by Members and Licensees in connection with the 
weighing of Coffee "C": 
(a) Weighers. 
In order to be delivered under a Coffee “C” Futures Contract, coffee must be weighed in 
accordance with these procedures by a weighmaster licensed by the Exchange. As used herein, 
the term "Weigher" means an employee or agent of a weighmaster who weighs coffee and the 
term "Weighmaster" means the employer of the Weigher who weighs the coffee. The failure of a 
Weighmaster and/or Weigher to comply with the requirements of these procedures will subject 
such Weighmaster to fines and penalties as provided in the Licensing Rules of the Exchange. 
(b) Procedure. 
(1) A Weigher shall act in a manner consistent with commercial practice as modified by 
these procedures. 
(2) If the coffee to be weighed is bagged in a manner inconsistent with normal commercial 
practice, the Weigher thereof shall immediately report such fact to the Exchange and shall 
make a notation thereof on the Weight Note issued hereunder. 
(3) If the number of slack bags in a Lot is greater than the maximum permitted under the 
Rules, the Weigher may level off (i.e., dump and mix) coffee of the same Chop, provided such 
coffee has previously passed grade and been issued a Certificate of Grade. If coffee is leveled 
off as provided therein, the warehouse must certify in writing that the coffee is uniform after 
such leveling off. 
(4) An allowance shall be made for actual tare. Actual tare shall be based on the weight of 
the following number of bags using a tare bag scale. (If all bags in a given Chop are not 
uniform, actual bag tare shall be calculated with respect to each type of bag in such Chop.) 
(i) one (1) bag for each Chop consisting of one (1) to twenty-five (25) bags; 
(ii) two (2) bags for each Chop consisting of twenty-six (26) to seventy-five (75) bags; 
(iii) three (3) bags for each Chop consisting of seventy-six (76) or more bags. 
 


8-34 
(c) Weight Note. 
(1) A Weighmaster shall issue a Weight Note in the form prescribed by the Exchange which 
shall, at a minimum, include: 
(i) the date, to be known as the date of the Weight Note for all purposes under the Rules, 
on which the weighing of the coffee referred to in the Weight Note was completed; 
(ii) the location of the coffee weighed; 
(iii) the date(s) on which the coffee was weighed; 
(iv) the weight of the coffee, (gross, tare, and net); and 
(v) the actual tare. 
(2) The Weight Note shall be deemed to include a certification to the effect that (A) the 
coffee was weighed in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Appendix III and (B) the 
weights are correctly reported on the Weight Note. 
(d) No Exchange Liability. 
The Exchange shall not be liable in any way by reason of the fact that the coffee covered by a 
Weight Note was not weighed, or that a Weight Note was not prepared, in accordance with these 
procedures. The Exchange has no liability for any actions or omissions of its own employees or 
others in connection with weighing of Exchange coffee. 
(e) Scales. 
Scales must meet the specifications of the National Institute of Standards and Technology and 
must be calibrated within twenty (20) days before the first (1st) delivery date of each Exchange 
delivery period, by a certified scale company. Scales having a weight capacity over one thousand 
(1,000) pounds, shall have a tolerance level of one (1) pound, plus or minus, per one thousand 
(1,000) pounds, and must be tested before each day of weighing. The owner of the scales must 
produce evidence of the last calibrated test by showing a card of identification upon which is 
recorded the number and make of the scales, the date when tested and the signature of the 
Weighmaster (or his substitute) and scale company technician who was present at the time the 
test was made. 
(f) Impartiality. 
A Weighmaster may not, personally or through a representative, make inquiries about the 
prior weights of any coffee, slack bags or the general condition of the coffee. 
APPENDIX IV 
Coffee "C" Differentials 
The differentials for coffees delivered under the Coffee “C” Futures Contract are as follows: 
(1) There will be a differential of ten (10) points for each full imperfection below the 
basis. No delivery of coffee containing more than fifteen (15) full imperfections below the 
basis, or twenty-three (23) full imperfections, shall be permitted; except that in the case of 
Colombian coffee, no delivery containing more than ten (10) full imperfections below the 
basis shall be permitted. 


8-35 
 
(2) The differences in value between various grades and growths shall be as follows: 
Schedule C-2 
Mexico, Salvador, Guatemala, Costa Rica, Nicaragua, Kenya, Papua New Guinea, Tanzania, 
Uganda, Panama, Peru and 
Honduras...............................................................................................................................Basis 
Colombia ..................................................................................................................Plus 400 pts. 
Venezuela, Burundi, Rwanda and India ..................... ..........................................Minus 100 pts. 
Dominican Republic, Ecuador ..............................................................................Minus 400 pts. 
Brazil .....................................................................................................................Minus 600 pts 
Schedule C-3  
Difference in Value Between Delivery Ports 
New York Port District and the Port of Virginia 
..................................................................................Basis 
New Orleans Port District ...................................................................................................... Minus 50 pts. 
Miami Port District 
................................................................................................................. Minus 50 pts. 
Antwerp Port District ........................................................................................................... Minus 125 pts. 
Hamburg/Bremen Port District ............................................................................................ Minus 125 pts. 
Houston Port District 
.............................................................................................................. Minus 50 pts. 
Barcelona Port District ......................................................................................................... Minus 125 pts. 
 
Amended by the Board December 9, 2010; effective with the March 2013 delivery month and 
all subsequent delivery months thereafter [(Schedule C-2)]. 
Amended by the Board February 27, 2014, effective with the May 2016 Contract delivery 
month and all subsequent delivery months thereafter [Schedule C-2). 
Amended by the Board July 9, 2014; effective July 29, 2014 [with the addition of the Port of 
Virginia – Schedule C-3)] 
Amended by the Board March 23, 2017; effective April 12, 2017 [with the May 2019 delivery 
month and all subsequent delivery months thereafter [Schedule C-3]. 


8-36 
APPENDIX V 
Price Adjustments 
Every Exchange Invoice shall include the following adjustments to the price stated on a 
Delivery Notice: 
(1) A deduction of fifty (50) points in the case of coffee delivered between one hundred 
twenty-one (121) and one hundred fifty (150) days subsequent to the date of the Certificate of 
Grade; 
(2) In the case of coffee delivered between one hundred fifty (150) and three hundred 
sixty (360) days subsequent to the date of the Certificate of Grade, a deduction of fifty (50) 
points for the first (1st) one hundred fifty (150) days and a deduction of twenty-five (25) points 
for each additional thirty (30) day period (or fraction thereof); 
(3) In the case of coffee delivered between three hundred sixty (360) and seven hundred 
twenty (720) days subsequent to the date of the Certificate of Grade, a deduction of two 
hundred twenty-five (225) points for the first (1st) three hundred sixty (360) days and a 
deduction of fifty (50) points for each additional thirty (30) day period (or fraction thereof): 
(4) In the case of coffee delivered between seven hundred twenty (720) and one thousand 
eighty (1080) days subsequent to the date of Certificate of Grade, a deduction of eight hundred 
twenty-five (825) points for the first (1st) seven hundred twenty (720) days and a deduction of 
one hundred (100) points for each additional thirty (30) day period (or fraction thereof); 
(5) In the case of coffee delivered between one thousand eighty (1080) days and one 
thousand four hundred forty (1440) days subsequent to the date of the Certificate of Grade, a 
deduction of two thousand twenty-five (2025) points for the first (1st) one thousand eighty 
(1080) days and a deduction of one hundred twenty-five (125) points for each additional thirty 
(30) day period (or fraction thereof) thereafter; 
(6) In the case of coffee delivered between one thousand four hundred forty (1440) and 
one thousand eight hundred (1800) days subsequent to the date of the Certificate of Grade, a 
deduction of three thousand five hundred twenty-five (3525) points for the first (1st) one 
thousand four hundred forty days and a deduction of one hundred fifty (150) points for each 
additional thirty (30) day period (or fraction thereof) thereafter; 
(7) In the case of coffee delivered between one thousand eight hundred (1800) and two 
thousand one hundred sixty (2160) days subsequent to the date of the Certificate of Grade, a 
deduction of five thousand three hundred twenty-five (5325) points for the first one thousand 
eight hundred (1800) days subsequent to the date of the Certificate of Grade and a deduction 
of one hundred seventy-five (175) points for each additional thirty (30) day period (or fraction 
thereof) thereafter; 
(8) In the case of coffee delivered between two thousand one hundred sixty (2160) and 
two thousand five hundred twenty (2520) days subsequent to the date of the Certificate of 
Grade, a deduction of seven thousand four hundred twenty-five (7425) points for the first two 
thousand one hundred sixty (2160) days and a deduction of two hundred (200) points for each 
additional thirty (30) day period (or fraction thereof) thereafter; 
 
(9) In the case of coffee delivered between two thousand five hundred twenty (2520) and 
two thousand eight hundred eighty (2880) days subsequent to the date of the Certificate of 
Grade, a deduction of nine thousand eight hundred twenty-five (9825) points for the first two 
thousand five hundred twenty (2520) days and a deduction of two hundred twenty-five (225) 
points for each additional thirty (30) day period (or fraction thereof) thereafter; 


8-37 
(10) In the case of coffee delivered between two thousand eight hundred eighty (2880) and 
three thousand two hundred forty (3240) days subsequent to the date of the Certificate of 
Grade, a deduction of twelve thousand five hundred twenty-five (12525) points for the first 
two thousand eight hundred eighty (2880) days and a deduction of two hundred fifty (250) 
points for each additional thirty (30) day period (or fraction thereof) thereafter; 
(11) In the case of coffee delivered between three thousand two hundred forty (3240) and 
three thousand six hundred (3600) days subsequent to the date of the Certificate of Grade, a 
deduction of fifteen thousand five hundred twenty-five (15525) points for the first three 
thousand two hundred forty (3240) days and a deduction of two hundred seventy-five (275) 
points for each additional thirty (30) day period (or fraction thereof) thereafter; 
(12) In the case of coffee delivered more than three thousand six hundred (3600) days 
subsequent to the date of the Certificate of Grade, a deduction of eighteen thousand eight 
hundred twenty-five (18825) points for the first three thousand six hundred (3600) days and a 
deduction of three hundred (300) points for each additional thirty (30) day period (or fraction 
thereof) thereafter;  
(13) A deduction equal to the product of (i) the price per pound indicated in the Delivery 
Notice and (ii) the weight of any samples drawn by the Deliverer after the date of the Weight 
Note. 
(14) A deduction equal to the product of the price per pound indicated in the Delivery 
Notice and an amount which has been calculated for the period from the date of weighing 
specified on the Weight Note to the delivery date specified in the Delivery Notice using the 
rates set forth below: 
(a) a reduction of one-half of one percent (0.5%) of the weight shown on the Weight 
Note for the second calendar month (or part thereof) following the date of the weighing 
plus one-eighth of one percent (0.125%) of such weight for each additional calendar 
month (or part thereof) thereafter. 
(15) In the case of coffee delivered in any delivery point, an Outbound Cost Adjustment 
(“OCA”) which is calculated by the Exchange as of the last business day of the calendar month 
preceding the delivery month.  The OCA shall be calculated by deducting the posted Load Out 
rate for the licensed warehouses in which delivery is being made from the average of posted 
Load Out rates for all licensed warehouses in the Port of New York.  A negative OCA shall be 
a reduction in the invoice price, and a positive OCA shall be an addition to the invoice price. 
 
(16) In the case of coffee delivered in any delivery point, a Rent Cost Adjustment (“RCA”) 
which is calculated by the Exchange as of the last business day of the calendar month preceding 
the delivery month.  The RCA shall be calculated by: (1) deducting the posted monthly Storage 
rate for the licensed warehouse in which delivery is being made from the average of posted 
monthly Storage rates for all licensed warehouses in the Port of New York to determine the 
“monthly rent cost adjustment amount”; and (2) multiplying that “monthly rent cost adjustment 
amount” by 2 in the case of deliveries against the March, May and July delivery months and by 
3 in the case of deliveries against the September and December delivery months.  A negative 
RCA shall be a reduction in the invoice price, and a positive RCA shall be an addition to the 
invoice price.  
 
Amended by the Board December 9, 2010; effective with the March 2013 delivery months and all 
subsequent delivery months thereafter [¶¶ (4) through (15)]. 
 
Amended by the Board July 9, 2014; effective July 29, 2014 [¶ (15) with the addition of the 
Port of Virginia]. 


8-38 
 
Amended by the Board March 23, 2017; effective April 12, 2017 [with the July 2017 delivery 
month and all subsequent delivery months thereafter [¶(15)]. 
 
Amended by the Board March 23, 2017; effective April 12, 2017 [with the May 2019 delivery 
month and all subsequent delivery months thereafter [¶(16)]. 
 
APPENDIX VI  
 
Permitted Bagging of Bulk Coffee 
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Chapter 8 which prohibits such bagging or is 
contrary to this process, coffee that has been bagged by a licensed warehouse operator at a 
licensed warehouse may be submitted for grading and be eligible for delivery pursuant to the 
provisions and procedures in this Resolution.  
 
(a) ELIGIBILITY: 
 
(1) 
In order to be eligible for submission for Exchange grading and delivery 
 
following bagging, the coffee must meet each of the following criteria: 
 
i. 
The coffee must have been shipped from origin in a supersack or lined 
container and must arrive at the licensed warehouse in that original 
supersack or lined container; 
ii. 
An EWR containing the Bill of Lading number, country of origin, marks, 
and container number of such coffee must have been created at the time 
the coffee arrives at the licensed warehouse and prior to the bagging of 
such coffee; 
iii. 
The bagging must be performed at the licensed warehouse by the 
respective licensed warehouse operator; and 
iv. 
The bags used must be new, food grade bags that are properly marked 
and otherwise conform to the bag requirements of Rule 8.14 as to 
material and weight, and must be stenciled with the marks from the 
supersack (if any). 
 
(2) 
Prior to bagging pursuant to this Appendix, the coffee may be stored in the 
Exchange licensed warehouse in the original supersack or in a silo, however the 
coffee must be stored at all times in such a manner that the integrity of the coffee 
as to country of origin, marks and container number as stated above is kept intact. 
 
(b) 
SAMPLING, GRADING, WEIGHING AND STORAGE: 
 
(1) 
Sampling of a lot that includes any coffee that has been bagged pursuant to the 
provisions of this Appendix may only occur after completion of the bagging 
process, and sampling of the lot shall be done pursuant to the provisions of 
Appendix I. 
 
(2)  
Any lot that includes any coffee that has been bagged pursuant to the provisions 
of this Appendix shall be subject to the grading and weighing provisions of 
Appendices II and III, and to the Warehouse Procedures and Recordkeeping 
Requirements for the Storage of Exchange Coffee of Coffee Resolution No. 1. 


8-39 
 
(c) 
DIFFERENTIALS AND PRICE ADJUSTMENTS: 
 
(3) 
Coffee that has been bagged pursuant to the provisions of this Appendix and that 
has been sampled, graded, weighed and certified in accordance with the 
provisions of the Rules shall be subject to the same price differentials and price 
adjustments as provided in Appendices IV and V. 
 
 
Adopted by the Board September 25, 2013; effective October 31, 2013. 


8-40 
COFFEE "C" RESOLUTIONS 
No. 1. Warehouse Procedures and Recordkeeping Requirements for the Storage and 
Loadout of Exchange Coffee 
 
RESOLVED, THAT the following are the minimum acceptable standards and procedures to 
be followed by Exchange licensed coffee warehouses in connection with the storage of 
Exchange-certified Coffee. 
I. Location and Physical Structure of Warehouse 
Any location for the storage of Exchange Coffees must be maintained on a continuing basis 
in accordance with the following standards and shall be subject to examination by the Exchange: 
1. It shall be weather tight and rodent proof as to roof, walls, doors and windows. Any 
hole or opening which allows access to weather, rodents, or birds must be sealed. Floors must 
be free of cracks, seep holes, and crevices. Holes which are screened are considered rodent 
proof. 
2. It shall comply with all applicable laws, customs and other requirements of each 
jurisdiction in which any Licensed Store is located, including any pertinent fire regulations 
and have sufficient floor load limits. 
A. If, at any time, any licensed warehouse operator becomes aware that the laws of the 
jurisdiction, in which a Licensed Store is located, conflict, or are likely to conflict, with 
the requirements of the Rules, the warehouse operator shall immediately notify the 
Exchange. In the event of a conflict, the Exchange shall determine whether, in its 
reasonable opinion, the conflict is reconcilable with the Rules and shall determine 
whether, in its absolute discretion what action, if any, to take. If the Exchange determines 
in its sole discretion that the conflict will not immediately prejudice the warehouse 
operator from complying with the Rules, the Exchange shall, without prejudice to its 
rights and powers under the Rules, consult with the warehouse operator as to what, if any, 
remedial action to take.  
3. It shall have light sufficient to permit cleaning crews to work and weighing and 
sampling to be performed efficiently and to identify storage deficiencies and problems without 
the need for any supplemental lighting, but it need not have natural light. 
a. Sufficient lighting in an empty warehouse shall be defined as a minimum reading of 
two (2.0) foot-candles on a light meter calibrated at two hundred (200) foot-candles as 
recorded on the floor at all storage locations in the storage area during scheduled working 
hours. 
b. Sufficient lighting in a warehouse with cargo in store shall be defined as a minimum 
reading on a light meter calibrated at two hundred (200) foot-candles of: 
(i) 2.0 foot-candles as recorded on the floor in the center of all equipment aisles. 
(ii) .4 foot-candles as recorded on the floor in the center of all sampling and inspection 
aisles. 
The above will be basis a light meter approved by the Exchange. 
4. It shall have proper ventilation to the outside. Proper ventilation may include screened 
openings positioned to allow ventilation using prevailing winds. Windows, ventilators or other 
ventilating openings shall be screened at all times. 
5. It shall not be artificially heated except to a minimum level to prevent freezing of pipes. 


8-41 
6. It shall have (and the warehouse shall maintain) a sufficient number of material 
handling devices (e.g., fork lift trucks, elevators, etc.) which are operable and available to 
perform the warehouse's duties in an orderly and efficient fashion. 
7. It shall be free of leaking pipes. 
8. It shall be equipped with operational toilet facilities which are clean, in good repair and 
supplied with proper soaps, towels, etc. Alternatively, public toilet facilities must be located 
within one hundred (100) yards of the warehouse facility. 
9. It shall have signs, clearly visible in all toilets, requiring employees to wash hands after 
use of the toilet facilities. 
10. It shall have signs, clearly visible at all entrances, prohibiting smoking, eating or 
drinking in the warehouse except in designated areas which are closed off and separated from 
the storage areas. 
11. It shall have signs or postings, clearly visible throughout the warehouse, marking 
storage locations within the building. 
12. It shall be physically segregated from any non-licensed storage areas by walls and 
doors sufficient to prevent access by rodents, insects, or odors. 
II. Housekeeping Practices 
1. The floor shall be maintained broom clean at all times. Active storage areas shall be 
swept clean at the end of each work day. Inactive storage areas, corners, ledges or other non-
storage areas must be kept clean at all times. 
2. It shall inspect the warehouse on at least a weekly basis so that the walls, ceiling, 
overhead pipes, and beams shall be maintained reasonably free of cobwebs, accumulated dirt, 
dust, excrete, loose foreign matter, peeling paint or damaged insulation. 
3. It shall store and dispose of rubbish in a manner which will minimize the development 
of odor and prevent waste from becoming an attractant, harborage or breeding place for pests. 
4. It shall repair cracks, seep holes and crevices in floors and walls (such as around door 
frames, expansion joints, pipes and sills). 
5. It shall maintain outside areas free of conditions which may result in a buildup of pest 
problems, including, but not limited to, all outside loading and unloading areas as well as the 
grounds around the warehouse. 
These conditions include, but are not limited to: 
A. Litter and waste which must be deposited in and secured in containers with tight 
fitting covers. 
B. Uncut vegetation which must be no higher than four (4) inches within thirty (30) feet 
of the building line. 
C. Improper or inadequate drainage. 
III. Basic Storage Practices 
In order to ensure adequate space for sampling, inspection and effective fire protection, to 
assist ventilation, to aid in circulation and generally provide ample space for appropriate pest 
control programs: 


8-42 
1. Coffee shall be stored on pallets which provide a minimum of four (4) inches distance 
from the floor. In no event shall any coffee bag touch the floor or overhang the edge of a pallet 
more than four (4) inches. 
2. The pallets, including those stored for future use, must kept clean and in good repair. 
Before each use, pallets must be cleaned of all foreign matter, including, but not limited to, 
dirt, dead or live insects, pupal cases, webbing, etc. 
3. Coffee shall be stored a minimum of twenty-four (24) inches from the ceiling, and a 
minimum of eighteen (18) inches below any sprinkler head. 
4. Coffee shall be stored a minimum of eighteen (18) inches from any wall 
5. A minimum of eighteen (18) inches of space shall be maintained between coffee piles. 
The coffee piles shall be stored in such a manner as to permit at least two (2) faces (front or 
back and one (1) long side) of each application or Lot to be available for inspection and/or 
sampling. Coffee shall not be stored higher than five (5) pallets high or one hundred (100) 
bags high, whichever is less. The equipment aisles should have at least thirteen and one-half 
(13.5) feet of space for equipment to operate without contacting bags of coffee. 
6. Slack bags must be placed on a separate pallet in front of the pile. This pallet shall be 
stored in front of the Exchange Lot or at the top tier at the front of the Lot. 
7. All space requirements shall be measured from the bag or the pallet, whichever is 
closer, to the sprinkler, ceiling, or wall, etc. 
8. Coffee shall be stored in accordance with all applicable local, state, federal or 
government regulations.   
IV. Stored Coffee 
1. All coffee bags entering a Licensed Store must be kept clean and free from any and all 
foreign matter which could be detrimental to the delivery of the coffee contained therein. The 
owner of the coffee shall be responsible for the cleaning or re-conditioning of coffee bags 
entering a Licensed Store. 
2. The warehouse shall be responsible to the owner for maintaining coffee bags in a 
Licensed Store in accordance with Exchange standards. The warehouse shall keep stored 
coffee bags and beans clean, undamaged and free from any and all foreign matter (including 
but not limited to dirt, bird droppings, dead or live insects, pupal cases, webbing) which could 
be detrimental to the delivery of the coffee. The warehouse shall conduct a weekly inspection 
of each Lot of Exchange Coffee to determine its condition and conformity with Exchange 
standards. 
The 
warehouse 
shall 
take 
all 
necessary 
precautions 
to 
prevent 
contamination/infestation of the bags. It shall prepare and maintain a log documenting that the 
weekly inspections are conducted. The log shall contain, but shall not be limited to, the 
following information: the location of the warehouse, the date the inspection was conducted, 
the name of the individual conducting the inspection and any findings that require the 
warehouse to perform maintenance work on the bags and the Exchange application and/or lot 
numbers of the bags that require such work. 
3. Torn bags, bags from which beans are sifting, or bags which are in peril of having 
coffee beans spilled therefrom must be promptly repaired. The floor of the Licensed Store 
must be kept free of spilled beans. 
4.(A) Except with respect to the prompt repair of torn bags, bags from which beans are 
sifting or bags which are in peril of coffee beans being spilled therefrom, prior to undertaking 
any other maintenance of coffee bags in a Licensed Store, including the rebagging of coffee, 


8-43 
the warehouse shall notify the owner, in writing, of the maintenance to be performed and 
provide the owner five (5) Business Days from receipt of the notice within which to respond. 
(B) If no response is received by the warehouse within such time, the owner shall be 
deemed to have authorized the maintenance and all costs associated with said 
maintenance. 
(C) If the response received from the owners is, in the opinion of the warehouse, 
insufficient to bring the cargo into compliance with Exchange standards, the warehouse 
shall notify the Exchange. 
(D) Notwithstanding the subparagraphs (A)-(C) of this paragraph 4, if in accordance 
with subparagraph (A), a warehouse notifies an owner that the bags are in need of 
rebagging, the following procedures shall apply: 
(i) At the time the notice is sent to the owner, the warehouse must indicate in eCOPS 
that the bags are in need of rebagging ("rebagging indicator"). 
(ii) The owner shall have five (5) Business Days from receipt of the notice to file with 
the warehouse an objection to the warehouse's notice to rebag. At the same time, a copy 
of such objection shall be filed with the Exchange and accompanied by a non-
refundable fee in the amount of three hundred seventy-five dollars ($375) payable to the 
Exchange. 
(iii) If no objection is received by the warehouse and the Exchange within such time, 
the owner shall be deemed to have authorized the rebagging and all costs associated 
with said rebagging. Once the coffee is rebagged, the warehouse must remove the 
rebagging indicator on eCOPS as soon as possible. 
(iv) If the owner files a timely objection with the warehouse and the Exchange and has 
paid the required non-refundable fee to the Exchange, the Exchange will cause the bags 
to be surveyed by an Exchange licensed warehouse inspector selected randomly by the 
Exchange from the panel of licensed inspectors. The inspector will visually survey the 
bags and determine whether the bags are in need of rebagging. The determination of the 
inspector shall be furnished in writing to the owner and the warehouse by the Exchange. 
The determination of the inspector shall be final and binding, and there shall be no 
appeals therefrom. 
(a) If the inspector determines that the coffee does not need to be rebagged, the 
warehouse must remove the rebagging indicator on eCOPS as soon as possible. 
(b) If the inspector determines that the coffee needs to be rebagged, the warehouse 
shall maintain the rebagging indicator until such time as the coffee has been rebagged, 
and the owner shall pay the inspector's fee promptly upon receipt of a bill therefore 
from the Exchange. 
(v) If the owner does not want the warehouse to rebag the coffee but would rather 
have the rebagging indicator remaining on such Lots in eCOPS, within the five (5) 
Business Days from the receipt of the notice, the owner must send written notice to the 
warehouse and the Exchange that the owner does not want the coffee rebagged and that 
the rebagging indicator should remain on the Lots, provided, however, that, if after sixty 
(60) days from the date of the warehouse notice to the owner the rebagging indicator 
remains on the Lots, the Lots will lose its Certificate of Grade. 
(E) If a Lot is flagged with a rebagging indicator in eCOPS, such Lot is not eligible for 
delivery under the Coffee “C” Futures Contract Rules. 


8-44 
(F) Notwithstanding the provisions of subparagraph (D) of this paragraph 4, if the owner 
sends a written notice to the warehouse authorizing and promising to pay for the 
rebagging, the warehouse shall remove the rebagging indicator in eCOPS.  
5. It shall be the responsibility of the warehouse to ensure that each Chop of Exchange 
Coffee is properly identified, both in the storage area and in the warehouse's office records. 
6. If excessive spillage results from sampling, the warehouse shall promptly notify the 
sampler and the Exchange. 
7. It shall remove all coffee from slings upon weighing the coffee into Exchange Lots. 
V. Pest Control 
1. Warehouses which store Exchange Coffees shall cause recognized pest control 
companies to conduct periodic inspections of their facilities and implement effective pest 
control programs so that there shall be no birds, rodents or other animals (including dogs and 
cats) in a Licensed Store. 
(I) It shall maintain a written pest control program, available for evaluation by Exchange 
personnel, which shall include: 
A. Name of key warehouse contact person 
B. Name of service provider 
C. Services to be performed 
D. Frequency of Service 
E. Conditions noted 
F. Provider comments 
(II) It shall also maintain records which reflect: 
A. Fumigation dates 
B. Fumigant used 
C. Lots/sections fumigated 
D. Owner notification 
2. No ingredient used for pest or rodent control shall be used in such a manner or in such 
places as to contaminate the coffee. 
3. The warehouse shall remove from the area in or around the storage facility such known 
bird attractions as grains, foods and similar materials. 
4. It shall render rodent control services at least twice per month. 
5. It shall maintain rodent control equipment along inside perimeter walls spaced twenty-
five (25) feet, or less, apart. Rodent control equipment shall also be placed on both sides of 
exterior entryways inside of the building at a distance not to exceed five (5) feet from an 
entryway. Rodent control equipment can be glue boards, traps or other mechanical devices. 
6. Rodent control programs shall take into consideration the exterior as well as the interior 
conditions of the warehouse. 
7. Bait is to be used only on the exterior. The bait shall be safe and effective. Only 
anticoagulant poisons or their equivalent in effectiveness and safety shall be used in enclosed 
bait stations, with no bait being used inside the warehouse. 


8-45 
8. It shall ensure pesticides (insecticides, rodenticide, avicides, etc.) used in the warehouse 
pest control program are registered with the appropriate government agencies and used in the 
appropriate manner in accordance with approved label directions. Rodent tracking dust shall 
not be used in the warehouse. 
A. If required by law, applicators are to be certified. 
B. Application must be performed in such a manner as not to damage the coffee beans. 
9. One (1) full time warehouse employee shall be assigned as key contract Person on pest 
control issues/procedures. 
VI. Control of Other Products Stored in Coffee Areas 
The warehouse shall store coffee separate from other cargo which may adversely affect the 
coffee such as chemicals, high fire risk materials and odorous products. 
No odorous products or things may be stored in such manner or place as to enable the odor to 
be imparted to the coffee. The odor from any odorous product or thing must not be discernible 
within the coffee storage area. No coffee should be stored in any area where such foreign odors 
prevail or where hazardous or high fire risk materials are stored. 
VII. Record Retention 
The following records relating to Exchange Coffee shall be kept and maintained by the 
warehouseman for at least the indicated periods of time after the coffee has been removed from 
the warehouse, decertified or otherwise no longer identified as Exchange Coffee: 
Category of Document  
Time Period 
Delivery Orders ....................................................................................................................................... 1 year 
Sampling Orders 
..................................................................................................................................... 
2 years 
Receiving Reports .................................................................................................................................. 
2 years 
Stock Record Cards ................................................................................................................................ 
2 years 
Non-Negotiable Warehouse Receipts 
..................................................................................................... 
2 years 
Storage Report 
........................................................................................................................................ 
2 years 
Documents reflecting any movement of Exchange Coffee into or from a licensed store ...................... 
2 years 
Weight Notes 
.......................................................................................................................................... 
2 years 
VIII. Requirements 
All records must be kept neat, tidy, orderly and current so that auditors can verify warehouse 
records against physical stocks. 
1. Before coffee may be placed in a Licensed Store, the warehouse must be in possession 
of a copy of the delivery order (or equivalent document or information) and the following 
identifying information for such coffee, which shall be reflected in the warehouse's records 
relating to such coffee: 
a. Growth 
b. Number of bags 
c. Shipper's brand (if on the bags) 
d. Crop year (if on the bags) 
e. Marks and chop number (or letters) in their entirety 
f. Carrier (i.e., vessel, railroad or truck transport); location (pier, etc.); and date of 
arrival of vessel (where appropriate) 


8-46 
2. When coffee is physically placed in the store, the warehouseman shall record the 
identifying information for the coffee on the warehouse receiving report (or equivalent 
record). The warehouse shall also record all exceptions—i.e., the number of stained, torn, 
mended, slack, short or improperly marked bags. A record of any exception noted by the 
warehouse shall be made, and the warehouse shall send a report describing such exception 
immediately to the storer of the coffee. If no exception is noted, a report to that effect shall be 
sent to the storer as soon as practicable. If improperly marked bags arrive at the warehouse, 
the storer shall be notified of such fact immediately by telephone before the delivering carrier 
leaves the warehouse. 
3. The warehouse shall compare the identifying information for the coffee set forth on the 
delivery order or equivalent record with the information on the coffee bags. If there is a 
material difference between the information supplied on the delivery order (or equivalent 
record) and the information on the bags, the warehouse shall note such difference on the 
warehouse's receiving form (or equivalent record) and shall notify the storer of the coffee 
immediately of the discrepancy. No EWR shall be issued by the warehouse with respect to 
such coffee until the discrepancy with respect to the identification of the coffee has been 
resolved. 
4. The warehouse shall record the identifying information for the coffee, as set forth on 
the coffee bags, on warehouse tags or marks stenciled on the bag, which shall be affixed at all 
times to at least two (2) sides of each pile of coffee bags. The tag or mark shall be placed on 
both sides of the coffee bags. 
5. The warehouse shall maintain stock record cards (or equivalent records) for each Chop 
of Exchange Coffee on which shall be recorded all pertinent details necessary to fulfillment of 
an efficient warehouseman's responsibilities, including all movements of the coffee, changes 
in its ownership and when the coffee has been weighed. 
6. The warehouse shall complete the EWR which shall identify the number of bags 
comprising the Chop, all markings contained on the bags (in their entirety), the specific 
location where the coffee is stored and the name of the carrier (i.e., vessel, railroad, or truck 
transport) on which the coffee arrived. The warehouse shall also immediately modify the 
EWR, as necessary, by changing the number of bags listed on the EWR when one (1) or more 
of the bags are physically delivered out of the warehouse. Information pertaining to the EWR 
shall be: 
(a) Distributed to the storer of the coffee; and 
(b) Retained in the warehouse's records. 
7. When coffee is sampled for the purpose of grading by Exchange licensed graders, a 
copy of the Sampling Order shall be left with the warehouseman and shall be maintained by 
the warehouse as part of the permanent files for the coffees covered by the Sampling Order. 
a. When a sample is drawn, the warehouse shall sign three (3) copies of the Sampling 
Order in the space provided. 
b. By signing the Sampling Order, the warehouse shall be deemed to certify that on the 
date the Sampling Order was signed the Sampler appeared at the Licensed Store indicated 
on the Sampling Order and left the premises with samples in his possession. 
c. The warehouse shall retain a copy of the Sampling Order which shall be retained in 
accordance with this Resolution. 
8. When a chop has satisfied the requirements of the Exchange, a Certificate of Grade will 
be issued by the Exchange to the warehouse and the submitter of the coffee. Such Notice shall 
contain the growth, Exchange identification number, and all other information set forth on the 


8-47 
EWR pertaining to such coffee. All information on the Certificate of Grade should be verified 
against the information on the EWR, and the Exchange shall be notified immediately of any 
material discrepancy. 
9. Once an Exchange Lot number has been assigned to coffee, both the Exchange ID 
number and the EWR number shall become part of the permanent record of that coffee and 
shall be noted on the warehouse storage report and warehouse tags, etc. 
10. The Exchange identification number appearing on the Certificate of Grade shall be 
recorded on the warehouse's storage record card (or equivalent record), and all the information 
appearing on such Certificate of Grade shall be verified. 
11. When bags of coffee are to be weighed into Exchange Lots, orders should be received 
from the owner of the coffee with complete identification and instructions as to: 
a. Exchange Lot number; 
b. EWR (if previously issued) or other appropriate chop identification; 
c. The approximate number of bags in each chop, together with identifying marks and 
chops; (The exact number of bags will be given to the warehouse by the Weigher); 
d. Carrier (i.e., vessel, railroad or truck transport); location (pier, store, etc.); and arrival 
date of vessel (where appropriate); 
e. Cargo number; and 
f. Weighing instructions and name of the Weighmaster. 
12. The warehouse should receive from the Weighmaster a complete report of the weight 
of bags that are torn, mended and slack; the weight of the sound bags; the Exchange Lot 
number for the bags; the location of the bags; any exceptions, including improperly marked 
bags; and whether any bags were lost in leveling off. 
13. The warehouse shall separate Exchange certificated coffee from coffee which has not 
been certificated so that at any time the total number of bags of Exchange certificated Coffee 
can be determined. 
14. It is a violation of the Rules for a warehouse to provide any Weighmaster or Weigher 
with any information pertaining to any previous weighing of coffee without the prior 
permission of the Exchange. 
15. The warehouse shall promptly issue EWRs for any coffee stored by it upon the 
demand of the owner of the coffee. Any such EWR shall provide for a limit of liability of at 
least two hundred fifty (250) times the monthly storage rate of the goods. 
16. The warehouse shall only accept an electronic delivery order for any Lot for which an 
EWR has been issued. 
IX. Storage and Handling Rates 
1. At the time it applies for a license from the Exchange and at the time it applies for 
renewal of such license, the warehouse operator shall submit to the Exchange its charges for 
the storage and handling of Exchange Coffee (the “Rates”).  Such Rates shall be reasonable 
and competitive with the Rates charged by other Exchange licensed coffee warehouse 
operators within the same Exchange delivery port. 
2. The Rates may only be increased once per year with the renewal of the warehouse 
operator’s license.  The Exchange must receive written notice of any proposed increase in the 
Rates at least ninety (90) days prior to the renewal date of the warehouse operator’s license.  
3. The Exchange will review any proposed increase to determine if it is reasonable and 
competitive with the Rates charged by other Exchange licensed coffee warehouse operators 


8-48 
within the same Exchange delivery port. If the Exchange determines that the proposed increase 
in the Rates is reasonable and competitive, then the increase shall become effective on the 
renewal date of the warehouse operator’s license.  If the Exchange determines that the increase 
in the Rates is not reasonable and competitive, then the increase shall not become effective 
with respect to Exchange Coffee stored in the warehouse operator’s Licensed Store(s). 
X. Violations 
Violations of the standards and procedures set forth in this Resolution shall not be grounds 
for a Receiver to reject a delivery or to hold a Deliverer in default, provided, however, that 
nothing in this Resolution shall alter or abridge the rights of a Receiver under any other provision 
of the Rules to reject a delivery or to hold a Deliverer in default. 
XI. Minimum Loadout Rate 
 
Following the receipt of a valid electronic delivery order for any lot for which an EWR has been 
issued, accompanied by instructions for prompt shipment, a Warehouse Operator shall promptly 
commence load out of coffee in accordance with the following minimum load out rates:  
 
1.  Warehouse Operators holding up to 450,000 bags or 1,800 contracts of Exchange 
certified coffee in a delivery point port shall load out a minimum of 3,750 bags, or 15 
contracts, of Exchange certified coffee per working day in respect of each applicable 
delivery order; and   
2.  Warehouse Operators holding more than 450,000 bags or 1,800 contracts of Exchange 
certified coffee in a delivery port shall load out a minimum of 7,500 bags, or 30 
contracts, of Exchange certified coffee per working day in respect of each applicable 
delivery order.  
 
For purposes of determining compliance with the minimum load out rates, the actual loading out 
rate shall be calculated as an average over the period during which the coffee covered by a 
delivery order is loaded out.   
 
Load out for each valid electronic delivery order must be completed in full within sixty (60) 
calendar days from the date (the “Commencement Date”) on which the owner has fulfilled all its 
obligations in furtherance of the delivery order, or such other date as the owner and Warehouse 
Operator shall mutually agree. If after the expiry of sixty (60) calendar days from the 
Commencement Date the load out on a delivery order has not been completed in full, the 
Warehouse Operator may not collect any further storage charges on the balance of the coffee that 
is the subject of the delivery order. 
 
Exchange certified coffee which is moved between two Licensed Stores of the same Warehouse 
Operator will not be counted towards the daily minimum load out requirements, and will not be 
subject to the minimum load out rate or the maximum number of days to complete loadout of a 
delivery order. 
 
A Warehouse Operator that receives multiple Delivery Orders for loadout in the same period shall 
load out coffee pursuant to all such delivery orders in a consistent and equitable manner. 
 
In the event that, on any day, loadout is hindered by a strike, lockout, or other cause beyond the 
control of the Warehouse Operator, such day shall not be counted in determining compliance of 
the Warehouse Operator with the minimum loadout rate or with calculating timely completion of 
loadout under these Rules.  
 
 


8-49 
XII. Warehouse Terms and Conditions; Permitted Lien on Exchange Certified Coffee 
 
 
An Exchange licensed coffee warehouse operator shall provide for entry of the warehouse 
operator’s standard terms and conditions for EWRs (the “Warehouse Terms and Conditions”) 
into the eCOPS system. In the event of any inconsistency between the Warehouse Terms and 
Conditions and any of the following, the conflicting Warehouse Terms and Condition shall be of 
no effect: the IFUS Rules, the eCOPS Rules, the requirements of law for a negotiable EWR, any 
agreement executed between the Warehouse and eCOPS,LLC and/or any agreement executed 
between the Warehouse and IFUS. 
 
An Exchange licensed coffee warehouse operator may assert a warehouseman’s lien against 
coffee certified for delivery and/or against any proceeds thereof in its possession, but only for 
charges related to the storage or transportation of such Exchange certified coffee and for expenses 
necessary for the preservation of such Exchange certified coffee or reasonably incurred in its sale 
pursuant to law. 
 
An Exchange licensed coffee warehouse operator may not assert a warehouseman’s lien or other 
lien or security interest against coffee certified for delivery and/or against any proceeds thereof in 
its possession for charges or expenses relating to other goods, including but not limited to other 
certified and/or non-certified coffee stored by the warehouse operator for the same bailor, or for 
other obligations of such bailor. 
 
 
Amended by the Board April 11, 2007; effective April 16, 2007 [¶ VIII.16]. 
Amended by the Board April 15, 2009; effective April 24, 2009 [¶¶ (I), (IX) and (X). 
Amended by the Board December 15, 2011; effective January 9, 2012 [¶¶ (IX)(2) and (IX)(3)]. 
Amended by the Board December 5, 2014; effective May 1, 2015 [(¶¶XI)]. 
Amended by the Board June 21, 2018; effective July 13, 2018 [¶¶ (III)(4), (5) and (8)]. 
Amended by the Board April 22, 2019; effective May 31, 2019 [¶¶ (IX)(3)]. 
Adopted by the Board December 15, 2021; effective February 22, 2022 [¶¶ (XII)]. 


9-1 
ICE Futures U.S.®, Inc. 
 
COCOA RULES 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Rule 
Subject 
 
9.00 
Definitions 
9.01 
Delivery Months 
9.02 
Delivery Points 
9.03 
Form of Contracts 
9.04 
Minimum Variations 
9.05 
Notice of Delivery or Demand for Cocoa Issuance of Notice 
9.06 
Reserved 
9.07 
Good Delivery 
9.08 
Reserved 
9.09 
When Tender of Cocoa Deemed Accepted 
9.10 
Settlement of Contract, Issuance of Notices and Deliveries on 
Exchange Holidays—Cocoa 
9.11 
Delivery and Payment of Cocoa 
9.12 
Special Relief at Arbitration 
9.13 
Reserved 
9.14 
Sampling Cocoa 
9.15 
Fraudulently Packed Cocoa 
9.16 
Original Shipping Bags 
9.17 
Claims for Fraudulent Packing of Cocoa 
9.18 
Grading Cocoa for Exchange Delivery 
9.19 
Grading Cocoa not Exchange Delivery; Informal Examination 
9.20 
Grading Cocoa not Exchange Delivery; Formal Examination 
9.21 
Reserved 
9.22 
Reserved 
9.23 
Weighing Cocoa 
9.24 
Rebagging of Cocoa 
9.25 
Reserved 
9.26 
Reserved 
9.27 
Arbitration of Disputes 
9.28 
External Condition Procedure 
COCOA OPTIONS 
9.40 
Option—Forms 
9.41 
Trading Months 
9.42 
Last Trading Day 
9.43 
Strike Prices 
9.44 
Premium Quotations 
9.45 
Obligations of Option Purchasers 
9.46 
Obligations of Option Grantors 
9.47 
Effect of Clearance 
9.48 
Expiration and Exercise of Options 
9.49 
Automatic Exercise Levels for Cocoa Options 


9-2 
 
OPTIONS ON COCOA FUTURES SPREADS  
9.60 
Scope of Chapter 
9.61 
Option – Forms 
9.62 
Trading Months 
9.63 
Last Trading Day 
9.64 
Strike Prices 
9.65 
Premium Quotations 
9.66 
Obligations of CCSO Purchasers 
9.67 
Obligations of CCSO Grantors 
9.68 
Effect of Clearance 
9.69 
Expiration and Exercise of CCSOs 
9.70 
Automatic Exercise Levels 
COCOA RESOLUTIONS 
No. 
 
1. 
Cocoa Grading Fees 
2. 
Warehouse Procedures and Recordkeeping Requirements for 
the Storage and Loadout of Exchange Cocoa 
3. 
Rebagging of Cocoa—Interpretation 
4. 
Cocoa Sampling Fee 


9-3 
 
ICE FUTURES U.S.®, INC. 
 
COCOA RULES 
 
FUTURES 
Rule 9.00. Definitions 
As used in the Cocoa Rules: 
(a) Bulk storage means storage in an Exchange-licensed warehouse in a manner other than in 
Exchange-Segregated Lots. 
(b) Certificate of Grade means an electric record created by eCOPS® in accordance with 
eCOPS procedures which constitutes the Certificate of Growth, Description, Condition, Grade, 
Waste and Count.  Such record shall state that the cocoa either meets or does not meet Exchange 
standards.  Only cocoa meeting Exchange Standards is deliverable under the Exchange’s Cocoa 
Rules.  
(c) Condition of Cocoa shall be understood to mean whether or not the cocoa is hammy or 
smoky. 
(d) Count shall be understood to mean the number of cocoa beans per kilogram as 
determined by the licensed grader in accordance with the Cocoa Rules. 
(e) Date of Delivery shall mean the date which is ten (10) Business Days following the date 
of issue of the Delivery Notice, except as the Rules may otherwise provide. 
(f) Deliverer shall mean the Clearing Member that has issued a Delivery Notice, and, as used 
in connection with grading procedures, includes a party submitting cocoa for grading in advance 
of tender. 
(g) Delivery Notice shall mean the notice of intention to deliver one (1) or more Lots of 
Cocoa in the form prescribed by the Exchange. 
(h) Delivery Worksheet shall mean an electronic record created on eCOPS on the day a 
Delivery Notice is issued to the Clearing Organization by a Clearing Member, which shall be 
maintained and updated, as applicable, during the ten (10) Business Days until the Date of 
Delivery, as further described in Rule 9.05(g). 
(i) Description is the adjective accompanying Growth to indicate the season in which the 
cocoa was grown, a method of selection or curing or a commercial classification. 
(j) eCOPS shall mean the electronic commodity operations system utilized by the Exchange. 
(k) EWR shall mean the electronic warehouse receipt record created on eCOPS by a 
warehouse concerning cocoa that is stored in such warehouse. 
(l) Exchange Invoice shall mean an electronic record created on eCOPS from the data 
contained on the Delivery Notice and Delivery Worksheet, showing the amount to be paid by the 
Receiver for the delivery of the Cocoa identified in such invoice. If the data for one (i) or more 
Certificates of Grade is not contained in the final Delivery Worksheet, the Exchange Invoice shall 
be calculated so that the amount to be paid by the Receiver is adjusted as specified in Rule 9.11, 
and eCOPS shall designate such Exchange Invoice as a “pro forma Exchange Invoice”. 
 


9-4 
(m) Exchange-Segregated Lot means a Lot of ten (10) metric tons net of cocoa beans (in 
original shipping bags of average weight(s) customary for the Growth) which has been identified 
for delivery under an Exchange contract by marking and separating it from other lots of cocoa 
and which is stored in a portion of an Exchange-licensed warehouse designated as a store for 
delivery purposes. 
(n) Growth is the common commercial name of a variety of cocoa to indicate the country in 
which it was produced or the district in such country or the port from which it was shipped. 
(o)(1) Grade, as a noun, refers to the percentage of defective and/or slatey beans as provided 
in the Cocoa Rules. 
(2) Grade, as a verb, means the examination and/or certification of cocoa as to its Growth, 
Description, Condition, Grade and/or Count. 
(p) Last Notice Day shall mean the tenth (10th) Business Day prior to the last Business Day 
of a delivery month or such other day as the Board shall determine. 
(q) Last Trading Day shall mean the Business Day prior to the Last Notice Day. 
(r) Notice of Transfer shall mean an electronic record created on eCOPS that changes the 
Title Holder of an EWR  from a Clearing Member to the Clearing Organization or from the 
Clearing Organization to a Clearing Member in connection with a delivery of Cocoa. 
(s) Receiver shall mean the Clearing Member to which a Delivery Notice has been allocated 
by the Clearing Organization. 
(t) Sampling Confirmation shall mean an electronic record created on eCOPS in which a 
licensed master sampler notifies the Exchange and the Person requesting the sample to confirm 
that such sampler obtained the requested sample in accordance with the Rules. 
(u) Sampling Order shall mean an electronic record created on eCOPS in which a Person 
requests that a sample of cocoa be obtained and graded in accordance with Exchange Rules and 
procedures. 
(v) Waste shall mean the collective amount of flat beans, pieces of shell, dust, dried cocoa 
pulp, dried cocoa placenta and all non-cocoa material, as determined by the licensed grader in 
accordance with the applicable Cocoa Rules.  Waste shall be expressed as the percentage of such 
Waste by weight in the graded sample. 
(w) Weight Note shall mean an electronic record created on eCOPS in which a licensed 
weighmaster notifies the Exchange, owner of the cocoa and the warehouse storing such cocoa, as 
to the weight of the cocoa. 
Amended by the Board February 2, 2010; effective for the March 2012 delivery month [¶¶ (b), 
(v) and (w)]. 
Rule 9.01. Delivery Months 
Cocoa contracts shall not be recognized by the Exchange extending beyond a period of 
twenty-four (24) months, including the current month. Trading in Cocoa Futures Contracts shall 
be conducted for delivery in March, May, July, September and December and shall at all times be 
conducted in any such month contained in a 24-month cycle. Trading in a new delivery month 
shall be initiated at the opening of trading on the first (1st) Business Day of the twenty-third (23rd) 
month preceding any delivery month. 
 


9-5 
Rule 9.02. Delivery Points 
(a) The delivery of Cocoa on Exchange Futures Contracts shall be made only from 
warehouses licensed by the Exchange located in the Port of New York District, the Delaware 
River Port District, the Port of Albany, the Port of Baltimore or the Port of Hampton Roads. 
(b) For purposes of this Rule, the Port of New York District shall mean the district defined 
from time to time by the laws of New York and New Jersey and all areas located with five (5) 
miles from the boundary of such district; the Port of Albany shall mean the district defined from 
time to time by the laws of New York; the Delaware River Port District shall mean the district 
defined from time to time by the laws of New Jersey and Pennsylvania; the Port of Baltimore 
shall mean the district defined from time to time by the laws of Maryland; and the Port of 
Hampton Roads shall mean the twenty-five (25) square mile harbor formed by the confluence of 
the James, Nansemond and Elizabeth Rivers, and the Chesapeake Bay eastward into the Atlantic 
Ocean, and including on its perimeter the port facilities located in the cities of Chesapeake, 
Newport News, Norfolk and Portsmouth, Virginia; provided, however, the Port of Hampton 
Roads shall also be deemed to include the city of Suffolk, Virginia. 
(c) The seller may choose the delivery point. There shall be no differential in price based on 
the delivery point. 
Amended by the Board December 4, 2015; effective December 24, 2015 commencing with the 
July 2017 contract month. 
Rule 9.03. Form of Contracts 
(a) In order to make delivery of Cocoa under the Exchange Futures Contract, a Clearing 
Member must execute an eCOPS Participant Agreement with eCOPS, LLC. No delivery may be 
made using a warehouse receipt other than an EWR. 
(b) No contract for the future delivery of Cocoa shall be noticed in any report, or in any 
manner recognized by the Exchange, unless both parties thereto shall be Clearing Members 
excepting that Clearing Members may offer their contracts for clearance to the Clearing 
Organization, which may become by substitution a party thereto in place of a Clearing Member, 
and thereupon such Clearing Organization shall become subject to the obligations thereof and 
entitled to all the rights and privileges of a Clearing Member in holding, fulfilling or disposing 
thereof. 
(c) Contracts for the future delivery of Cocoa shall be in the following form: 
FORM OF CONTRACT FOR DELIVERY OF COCOA  
OFFICE OF  
..............................................................................................................................................  
NEW YORK ...................................................................................................................................... 20 .. 
SOLD FOR 
TO 
ten (10) metric tons net of cocoa beans (in original shipping bags of average weight(s) customary 
for the Growth), the Growth of any country or clime, including new or yet unknown Growths, 
deliverable from warehouses licensed by Exchange, at the seller's option, at one (1) of the 
delivery points provided in Rule 9.02, between the first (1st) and last days of 
_________________, inclusive; the delivery within such time is to be at seller's option, upon 
notice to the buyer of ten (10) full Business Days, as may be prescribed by the Rules; the Cocoa 
is to be of any Grade, Waste and Count permitted by the Rules; at the price of __________, 


9-6 
dollars per ton for the standard Grades, Growths, Condition, Waste and Counts, with additions or 
deductions for other Grades, Growths, Waste and Counts according to the rate of the Exchange, 
existing on the afternoon of the day previous to the date of the Delivery Notice. 
Seller has the option to tender Cocoa in Exchange-licensed warehouses at one (1) of the 
delivery points provided in Rule 9.02, at an allowance and under such terms as may be prescribed 
in the Rules. 
This contract is made in view of, and in all respects subject to the Rules and all differences 
and/or disputes that may arise hereunder shall be settled by arbitration pursuant to such Rules. 
For, and in consideration of one dollar ($1.00) to the undersigned in hand paid, receipt 
whereof is hereby acknowledged, the undersigned accepts this contract with all its obligations and 
conditions. 
(d)(i) All contracts for the future delivery of Cocoa shall be binding upon Members and of 
full force and effect until the quantity and quality of the Cocoa specified in such contract shall 
have been delivered, and the price specified in said contract shall have been paid. No contract 
shall be entered into with any stipulation or understanding between the parties at the time of 
making such contract that the terms of said contract as specified above are not to be fulfilled, or 
that the Cocoa is not to be delivered and received in accordance with the Rules. 
(ii) Subject to the prohibition in subparagraph (d)(i), the Deliverer and Receiver may enter 
into a mutually acceptable written agreement to deliver and receive under conditions other 
than those stipulated in the Rules. A delivery so made shall be considered complete upon 
written notification by the Deliverer and the Receiver to the Exchange and to the Clearing 
Organization. The making of any such agreement shall relieve the Clearing Organization of 
any further obligations with respect to any Exchange Futures Contract involved, and the 
Deliverer and Receiver shall indemnify the Exchange and the Clearing Organization against 
any liability, cost or expense either may incur for any reason as a result of the execution, 
delivery or performance of such contract or such agreement, or any breach thereof or default 
thereunder. 
Amended by the Board February 2, 2010; effective with the March 2012 delivery month [¶ (c) 
Waste].   
Rule 9.04. Minimum Variations 
No Member shall offer to buy or sell Cocoa at variations of less than one dollar ($1.00) per 
ton. 
Rule 9.05. Notice of Delivery or Demand for Cocoa Issuance of Notice 
(a) A Clearing Member with an open short Position wishing to make delivery of Cocoa under 
an Exchange Futures Contract shall present a Delivery Notice to the Clearing Organization as 
specified in paragraph (b) hereof. 
(b) Every Delivery Notice: 
(i) Shall be issued ten (10) full Business Days in advance of the Business Day designated 
for delivery; 
(ii) Shall be presented to the Clearing Organization by the Clearing Member making 
delivery not later than the time specified by the Clearing Organization on the Business Day 
preceding the date of issue, or in the case of a partial Business Day, by 1:00 pm of such day; 
(iii) Shall be for ten (10) metric tons of Cocoa; 


9-7 
(iv) Shall state the Growth of Cocoa and the Description of such Growth, and the delivery 
must consist of Cocoa of one (1) Growth and Description of such Growth only; 
(v) Shall state from which Port the Cocoa will be delivered; 
(vi) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this paragraph (b), if a Clearing Member 
transfers any contracts after the close of trading in accordance with Rule 4.37(e): 
 (A) The failure of such Clearing Member to issue a Delivery Notice with respect to such 
contracts shall not be deemed a violation of this Rule; 
(B) If any contracts transferred offset any contracts with respect to which the transferee 
had issued a Delivery Notice, such Delivery Notice shall be deemed amended to reflect the 
deletion of the contracts so offset; and 
(C) If any contracts transferred do not offset any contracts with respect to which the 
transferee had issued a Delivery Notice, the transferee shall issue a Delivery Notice in 
accordance with this Rule. 
(c) The Date of Delivery shall be ten (10) Business Days following the date of issue except as 
the Rules may otherwise provide. 
(d) No Delivery Notice shall be issued on a day that is not a Business Day. 
(e) Upon receipt of a Delivery Notice, the Clearing Organization shall issue it in accordance 
with the Clearing Organization Rules. 
(f) A holder of a “stopped notice” may at the option of the issuer thereof arrange to have such 
notice taken back by such issuer upon such terms as are mutually agreed to by such issuer and 
such holder. 
(g) During the ten (10) Business Days between the issuance of the Delivery Notice and the 
Date of Delivery, the Delivery Worksheet will be accessible to each Deliverer and Receiver 
through eCOPS, showing information as to the Delivery Date, Issuer, Stopper, Exchange ID, 
EWR Number, Warehouse, Delivery Port, Weight, Invoice Amount and such other information as 
the Exchange shall determine. 
Amended by the Board January 24, 2007; effective February 2, 2007 [¶ (b)(ii)]. 
Amended by the Board March 24, 2016; effective April 13, 2016 [¶ (d)] 
Rule 9.06. Reserved 
Rule 9.07. Good Delivery 
(a) A tender of Cocoa shall be considered a good delivery when all requirements of the Rules 
pertaining thereto shall have been performed by both parties or a settlement made consistent 
therewith. A tender, conforming to the Rules, must be accepted and paid for by the Receiver on 
the Date of Delivery. Unless otherwise mutually agreed, payment shall be made by wire transfer 
to the Clearing Organization in same-day funds. 
(b) Sound Cocoa must be delivered from one (1) store in a warehouse licensed by the 
Exchange, located at one (1) of the delivery points specified in Rule 9.02, in an Exchange-
Segregated Lot as that term is defined in Rule 9.00, having no more than five (5) chops, except 
when a chop is added to make a deficiency in weight, but in no case shall the number of chops 
exceed six (6). For the purposes of this Rule, Sound Cocoa shall mean Cocoa for which no 
external condition has been noted by the Exchange sampler and which is packaged in bags made 
of sisal, henequen, jute, burlap or woven material having similar properties (any other material 
not permitted), without inner lining or outer covering of any other material. 


9-8 
(c) Cocoa tendered against a contract and found to be not a good delivery may be replaced by 
the tenderer provided that the replacement meets all of the requirements of the Rules and the 
Delivery Notice to which it is applicable. The lot used for such replacement may be a lot with a 
valid grading certificate, or a new lot for which grading has not yet been performed, in which 
case the provisions of paragraph (d) below are applicable. 
(d) Where cocoa tendered is found to be not a good delivery (for failed Grade or for any other 
reason, including failure to meet the minimum weight provisions of Rule 9.23 and this Rule) the 
Sampling Order for the replacement(s) must be presented to the Exchange at least five (5) 
Business Days prior to the Date of Delivery specified in the Delivery Notice. If the Deliverer 
elects to submit the Sampling Order after the time limits prescribed herein, the Exchange shall not 
be responsible in the event the results of such Sampling Order cannot be issued by the Date of 
Delivery, in which case the Deliverer shall be in default unless a mutually acceptable written 
agreement has been entered into as provided under Cocoa Rule 9.03. Notwithstanding the 
provisions of this paragraph, the Exchange shall not be liable in the event the results of any 
Sampling Order cannot be issued by the Date of Delivery. 
 (e) All merchandise delivered pursuant to any Exchange Futures Contract shall be of Grades 
conforming to United States standards. 
DEFAULTS—COCOA 
(f)(i) Except as otherwise provided for in the Rules, a Clearing Member shall be in default 
who shall: 
 (A) fail to issue or to tender a Delivery Notice, as required in Rule 9.05 or other section 
of the Rules, in fulfillment of any sale contracts outstanding in his name after trading in the 
current month has ceased; 
 (B) fail to timely become the Title Holder of a sufficient number of EWRs to satisfy its 
delivery obligations under any Delivery Notice issued by it, or to obtain the Weight Note or 
Certificate of Grade with respect to Cocoa being delivered pursuant to any such Delivery 
Notice (except as provided in Rule 9.11(e)); or  
 (C) fail to provide such other data as prescribed by the Exchange or otherwise fail to 
comply with the Rules relating to delivery of Cocoa. 
(ii) The delivery weight of a contract shall be ten (10) metric tons (1% more or less). Any 
variation from ten (10) metric tons of more than 1% but not in excess of 5% shall constitute a 
default by the Deliverer on part of a contract (a “Partial Weight Default”); any variation in 
excess of 5% of ten (10) metric tons shall constitute a default by the Deliverer on an entire 
contract (an “Entire Weight Default”).  Neither a Partial Weight Default nor an Entire Weight 
Default shall be excused or modified whether the weight variation be due to excessive or 
insufficient tender or failure to replace cocoa rejected by duly approved graders because of 
Grade or Growth. 
(iii) Deficiency of weight due to allowances made in accordance with the Rules on Cocoa 
retendered on the Weight Note in force is excepted from the provisions of this section. 
(iv) A Receiver shall be in default on an entire contract who, upon receipt of a tender of 
Cocoa in completion of an outstanding contract in conformity with the Rules, shall fail to pay 
in full the amount of the Exchange Invoice in accordance with the Rules. 
(v) In the event of a Partial Weight Default, the Deliverer shall pay a penalty equal to the 
higher of $11 per metric ton or 5% of the Notice Price per metric ton on the variation from 10 
metric tons.  
 


9-9 
(vi) Defaults (including Partial Weight Defaults and Entire Weight Defaults) which are not 
resolved in accordance with paragraph (v) above or by mutual agreement of the parties shall 
be settled by arbitration in accordance with Rule 9.27. 
(g) It shall be a violation of the Rules to default intentionally on any Exchange Futures 
Contract. If in the course of any arbitration there shall appear evidence of an intentional default, 
the Arbitration Committee shall report such evidence to the Exchange. 
(h) Settlements, however, consistent with the Rules may be made between parties at issue by 
mutual consent. 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2017; effective July 10, 2017 [¶¶ (b) through (d)]. 
Amended by the Board June 23, 2021; effective July 15, 2021 [¶¶(f)(i)(v) through (h)]. 
Amended by the Board June 15, 2022; effective July 1, 2022 [¶¶ (f)(C)(ii), (f)(C)(v) and 
(f)(C)(vi)]. 
Rule 9.08. Reserved 
Rule 9.09. When Tender of Cocoa Deemed Accepted 
(a) All bags of Cocoa tendered shall be regarded as accepted unless protest in writing be 
made by the Receiver upon the Deliverer as is hereinafter provided. 
(b) The protest herein referred to shall specify the faults that are found with the tender and 
shall be accompanied by a demand that such faults be corrected before the time set for delivery. 
Copy of said protest shall be served on the Exchange for possible reference to the Arbitration 
Committee. If, at the time of delivery, the holder of the notice shall refuse to accept the Cocoa 
tendered because the conditions complained of have not been corrected, the Arbitration 
Committee shall decide whether or not the faults which were the subject of the protest justified 
refusal to accept the delivery. If the Arbitration Committee finds that the refusal to accept 
delivery was justified, the Deliverer shall be in default. If the Arbitration Committee finds that the 
refusal to accept delivery was unjustified, the Receiver shall be in default. 
Rule 9.10. Reserved. 
Rule 9.11. Delivery and Payment of Cocoa 
(a) Delivery of Cocoa may be made on any Business Day between the sixth (6th) and last 
Business Days of the delivery month.  All such deliveries shall be made by the transfer of EWRs 
through Clearing Members that have executed eCOPS Participant Agreements in the form 
specified by the Exchange. 
(b) On the Date of Delivery, at 9:00 am, all information contained on the Delivery Worksheet 
for each Deliverer and Receiver shall be deemed complete, correct and final and may not be 
changed in any respect by a Deliverer or Receiver. At 9:00 am, on the basis of the information 
contained in such final Delivery Worksheet, the Exchange, through eCOPS, shall issue a Notice 
of Transfer causing the Clearing Organization to be identified in eCOPS as the Title Holder of the 
EWRs corresponding to the Cocoa identified in each such final Delivery Worksheet. The 
Clearing Organization shall thereafter debit the account designated by the Receiver for delivery 
purposes and credit the account designated by the Deliverer for such purposes for the full amount 
of the Exchange Invoice, and issue a Notice of Transfer causing the Receiver to be identified in 
eCOPS as the Title Holder of the corresponding EWRs. 
(c) If the final Delivery Worksheet does not contain one (1) or more Certificates of Grade 
with respect to a given Lot on the Date of Delivery, then 


9-10 
(i) the Exchange Invoice shall be designated a pro forma Exchange Invoice and the 
Receiver’s account shall be debited and the Deliverer’s account credited by the Clearing 
Organization for the amount specified in the pro forma Exchange Invoice; and 
 (ii) the Deliverer must have the Certificate of Grade issued to the Receiver no later than the 
fifth (5th) Business Day following the last permissible delivery day of the delivery month, at 
which time the Receiver and the Deliverer shall settle directly between them any amounts due 
and owing based upon the information in the Certificate of Grade. 
(d) Deliverer shall pay the warehouse operator for storage up to and including the last 
calendar day of the delivery month. Receiver shall be responsible for payment of storage 
commencing on the calendar day after the Date of Delivery, and the Exchange Invoice shall be 
calculated so that the Receiver reimburses the Deliverer storage for the period the calendar day 
after the Date of Delivery through the last calendar day of the delivery month. 
 (e) Should the Certificate of Grade not be ready for presentation, then the delivery shall take 
place as outlined above, but the estimated value of the Cocoa tendered must be stated upon the 
pro forma Exchange Invoice and a deduction of eleven dollars ($11.00) per ton on the net weights 
delivered shall be used in calculating the pro forma Exchange Invoice amount. Any Deliverer, 
who shall present an Exchange Invoice showing a Grade and Growth warranting a deduction 
greater than the equivalent of eleven dollars ($11.00) per ton, shall be subject to a complaint 
under the Disciplinary Rules.  
 
 
(f) In making the Delivery, the Deliverer warrants to the Receiver that the Cocoa delivered 
under the contract is free of all liens and/or claims of all kinds. 
 
Amended by the Board October 1, 2020; effective October 19, 2020 [¶¶ (d) and (f)]. 
Amended by the Board June 23, 2021; effective July 15, 2021 with the March 2022 delivery 
month and all subsequent delivery months thereafter [¶ (a)]. 
Rule 9.12. Special Relief at Arbitration 
In addition to the authority elsewhere vested in the Arbitration Committee by the Arbitration 
Rules, the Committee is hereby given explicit authority to grant measures of relief to a Member 
under the circumstances and in the manner hereinafter provided. 
(a) If a Clearing Member shall issue a Delivery Notice against Cocoa beans stored in a 
warehouse licensed by the Exchange and, because of contingencies beyond his control that affect 
a substantial number of warehouses licensed by the Exchange, he is unable to have the Cocoa 
weighed into an Exchange-Segregated Lot and to have the Cocoa sampled and graded in 
accordance with the Rules, but is able to obtain an EWR covering the number of bags to make 
approximately ten (10) metric tons net, the Arbitration Committee may, after investigating the 
matter, authorize the Deliverer to proceed with the fulfillment of his contract in the manner 
specified in Rule 9.11(c), and the pro forma Exchange Invoice shall contain a deduction of two 
percent (2%) for any subsequent adjustment in weights and eleven dollars ($11.00) per ton for 
any subsequent adjustment in Grade. 
(b) Any required adjustments in payments made as hereinabove provided shall be made 
directly between the Deliverer and Receiver immediately after the impediments that necessitated 
the pro forma payments are removed, and the requirements of the Rules affecting the 
merchandise so tendered in fulfillment of a contract must be conformed with promptly when the 
interference is removed. 


9-11 
(c) If a Member, seeking relief under the provisions of this Rule, shall claim that his 
difficulties are due to contingencies beyond his control, he may present supporting evidence to 
the Arbitration Committee, and that Committee shall be the sole and final judge as to whether or 
not such was the case or whether the contingencies cited would justify the relief sought by the 
Member. 
(d) Any apparently false or fraudulent statement of fact or circumstances made to the 
Arbitration Committee by a Member to obtain the benefit of any relief that may be granted by the 
Committee pursuant to this Rule may be reported by the Committee, or any member thereof, or 
by any Member who may have knowledge of the matter, to the Vice President/Market 
Regulation, whereupon the Disciplinary Rules may be invoked. 
Rule 9.13. Reserved 
Rule 9.14. Sampling Cocoa 
(a) All Cocoa to be delivered in Exchange-Segregated Lots which must be graded pursuant to 
the Rules shall be sampled in accordance with the provisions of this Rule: 
(i) Each Lot of cocoa to be sampled shall be sampled by one (1) duly licensed master 
sampler within two (2) Business Days following the receipt of the eCOPS Sampling Order 
(or three (3) Business Days in the case of Hampton Roads, the Port of Albany or the Port of 
Baltimore) or within such longer period as allowed by the Exchange for good cause shown. 
 
(1) The master sampler shall be selected at random from a list of duly licensed master 
samplers by the Exchange and shall be impartial and unbiased and not have acted in any 
capacity as an importer with respect to such cocoa.  Neither a Master Sampler nor a 
Sampler may sample cocoa if such Person or an immediate family member: (i) directly or 
indirectly has an ownership interest or is a partner or employee of a Firm which has an 
ownership interest in the cocoa submitted for Exchange sampling; (ii) directly or indirectly, 
is a  Deliverer or Receiver of cocoa tendered under Exchange Futures Contracts or is a 
partner or employee of a Firm which is a Deliverer or Receiver of Cocoa tendered under 
Exchange Futures Contracts; (iii) directly or indirectly has an ownership interest in, or is an 
employee of, the warehouse operator where the cocoa submitted for Exchange sampling is 
stored; or (iv) has any other business or personal relationship that poses a conflict of 
interest with respect to the sampling of cocoa under Exchange Futures Contracts. 
 (2) The total charge for such sampling, including handling and transportation, shall be 
payable by the Person, who submitted the Sampling Order, to the master sampler. In the 
case of the first (1st) Exchange delivery under a Certificate of Grade or the first (1st) 
Exchange delivery under a recertification of grade, the Deliverer shall include one half of 
the total charge for sampling in the Exchange Invoice and paid by the Receiver on the Date 
of Delivery as required by Rule 9.11. 
(3) Each master sampler shall maintain in strict confidence all information pertaining to a 
Sampling Order and to the circumstances and nature of its activities in drawing a sample, 
and shall not communicate such information to any Person other than a representative of 
the Exchange acting in his official capacity. 
(ii) For sound cocoa to be sampled hereunder, (A) no external condition may appear on the 
bags and (B) the cocoa must be packaged in bags made of sisal, henequen, jute, burlap, or 
woven material having similar properties (any other material not permitted), without inner 
lining or other outer covering of any other material; provided however cocoa packaged in 
bags of polypropylene or other plastic material which has a United States Customs entry date 


9-12 
prior to February 1, 1992 shall be considered sound . In the event an external condition of the 
bags does exist, or the cocoa is not packaged in bags made of permitted material,  it shall be 
noted by the sampler who shall record such condition or improper packaging on the Sampling 
Order and immediately notify the Exchange by facsimile (or other equally expeditious 
manner) whereupon the Exchange shall promptly notify the owner . The existence of any 
external conditions on the bags or improper packaging noted by the sampler shall 
automatically cancel the Sampling Order. 
 (iii) For every Lot of cocoa to be sampled hereunder, a Sampling Order, in such form as 
prescribed by the Exchange, shall be sent by the Deliverer to the Exchange at least five (5) 
Business Days prior to the Date of Delivery specified on the Delivery Notice. If a Deliverer 
elects to submit a Sampling Order after the time limit prescribed herein, the Exchange shall 
not be responsible in the event the results have not been determined by the Date of Delivery 
in which case the Deliverer would be in default unless a mutually acceptable written 
agreement has been entered into as provided under Rule 9.03. Notwithstanding the provisions 
of this paragraph, the Exchange shall not be liable in the event that the results of any 
Sampling Order cannot be issued by the Date of Delivery. 
(iv) The Exchange reserves the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, to refuse to accept 
or process any sample which it has reason to suspect was improperly drawn or is not fair and 
representative of the cocoa to which it relates. The Exchange's acceptance or processing of a 
sample is not intended as and shall not be considered an acknowledgement, agreement, or 
representation by the Exchange that such sample has been properly drawn or is fair and 
representative. 
(b) All Sampling Orders for Cocoa delivered on Delivery Notices shall be for about two and 
one-half (2 1/2) kilograms per chop of one hundred (100) bags or less and about five (5) 
kilograms per chop for chops of more than one hundred (100) bags, and all samples shall belong 
to the Receiver in lieu of a chop allowance. 
(c) When the cocoa is sampled for grading purposes by the Deliverer, after being weighed for 
delivery, the weight of the samples drawn from each chop shall be deducted from the Exchange 
Invoice. 
(d) The minimum number of bags of cocoa to be sampled by samplers on Sampling Orders as 
above described shall be as follows: 
Chops of 
On Original Sampling 
On Re-sampling 
5 bags or less 
Every Bag 
Every Bag 
6 to 25 bags 
5 bags 
5 bags 
26 to 50 bags 
10 bags 
25% of total bags 
51 to 75 bags 
15 bags 
25% of total bags 
76 to 100 bags 
20 bags 
25% of total bags 
101 and more 
20% of total bags 
25% of total bags 
Each sample shall consist of cocoa drawn from at least two (2) sides of every pile, at least one 
(1) of which must be drawn from the long side of the tier or aisle. 
(e) All cocoa sampled on Sampling Orders as herein provided shall be sampled into standard 
two (2) ply ten (10) lb. size bags furnished by the sampler. Immediately following the drawing of 
a sample, the sampler shall note the Lot number and the Exchange application identification 
number on the sample bag. The bag shall then be sealed and delivered to the Exchange. 
(i) The sampler shall note the following information in the Sampling Order to the extent 
applicable: 


9-13 
(1) Any differences between the identifying Lot number which appear on the physical 
bags or tags of cocoa and those on the Sampling Order, together with an explanation of the 
nature of each such difference. 
(2) The inaccessibility or illegibility of the identifying Lot numbers on the physical bags 
or tags of cocoa. 
(3) The absence of a warehouse tag affixed to any side of the tier or aisle of the chop to 
be sampled where the marks or the physical bags of cocoa are inaccessible or illegible. 
(4) The fact that the cocoa sampled is not stored so that two (2) sides (including at least 
(1) one long side) of the tier or aisle are accessible to the sampler as required by the 
Exchange's warehouse procedures. 
In any such instance, the sampler should describe the condition of the cocoa as accurately 
as possible on the Sampling Order. 
(ii) Signing of Sampling Orders 
(1) The master samplers and an authorized representative of the warehouse where the 
sampled cocoa is located, shall each sign three (3) printed copies of the Sampling Order, 
and the warehouse representative shall indicate on each copy the date of such Sampling 
Order from the sampler. 
(2) When a sample is drawn, the sampler shall issue a Sampling Confirmation which 
includes the date the sample was drawn, how the sample was sent including any waybill or 
tracking number and note any remarks. 
(3) The issuance of a Sampling Confirmation shall be deemed to be a certification that 
each sample drawn pursuant to the Sampling Order was drawn in accordance with 
Exchange procedures. 
(4) The signature of a warehouse representative shall be deemed to be a certification that 
on the date he signed the Sampling Order, the sampler appeared at the Licensed Store 
indicated on the Sampling Order and left the premises with samples in his possession. 
(5) The master samplers shall sign and complete a printed copy of the Sampling Order, 
mark the Exchange application, identification numbers and Lot numbers on the outside of 
the sample bag and deliver the sample(s) and the Sampling Order to the Exchange. 
(6) In the case where a sample cannot be drawn due to any external condition on the bags 
or improper packaging of the cocoa, both the samplers and warehouseman must sign a 
printed copy of the Sampling Order attesting thereto.  This dated and duly signed Sampling 
Order must be forwarded to the Exchange, whereupon the Exchange shall promptly notify 
the owner that the sample could not be drawn. 
 (f) Once the sample has been drawn, the master sampler shall scrape the bag surface area of 
the tier hole to re-close the bag weaving to minimize spillage. 
(g) These sampling procedures have been designed to promote the integrity and impartiality 
of the sampling process, and do not constitute an assumption by the Exchange in any respect of 
any responsibility of the Person on whose behalf the cocoa is sampled, and the Exchange shall 
have no liability for any acts or omissions in connection with such sample. The Exchange shall 
not be liable in any way by reason of the fact that any sample was not drawn in accordance with 
these procedures, or was otherwise improperly drawn, or was not fair and representative of the 
cocoa to which it is purported to relate. 
Amended by the Board May 20, 2010; effective May 25, 2010 [¶ (a)(i)(2)]. 


9-14 
Amended by the Board December 15, 2011; effective January 9, 2012 [¶ (a)(i)(1)]. 
Amended by the Board September 10, 2014 effective September 29, 2014 [¶¶ (a)(ii) and 
(e)(ii)(6)]. 
Rule 9.15. Fraudulently Packed Cocoa 
(a) Fraudulently packed cocoa shall be rejectable. 
(b) The Receiver of Cocoa can require any package to be opened and the actual quality to be 
ascertained, in which event all expense and loss shall be paid by the party whose sampler is 
shown to be in error. 
(c) False or fraudulently packed cocoa shall include bags containing a foreign substance, bags 
containing damaged cocoa in the interior without indication of such damage upon the exterior of 
the bags, bags composed of good cocoa immediately next to the bag and decidedly inferior cocoa 
in the interior of the bags in such manner as not to be readily detected by the trier, bags the marks 
on which indicate a specific Growth or Grade, but which contain cocoa of a decidedly inferior or 
different Growth or Grade. 
Rule 9.16. Original Shipping Bags 
Any Claim by a Receiver that Cocoa beans tendered under an Exchange Futures Contract are 
not in original shipping bags of average weight(s) customary for the Growth shall be submitted to 
the Arbitration Committee. 
Rule 9.17. Claims for Fraudulent Packing of Cocoa 
(a) After Cocoa has been examined, received and passed by the broker or agent of the buyer, 
no Claim may be made against the seller except for fraudulent packing. Claims for fraudulent 
packing must be made by the buyer within eight (8) days of discovery thereof, and the date of the 
discovery shall be incorporated in the sworn statement of the Claimant; in no case, however, shall 
any Claim for fraudulent packing be valid after ninety (90) days from the Date of Delivery. 
(b) Claims for fraudulent packing shall be made in writing, and shall state the particulars of 
the fraudulent packing, the marks by which the Cocoa was sold, and all other legible marks and 
numbers upon the bags. It shall also state the loss sustained by the buyer; such loss shall be the 
difference in market value on the day the Claim is dated between the fraudulent bag and a bag of 
Cocoa of the Grade and Growth bought in proper condition. 
(c) Any Claim made in accordance with the above, and verified by oath or affirmation, shall 
be deemed prima facie valid in favor of the Claimant, subject to reference to the Arbitration 
Committee. 
(d) In all cases of Claims for fraudulent packing, the party making the Claim shall have the 
right to return or the seller to demand the return of such bag or bags; in this event, the seller shall 
pay the cost of transportation both from and returning to the delivery point, and shall deliver other 
bags of the Grade and Growth sold, if demanded by the buyer. 
Rule 9.18. Grading Cocoa for Exchange Delivery 
(a) All Cocoa to be delivered in Exchange-Segregated Lots must be certified as deliverable 
with respect to Growth, Description, Condition, Count, Waste and Grade in accordance with the 
provisions of this Rule. 
(b) The Growth, Description, Condition, Count, Waste and Grade of Cocoa which may be 
delivered on an Exchange Futures Contract are as follows: 


9-15 
(i) Growth and Description 
The following Growths and Descriptions of Cocoa, as such Growths and Descriptions may 
from time to time be known in the trade, may be delivered at the premiums or at par as 
indicated below: 
Group A—Addition of $160—per metric ton 
Ghana 
Sierra Leone 
Ivory Coast 
Togo 
Nigeria  
Group B—Addition of $80—per metric ton 
Arriba (Ecuador) 
 
Hispaniolas  (Dominican Republic) 
Samoa 
Brazil 
 
Honduras   
 
 
Sanchez (Dominican Republic) 
Cameroon 
 
Jamaica 
 
 
 
Sao Tomé and Principe 
Colombia 
 
Indonesia- Java 
 
 
Sri Lanka  
Costa Rica 
 
Liberia 
 
 
 
Suriname 
Democratic Republic of Congo Mexico 
 
 
 
Tanzania 
Ecuador 
 
New Guinea 
 
 
Trinidad and Tobago 
El Salvador 
 
Nicaragua  
 
 
Uganda  
Equatorial New Guinea 
Panama 
 
 
 
Vanuatu   
  
Grenada 
 
Peru 
 
 
 
Venezuela 
 
Guatemala 
 
 
 
 
Group C—At Par 
Bolivia 
Haiti 
Indonesia-Sulawesi 
Malaysia 
All other growths not presently specified in Groups A, B or C. 
 
(ii) Condition 
 
 
Cocoa which is smoky or hammy is not deliverable. 
 
(iii) Count 
(1) The standard Count and the maximum Count of each group of Cocoa shall be as 
follows: 
 
Class 
STANDARD 
COUNT 
MAXIMUM COUNT 
A 
1000 per kg 
1200 
B 
1100 
1300 
C 
1200 
1400 
Cocoa exceeding 1400 beans per kilo shall not be deliverable. 
(2) The following variations of Count may be delivered at the discounts noted below, 
with such discounts to be applied as a reduction to the invoice weight: 


9-16 
 
Bean Count 
 
 
 
Discount 
Above Standard 
 
 
Percentage: 
 
1 to 25 beans   
0.5% 
26 to 50 beans   
1.0% 
51 to 75 beans 
1.5% 
76 to 100 beans 
2.0% 
101 to 125 beans 
2.5% 
126 to 150 beans 
3.0% 
151 to 175 beans 
3.5% 
176 to 200 beans 
4.0% 
 
(3). A Lot of cocoa from a Class A Growth and Description which does not meet the 
maximum Count requirement for Class A but which does meet the maximum Count 
requirement for Class B shall be deliverable at the Class B premium and count provision.  
A Lot of cocoa from a Class A or Class B Growth and Description which does not meet the 
maximum Count requirement for Class B but which does meet the maximum Count 
requirement for Class C shall be deliverable at the Class C par price and count provisions. 
(iv) Grade 
(1) The standard Grade is Cocoa, otherwise sound, defective to a maximum extent of: 4% 
by count show mold or 4% by count are insect infested or damaged; or a total of 6% by 
count show mold and are insect infested or damaged (or such other standards or lesser 
percentages as may from time to time be prescribed by the Food and Drug Administration 
or similar federal agency) and slatey to a maximum extent of ten percent (10%) by count. 
Except as provided in subparagraph (2)(A) of this paragraph, cocoa which exceeds any of 
the percentages prescribed in this Rule shall not be delivered on an Exchange Futures 
Contract. 
(2) The following variations from standard Grade may be delivered at the premiums or 
discounts indicated below: 
 
(A) For each one percent (1%) slatey more than ten percent (10%), a deduction of two 
dollars and twenty cents ($2.20) per metric ton; but in the case of Indonesia-Sulawesi, 
Sanchez and Haiti Cocoa beans, no deduction shall be made for excess slate. 
 
(v) Waste 
The standard or par amount of acceptable Waste is from 0% to 1.00%.  Waste exceeding 
5.00% shall not be deliverable.  Waste in excess of 1.00% and up to and including 5.00% 
may be delivered subject to the deductions noted below, with such deductions applied as a 
reduction to the invoice weight: 
For Waste From: 
1.01% to 2.50% -  
a deduction equal to the percentage of Waste minus 1.0;  
2.51% to 5.00% - 
a deduction equal to 1.5 plus the product of 1.5 times (the 
percentage of Waste minus 2.5) 


9-17 
(c) The Growth, Description, Condition, Count, Waste and Grade of Cocoa to be delivered on 
an Exchange Futures Contract must be established by duly licensed graders in accordance with 
the following: 
 
(i) All Cocoa to be delivered during the delivery period of an Exchange Futures Contract 
must have a valid Certificate of Grade as provided for in these Rules.  If the Cocoa which is to 
be delivered has been graded previously and the Certificate of Grade is no longer valid 
pursuant to paragraph (d)(ii)(2) of this Rule with respect to Grade, the Deliverer may elect to 
have the cocoa completely regraded or partially regraded.   For the avoidance of doubt, Cocoa 
which has been graded in accordance with this Rule and which has failed to meet the 
requirements set forth in Paragraph (b) above, may not be regraded for Exchange delivery and 
shall not be delivered, in whole or in part, on an Exchange Futures Contract.   
 (ii) The cocoa will be graded by a panel of three (3) licensed graders in accordance with 
such procedures as from time to time may be promulgated by the Board of Cocoa Graders. 
(1) The graders shall be selected by the Exchange from the entire list of licensed graders, 
and the Exchange, in a practical and equitable manner, shall rotate the service of graders. 
(2) No licensed grader may grade cocoa if such grader or an immediate family member;  
(i) directly or indirectly has an ownership interest in, or is a partner or employee of, a 
Firm which has an ownership interest in the cocoa submitted for grading;  
(ii) commencing one business day prior to first notice day of the expiring cocoa delivery 
month, directly or indirectly holds or controls a position (other than a de minimis position) 
in such delivery month or is a partner or employee of a Firm which holds or controls a 
position (other than a de minimis position) in such delivery month;  
(iii) directly or indirectly has an ownership interest in, or is an employee of, the 
warehouse operator where the cocoa submitted for grading is stored; or  
(iv) has any other business or personal relationship that poses a conflict of interest with 
respect to the grading of cocoa under Exchange Futures Contracts.  
(3) All grading of cocoa, except as may be provided in Rules 9.19 and 9.20, shall be 
conducted in the City of New York unless otherwise specified by the Exchange. 
(iii) The graders shall promptly meet to grade the cocoa, and each grader shall use every 
effort within his knowledge and experience to determine the true Growth, Description, 
Condition, Count, Waste and Grade of the cocoa and shall not knowingly grade a parcel of 
cocoa in which he has a direct interest, beneficial or prejudicial. The graders shall forward 
their decision as to the Grade of the cocoa within three (3) Business Days following, but 
excluding, the day of their appointment. 
(iv) Each grader shall grade the cocoa as follows: 
(1) If the graders agree that the cocoa (a) is of the Growth and Description tendered and 
(b) is not hammy or smoky, then: 
(A) Each of the graders shall grade the cocoa and specify his determination of grade on 
a grading memorandum. 
(B) If the panel of graders determines that the cocoa satisfies the requirements for 
delivery set forth hereunder, the panel shall so indicate on the grading memorandum, and 
a Certificate of Grade, setting forth the Growth, Description, Count, Condition and Grade 


9-18 
of the Cocoa as provided in Rule 9.18(d), shall be issued which states that the Cocoa 
meets Exchange standards. 
(2) If the panel of graders determines that the cocoa (1) is not the Growth and Description 
tendered or (2) is hammy or smoky or (3) does not satisfy the grade requirements for 
delivery set forth hereunder, a Certificate of Grade shall be issued stating that the cocoa 
does not meet Exchange standards, the panel of graders shall file a written report with the 
Exchange which sets forth the reasons for its determination and the Deliverer shall be 
promptly notified that the cocoa cannot be delivered on an Exchange Futures Contract. 
(3) If any grader determines that the cocoa is of the Growth and Description tendered, but 
is hammy or smoky or, conversely, if any grader determines that the cocoa is not hammy or 
smoky but is not of the Growth and Description tendered, then 
(A) each grader shall report his determination to the Exchange; and 
(B) the cocoa shall be promptly submitted for examination to a new panel of three (3) 
licensed graders, to be graded in accordance with the same procedure as outlined in 
subparagraphs (c)(ii) and (c)(iii) above; provided, however, that before the cocoa is 
submitted to the panel for grading, the Deliverer shall be notified, and he may request 
that new samples be taken for reexamination by the original graders or withdraw the Lot 
of cocoa under examination and substitute therefor another Lot of cocoa of the same 
Growth and Description, which shall be graded in accordance with the procedure outlined 
in subparagraphs (c)(ii) and (c)(iii) above; and 
(C) each grader on the panel shall grade the cocoa by voting, in accordance with the 
procedures outlined in subparagraph (c)(iv). 
(v) The graders shall determine the Count of cocoa by multiplying by ten (10) the number 
of beans in one hundred (100) grams, pull out any extraneous material and add back beans to 
bring the weight up to one hundred (100) grams, fairly taken from the sample under 
examination and jointly weighed and counted. 
(1) At the request of either grader, the test may be repeated a second (2nd) and third (3rd) 
time, but if more than one (1) test is made, the results shall be averaged. 
(2) The Count, so established shall be final and binding and shall be recorded on the 
grading memorandum. 
(vi) The Grader shall determine the waste of the cocoa by pulling out all Waste as defined 
in Rule 9.00 from a 300 gram sample, weighing the aggregate amount of such waste to the 
nearest tenth of a whole gram, and dividing that weight by 300.  The resulting number shall 
be rounded to the nearest hundredth of a percent. 
The Waste so established shall be final and binding, and shall be recorded on the grading 
memorandum. 
(vii) The fees for grading shall be such amounts as may from time to time be established by 
the Board. All grading fees shall be payable by the Person, who submitted the Sampling 
Order, to the Exchange within ten (10) days of receipt of an invoice from the Exchange. This 
fee shall be distributed by the Exchange to the graders selected hereunder in the amounts 
established by the Board. In the case of the first (1st) Exchange delivery under a Certificate of 
Grade or the first (1st) Exchange delivery under a recertification of grade, one half of the 
grading fees paid to the Exchange shall be included in the Exchange Invoice and paid by the 
Receiver on the Date of Delivery as required by Rule 9.11, unless it shall be determined that 
the cocoa is not good delivery, in which case the entire grading fee shall be for the account of 


9-19 
the Deliverer, unless such fees are otherwise apportioned by the Special Arbitration 
Committee appointed in accordance with Rule 9.27. 
(d) The Growth, Description, Condition, Count, Waste and Grade of Cocoa finally 
established by the graders under the foregoing procedure shall be recorded in a Certificate of 
Grade. 
(i) The Certificate of Grade shall be in such form as prescribed by the Exchange and shall 
include the date of the determination of Grade. The Certificate of Grade shall include the 
following information: 
(1) a declaration that the Cocoa is good delivery, that it is of the Growth and 
Description named therein and that the Condition and Grade are within Exchange 
requirements; 
(2) the Count; 
(3) the Waste; 
(4) the quantity, mark and date of customs entry of each chop, with the grade thereof; 
(5) Exchange number and Lot number; 
(6) the date of each Delivery Notice issued for the Cocoa graded and to be graded 
under the Certificate; and 
(7) the percentage of moldy and of insect infested (including insect damaged) beans as 
determined by each grader or by the panel. 
(ii) The Growth, Description, Condition, Count, Waste and Grade of a particular Lot of 
Cocoa indicated on the Certificate of Grade shall be deemed the true Growth, Description, 
Condition, Count, Waste and Grade of such Cocoa and: 
(1) for purposes of delivery, the Certificate of Grade shall be valid, as regards Growth, 
Description, Condition, Count, Waste and Grade of a Lot of Cocoa as follows: 
a. if issued during a delivery period, for the remainder of such delivery period 
and the subsequent delivery period; or 
b. if issued outside of a delivery period, for the next two delivery periods; and     
 
(2) for purposes of redelivery, the Certificate of Grade shall be valid indefinitely, as 
regards Growth, Description, Condition, Waste and Count, of a Lot of Cocoa, or any chop 
thereof, as long as the Lot or chops to which it is applicable can be identified. The 
Certificate of Grade shall be valid as to Grade during the entire month of the initial delivery 
period in or for which the Certificate of Grade was issued and the next subsequent delivery 
period (provided the bags are in good condition). 
(iii) The Exchange shall not issue a Certificate of Grade which states that the cocoa meets 
Exchange standards if: 
(1) the graders certifying to the Grade have not been licensed by the Exchange; 
(2) any two (2) graders certifying to the Grade are members of the same Firm; 
(3) the same party acts as a Deliverer and Receiver of the Cocoa, except upon proof that 
such party is acting for two (2) Principals, and that, the actual Deliverer and Receiver are in 
fact separate and distinct; or 
(4) the cocoa is not to be delivered pursuant to a contract sold on the Exchange. 


9-20 
Amended by the Board May 22, 2007; effective May 23, 2007 [¶ (c)(v)]. 
Amended by the Board February 13, 2008; effective February 19, 2008 [¶¶ (b)(i) and (iii)(3)]. 
Amended by the Board November 12, 2008; effective November 17, 2008 [¶ (c)(i)]. 
Amended by the Board February 2, 2010; effective with the March 2012 delivery month [¶¶ (a) 
through (d)]. 
Amended by the Board May 20, 2010; effective May 25, 2010 [¶ Addition of CCN Ecuador to 
Group B]. 
Amended by the Board June 23, 2011; effective with the July 2013 delivery month [¶¶ (iii)(b)(2)]. 
Amended by the Board June 19, 2013; effective with the January 2015 delivery month [¶¶ (b)(i)]. 
Amended by the Board September 25, 2013; effective October 31, 2013 [¶¶ (c)(ii)(2)]. 
Amended by the Board July 15, 2015; effective July 31, 2015 [¶¶(b)(iv)(2)]. 
Amended by the Board December 4, 2015; effective December 30, 2015 [¶¶ (b)(i) Change in 
Name of CNN to Ecuador, (c)(i)]. 
Amended by the Board December 11, 2019; effective January 30, 2020 [¶¶ (b)(i) and (b)(iii)]. 
Amended by the Board December 11, 2019; effective with the May 2020 cocoa futures contracts 
[¶¶ (3)]. 
Amended by the Board April 30, 2020; effective May 15, 2020 [¶(c) and (c)(ii)(3)]. 
Amended by the Board June 18, 2021; effective July 5, 2021 [¶¶  (c)(i) and (d)(ii)(1)(a) and (b)]. 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2022; effective April 20, 2023 [¶¶ (c)(2) and (c)(2)(ii)]. 
Rule 9.19. Grading Cocoa not Exchange Delivery; Informal Examination 
(a) Any Person who has been licensed by the Exchange as a Cocoa grader, may examine any 
parcel of cocoa beans upon the request of any Member or non-member of the Exchange to 
determine the quality and condition of such cocoa and may sign, as a grader licensed by the 
Exchange, a letter reporting his findings and opinion (hereinafter referred to as the letter) 
providing the provisions of this Rule are observed: 
(b) The party requesting the examination of the cocoa shall inform the grader as to the owner 
of the cocoa and of the names of any other parties who may have an actual or potential interest 
therein and provide evidence of the agreement of the owners to the examination. 
(c) The grader shall have no direct interest, beneficial or prejudicial, in the parcel of cocoa to 
be examined, and upon request shall produce a letter confirming that he is an Exchange-licensed 
grader, which letter must be acknowledged by the Exchange’s Commodity Operations 
Department (“Commodity Operations”). 
(d) The cocoa to be examined shall be sampled by a master sampler licensed by the 
Exchange, under the direction of the grader by whom he shall be selected, to whom he shall make 
a written report identifying the parcel of cocoa sampled and the number of bags sampled, with 
any other particulars that may be requested by the grader, and the sampler shall seal the sample 
where drawn and deliver the sealed sample to the grader. The grader shall pay the master sampler 
and collect the master sampler's fee from the party requesting the examination of the cocoa. The 
fee for sampling shall be the regular fee for sampling plus any additional amount that may be 
agreed upon to cover any extra work involved in sampling the parcel of cocoa to be examined. 
(e) The grader shall use every effort within his knowledge and experience to determine the 
true quality and condition of the parcel of cocoa, and the letter which he shall sign as a grader 


9-21 
licensed by the Exchange shall accurately set forth his findings as to the quality and condition of 
the cocoa for which such letter is issued. 
(f) The grader shall collect from the party requesting the examination of the cocoa such fees 
as the Board may from time to time prescribe. 
(g) The grader shall deliver his letter, duly signed, and the sampler's report to the party 
requesting the examination; and to Commodity Operations a copy of each, sealed in an envelope, 
properly marked and dated for identification, and such envelope shall not be opened except by 
order of the Board. Such envelopes shall be retained for a period of not less than six (6) years 
from the date thereon. 
(h) The grader shall pay to the Exchange one fifth (1/5) of the fee collected for examining 
cocoa pursuant to this Rule. 
(i) Any complaint against a master sampler or grader for violation of this Rule, or for 
misconduct thereunder, shall be made to the Exchange who shall hear the complaint and the 
defense, and determine whether to take any action pursuant to Rules 7.17 or 7.19.  
Amended by the Board April 15, 2009; effective April 24, 2009 [¶¶ ( c), (g) and (i)]. 
Amended by the Board April 22, 2019; effective May 31, 2019 [¶ (i)]. 
Rule 9.20. Grading Cocoa not Exchange Delivery; Formal Examination 
(a) Any Person holding cocoa beans stored in a public warehouse, whether or not licensed by 
the Exchange, may submit such cocoa for examination by Persons who have been licensed by the 
Exchange as cocoa graders, providing the conditions in this Rule are observed. 
(b) The holder of the cocoa shall send to Commodity Operations a Sampling Order for the 
cocoa involved, accompanied by a request for such an examination and an agreement to pay the 
costs pertaining thereto. 
(c) The Exchange shall appoint a licensed master sampler to sample the cocoa. The cocoa 
shall be graded by three (3) graders licensed by the Exchange to be selected by Commodity 
Operations. The sampling and grading shall be done in accordance with the Rules and practice. 
(d) The graders shall have no direct interest, beneficial or prejudicial, in the parcel of cocoa to 
be examined. 
(e) The graders shall use every effort within their knowledge and experience to determine the 
true quality and condition of the parcel of cocoa, and the grading memorandum which they shall 
sign as graders licensed by the Exchange shall accurately set forth their findings as to the quality 
and condition of the cocoa for which such grading memorandum is issued. 
(f) Each of the graders shall collect from the party requesting the examination a fee 
corresponding to the regular grading fees of the Exchange. 
(g) The graders shall report their grades to the Exchange, which shall cause them to be 
recorded on the grading memorandum, and after the same has been duly signed by the licensed 
graders, the Certificate of Grade shall be issued by the Exchange, but such Certificate of Grade 
shall not be valid for a delivery of cocoa against an Exchange Futures Contract. 
(h) Modification of the above Rule may be made, if necessary, to conform to any 
arrangement which might be made by an individual Member or a non-member with the U.S. 
Government in the event cocoa has been seized or detained by a Governmental authority, in 
which case the fee for examination shall be five dollars ($5) for each grader to each sample 
examined. 


9-22 
Amended by the Board April 16, 2009; effective April 24, 2009 [¶¶ (b) and (c)]. 
Rule 9.21. Reserved. 
Rule 9.22. Reserved. 
Rule 9.23. Weighing Cocoa 
(a) Cocoa to be delivered in an Exchange-Segregated Lot must weigh ten (10) metric tons, 
one percent (1%) more or less (in original shipping bags of average weight(s) customary for the 
Growth) and must be weighed in accordance with the following Rule. 
(i) All Cocoa to be delivered hereunder must be weighed (unless a Weight Note is in force 
as hereinafter provided) within thirteen (13) full Business Days preceding the delivery and 
must be weighed by a duly licensed weighmaster (or a weigher employed by such 
weighmaster). 
(ii) Before the cocoa is weighed, (1) all unnecessary bagging must be removed from the 
cocoa (or a fair deduction for the weight thereof shall be made) and for this purpose all 
bagging in excess of that which is customary and not essential to cover and protect the Cocoa 
in a proper manner shall be deemed unnecessary (the tare allowance on Exchange deliveries 
of cocoa shall be actual bag tare, as established by the weighers using a tare bag scale in the 
customary manner); (2) any bags of cocoa having an accumulation of dust or other foreign 
matter must be brushed clean (or replaced by other bags not having such an accumulation); 
and (3) the scales must meet the specifications of the National Institute of Standards and 
Technology and must be calibrated within twenty (20) days before the first (1st) delivery date 
of each Exchange delivery period, by a certified scale company. Scales having a weight 
capacity over one thousand (1,000) pounds, shall have a tolerance level of one (1) pound, 
plus or minus, per one thousand (1,000) pounds, and must be tested before each day of 
weighing. The owner of the scales must produce evidence of the last calibrated test by 
showing a card of identification upon which is recorded the number and make of the scales, 
the date when tested and the signature of the weighmaster (or his substitute) and scale 
company technician who was present at the time the test was made. 
(iii) The weighmaster who weighs any cocoa into Exchange-Segregated Lots shall: 
(1) Not have acted in any capacity as an importer with respect to cocoa and shall be 
impartial and unbiased; 
(2) Securely fix to one (1) of the visible bags in each chop a durable tag, approved by the 
Exchange, identifying the chop of cocoa as to steamer, date of import, mark, number of 
bags in chop, Lot number, chop number and date of weighing. In addition, the weigher 
shall mark with marking ink on a prominent bag in each Lot the Lot number and the 
number of bags in the Lot; 
(3) Issue a Weight Note, which shall include the following: 
(A) The Weight Note shall state the weight, identification and location of the cocoa and 
the date the Cocoa was weighed. 
(B) The identification and location of the cocoa may be given by including the 
information specified in subparagraph (a)(iii)(2) herein and the following further 
information: name and location of the warehouse operator, and the Licensed Store in 
which the cocoa was weighed. 
(C) The Weight Note will be deemed to include the following certification: 


9-23 
"I hereby certify that the cocoa specified in this Weight Note was weighed in accordance 
with every provision of the Bylaws and Rules of ICE Futures U.S., Inc., and that the 
weights stated herein are correctly reported." 
(b) The weight of the cocoa determined in accordance with the procedures set forth in 
paragraph (a) of this Rule, as evidenced of the Weight Note, shall be deemed the true weight of 
the cocoa for the following purposes: 
(i) For delivery of Cocoa, provided the Cocoa has been weighed within thirteen (13) full 
Business Days; 
(ii) For redelivery of Cocoa and for delivery of Cocoa which has not been weighed within 
thirteen (13) full Business Days, in whole or for any complete chop or chops, provided such 
chop or chops have at no time been moved from the Licensed Store specified in the Weight 
Note and provided further that the following allowances are made for loss of weight. 
(A) In the case of Sanchez, Haiti or Jamaica Cocoa, the allowances for loss in weight 
shall be as follows: 
(I) On Lots comprised of Cocoa which arrived at a port in the continental United States 
on a date less than forty (40) days prior to the date on which the actual weighing was 
completed, as shown by the Weight Note on which the delivery is invoiced hereinafter 
the Weight Note Date; both dates exclusive, when redelivered or delivered within thirty 
(30) days of the Weight Note Date, one percent (1%); when redelivered or delivered 
within thirty-one (31) and sixty (60) calendar days of the Weight Note Date, two percent 
(2%); thereafter an additional one-fourth of one percent for each additional thirty (30) 
calendar day period or fractional part thereof following the Weight Note Date. 
(II) On Lots comprised of Cocoa which arrived at a port in the continental United 
States on a date more than forty (40) days, but less than seventy (70) days, prior to the 
Weight Note Date, both dates exclusive, when redelivered or delivered within thirty (30) 
calendar days of the Weight Note Date, one percent (1%); thereafter an additional one-
fourth of one percent for each additional thirty (30) calendar day period or fractional part 
thereof following the Weight Note Date. 
(III) On Lots comprised of Cocoa which arrived at a port in the continental United 
States on a date seventy (70) days or more prior to the Weight Note Date, both dates 
exclusive, when redelivered or delivered within thirty (30) calendar days of the Weight 
Note Date, one-fourth of one percent; thereafter an additional one-fourth of one percent 
for each additional thirty (30) calendar day period or fractional part thereof following the 
Weight Note Date. 
(IV) For the purposes of this Rule, the date of arrival of Cocoa shall be the date on 
which the vessel in which the Cocoa was imported was entered at the United States 
Custom House at the port in the continental United States at which the Cocoa was 
discharged. The name of the vessel and date of entry shall be plainly stated on every 
invoice for Sanchez, Haiti or Jamaica Cocoa delivered on the Exchange. 
(a) Omission of such information shall invalidate the Exchange Invoice and the 
Deliverer shall be in default in respect to the contract to which the Exchange Invoice 
was applicable. 
(b) In case of falsification of such information the Deliverer may be proceeded 
against before the Arbitration Committee by any Member who has thereby been caused 
loss or damage and shall, in addition, be subject to discipline as provided in the 
Disciplinary Rules. 


9-24 
(B) In the case of other Growths and Descriptions of Cocoa the allowance for loss of 
weight shall be one-quarter of one percent for each thirty (30) calendar day period or 
fractional part thereof from the Weight Return Date. 
(c) Any Cocoa to be delivered in Exchange-Segregated Lots may, at the option of the holder, 
be reweighed and may be delivered and redelivered on such reweights (subject to the allowances 
hereinabove provided) but the reweighing of such Cocoa shall invalidate the original weights for 
the purposes of delivery or redelivery. 
(d) Any bag of cocoa shall be deemed unmerchantable, and may be rejected, unless it is the 
approximate standard weight of a bag of the particular Growth of cocoa, or an approximate 
weight not exceeding the customary maximum or not less than the customary minimum of 
weights of a particular Growth, shipments of which are made from the country of origin in bags 
of varying capacities; provided, however, and anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, 
bags originally of standard or average weight that have become slack through the usual process of 
handling and the contents of which are the original contents of such bags shall be deemed to be 
the original bags of standard or average weight for all Exchange purposes. 
(e) The Exchange shall not be liable in any way by reason of the fact that the Cocoa covered 
by a Weight Note was not weighed, or that a Weight Note was not prepared, in accordance with 
these procedures. The Exchange has no liability for any actions or omissions of its own 
employees or others in connection with the weighing of Cocoa. 
(f)(i) Any movement of Cocoa from the Licensed Store specified in the Weight Note shall 
invalidate such weights for the purposes of delivery or redelivery. 
(ii) In the event Cocoa is moved from one (1) Licensed Store to another Licensed Store of 
the same warehouse operator or the Licensed Store of another warehouse operator, the 
warehouse operator moving the Cocoa shall: 
(1) obtain authorization from the Member owning the Cocoa and the Exchange; 
(2) provide for Exchange supervision of the move; and 
(3) bear the cost of re-weighing. 
Amended by the Board April 15, 2009; effective April 24, 2009 [¶ (a)(iii)(3)(C)]. 
Rule 9.24. Rebagging of Cocoa 
When to protect the contents of an original bag(s) of Cocoa stored in a warehouse licensed by 
the Exchange, it shall be necessary to rebag such Cocoa, such rebagging may be done, within the 
discretion of the Exchange, and upon the following conditions: 
(a) The owner of the Cocoa shall make a written request to the Exchange reciting the 
circumstances requiring the rebagging, the name and address of the warehouse, steamer, date of 
arrival, mark, Growth and number of bags in Lot of Cocoa and approximate number of such bags 
requiring rebagging: also, name of weigher licensed by the Exchange who is to do such 
rebagging, and the owner shall agree to assume all expenses involved. 
(b) The Exchange may, permit such rebagging to be done under the supervision of a second 
licensed weigher who shall be appointed by the Exchange. 
(c) The new bag(s) shall be marked with the mark or marks of the original bag(s) and a record 
of such rebagging shall be made by the warehouse company upon the warehouse receipt covering 
the Cocoa. A record of such rebagging shall also be made by the weighmaster, certified to by the 
weighmaster appointed by the Exchange and reported to the Exchange. Such bag(s) shall be 
deemed original bags for Exchange purposes. 


9-25 
(d) All expenses incurred in connection with such rebagging shall be borne by the owner of 
the Cocoa. 
Amended by the Board April 15, 2009; effective April 24, 2009 [¶ (b)]. 
Amended by the Board April 22, 2019; effective May 31, 2019 [¶¶ (a) and (b)]. 
Rule 9.25. Reserved. 
Rule 9.26. Reserved. 
 
Rule 9.27. Arbitration Of Disputes 
(a)(i) Any dispute between Clearing Members, except as to Grade or external condition, in 
which one (1) Clearing Member claims that the other Clearing Member has failed to meet his 
obligations as Deliverer or Receiver under a Cocoa Futures Contract traded on this Exchange 
shall be settled by arbitration in accordance with the provisions of this Rule; provided that, if the 
Claimant does not notify the Exchange of such failure within three (3) Business Days of the date 
on which such Clearing Member becomes aware of such failure, said Clearing Member shall be 
deemed to have waived its rights under this Rule, without prejudice to any other rights or 
remedies at law or under any other provisions of the Rules. 
(ii) Each notice filed pursuant to subparagraph (a)(i) hereof shall be accompanied by a 
nonrefundable check payable to the Exchange in the amount of three hundred seventy-five 
dollars ($375). 
(b) Upon receipt by the Exchange of the notice and payment required by subparagraph (a)(ii) 
hereof, the Exchange shall forward one (1) copy of said notice to the Clearing Member against 
whom the Claim is being asserted and one (1) copy of said notice to any other Clearing Member 
joined in the arbitration pursuant to subparagraph (c)(viii) hereof. 
(c) A Special Arbitration Committee of three (3) disinterested members of the Cocoa 
Committee shall be appointed by the Chairman within one (1) Business Day of the Exchange's 
receipt of the notice and payment required by subparagraph (a)(iii) hereof. The Special 
Arbitration Committee shall establish the date, time and place for a hearing. Each Special 
Arbitration Committee shall determine the procedures to be followed in any hearing before it, 
except that the following shall apply in every case: 
(i) A Clearing Member who is a party to the arbitration ("party") shall be entitled to appear 
personally at the hearing(s). 
(ii) Each party, at his own expense, shall have the right to be represented by counsel in any 
aspect of the proceedings. 
(iii) Each party shall be entitled to (1) prepare and present all relevant facts in support of 
the Claims and grievances, defenses or counterclaims which arise out of the transaction or 
occurrence that is the subject matter of the proceeding and to present rebuttal evidence to 
such Claims or grievances, defenses or counterclaims made by other parties, (2) examine 
other parties, (3) examine any witnesses appearing at the hearing(s), and (4) examine all 
relevant documents presented in connection with the Claim or grievance, or any defense or 
counterclaim applicable thereto. 
(iv) The formal rules of evidence shall not apply. 
(v) No verbatim record shall be made of the proceedings, unless requested by a party who 
shall bear the cost of such record. If such a request is made, a stenographic transcript shall be 


9-26 
taken, but not transcribed unless requested by a party who shall bear the cost of such 
transcription. 
(vi) Ex parte contacts by any party with members of the Special Arbitration Committee 
shall not be permitted. 
(vii) The Special Arbitration Committee shall have the power, on the request of any party 
or on its own motion, to require any Person to testify and/or produce documentary evidence 
in the proceedings as and to the extent provided for in Rule 21.04. 
(viii) Any party to the dispute may apply to the Special Arbitration Committee for 
permission to join as a party any other Member (1) who is or may be liable to such party for 
all or part of the Claim being asserted against him, or (2) who claims an interest in the subject 
of the dispute. The Special Arbitration Committee shall have complete and absolute 
discretion to grant or deny any such application, in whole or in part. 
(ix) The rights and duties set forth in this Rule with respect to parties shall apply to any 
Member joined as a party pursuant to subparagraph (c)(viii) hereof. 
(d)(i) Proven losses established before the Special Arbitration Committee shall be awarded to 
the injured party(ies).  In addition, the settlements outlined below in paragraphs (d)(i)(1) through 
(d)(ii)(3) shall be awarded. 
(1)  In the event of an Entire Weight Default, the Deliverer shall pay the Receiver five 
percent (5%) of the settlement price per ton determined by the Special Arbitration 
Committee, or eleven dollars ($11.00) per metric ton, whichever shall be greater, for the 
full ten (10) metric tons. 
(2) In the case where a Deliverer is determined to be in default by the Special Arbitration 
Committee for failure to meet delivery obligations then: 
(A) where the settlement price determined by the Special Arbitration Committee is 
higher than the price stated on the Delivery Notice, the Deliverer shall be required to 
pay to the Receiver the difference between such settlement price and the price stated 
on the Delivery Notice; or 
(B) where the settlement price determined by the Special Arbitration Committee is 
lower than the price stated on the Delivery Notice, the Receiver shall be required to 
pay to the Deliverer the difference between such settlement price and the price stated 
on the Delivery Notice. 
(3) In the case where a Receiver is determined to be in default by the Special Arbitration 
Committee for failing to meet receiving obligations then: 
(A) where the settlement price determined by the Special Arbitration Committee is 
higher than the price stated on the Delivery Notice, the Deliverer shall be required to 
pay to the Receiver the difference between such settlement price and the price stated 
on the Delivery Notice; or 
(B) where the settlement price determined by the Special Arbitration Committee is 
lower than the price stated in the Delivery Notice, the Receiver shall be required to 
pay to the Deliverer the difference between such settlement price and the price stated 
on the Delivery Notice. 
(e) The obligations of the parties under this Rule shall be satisfied without any setoff or 
deduction whatsoever. Upon final payment as set forth in paragraph (i) hereof, the net amount of 
any variation Margins which have been paid to either party from the date of issuance of the 


9-27 
Delivery Notice to the date of payment of the settlement of the default, shall be collected from 
such party by the Clearing Organization and paid to the other party. 
(f)(i) The Special Arbitration Committee shall render its award in writing adjudging which, if 
any, party is in default, declaring the settlement price, awarding the amount of money, if any, to 
be paid by the party in default, and granting any further remedy or relief which it deems just and 
equitable. 
(ii) The Special Arbitration Committee may, in its sole and absolute discretion, order that 
the amounts payable pursuant to paragraph (d), be paid directly to the aggrieved party, in 
whole or in part, by a party other than the Deliverer or Receiver, as the case may be; provided 
that the aggrieved party's rights shall not be prejudiced by any such order. 
(iii) The award of the Special Arbitration Committee shall be final and binding upon each 
of the parties to the arbitration, and judgment upon such award may be entered by any court 
having jurisdiction. In addition, any award, if not complied with within the time specified in 
the award, shall be enforceable by disciplinary proceedings pursuant to the Rules. 
(g) The payments prescribed above shall be made by the close of business on the second (2nd) 
Business Day after notification in writing of the Special Arbitration Committee's award. Payment 
and settlement of any default as determined above shall be effected through the Exchange. Such 
payment shall be accepted as final payment.  
(h) The Special Arbitration Committee may refer any aspect of the matter being arbitrated to 
the Exchange for investigation and/or possible disciplinary action. 
Amended by the Board June 23, 2021; effective July 15, 2021 [¶¶ (d)(i) through (f)(ii) and (h)]. 
Amended by the Board June 15, 2022; effective July 1, 2022 [¶¶ (d)(i) and (d)(i)(1)]. 
Rule 9.28. External Condition Procedure 
(a) Any Claim by a Member that Cocoa tendered for delivery or delivered under an Exchange 
Futures Contract has an external condition on the bag which renders it unsound shall be in 
accordance with the provisions of this Rule. 
(i) The Receiver shall notify the Exchange of any Claim hereunder within three (3) 
Business Days of the Date of Delivery. Failure to notify the Exchange within the specific 
time shall be deemed a waiver of the Receiver's rights to assert a Claim that Cocoa tendered 
for delivery or delivered under an Exchange Futures Contract has an external condition on the 
bag. 
(ii) The Receiver's notice to the Exchange shall identify the location of the Cocoa involved, 
together with the basis for the Receiver's Claim that an external condition on the Cocoa bag 
exists. Upon receipt of such notice, the Receiver shall be billed and immediately thereafter 
pay to the Exchange a non-refundable fee in the amount of three hundred seventy-five dollars 
($375). A copy of such notice shall also be served upon the Deliverer by the Receiver. 
(b) The Exchange will cause the Cocoa to be surveyed by an Exchange licensed master 
sampler ("sampler") selected randomly by the Exchange from the panel of licensed samplers. The 
sampler selected shall not include any sampler who previously sampled the Cocoa either in the 
current delivery period or a prior delivery period for which a valid Certificate of Grade with 
respect to grade exists or any sampler who, in the Exchange's sole discretion, might not be 
impartial. 
(c) The sampler will survey the Cocoa which is the subject of the dispute and determine 
whether any external condition exists on the bags. The determination of the sampler shall be final 
and binding, and there shall be no appeals therefrom. 


9-28 
(d) If the sampler determines that no external condition exists on the bags of Cocoa which are 
the subject of the dispute, the Receiver, in addition to the fee paid to the Exchange to initiate this 
procedure, shall pay the sampler's fee. 
(e) If the sampler determines that the bags of Cocoa which are the subject of the dispute have 
an external condition, the Deliverer shall be required to correct the external condition existing on 
the bags or substitute other Cocoa within five (5) Business Days after receipt of written 
notification of the decision of the sampler. The Deliverer shall also be responsible for payment of 
the sampler's fee. 
(f) The filing of a notice in accordance with this Rule shall not affect the obligation of a 
Receiver to pay for Cocoa delivered against a Cocoa Futures Contract, provided that all 
documents necessary for such delivery have been duly presented to the Receiver by the Deliverer. 
 


9-29 
COCOA OPTIONS 
Rule 9.40. Option—Forms 
(a) All Cocoa Call Options shall be in the following form: 
COCOA CALL OPTION 
New York, N.Y. __________ 20__ 
_______ (the Grantor) hereby grants to ________ (the Purchaser) an Option to enter into one 
(1) Cocoa Futures Contract on the ICE Futures U.S.®, Inc. to purchase Cocoa for delivery in 
_______ (the delivery month of the Option's Underlying Futures Contract) at a price of _______ 
dollars per metric ton (the Strike Price). 
The Purchaser hereby agrees to pay a Premium of $_______ for this Option. 
This Option is, and any Exchange Futures Contract resulting from its exercise shall be, made 
in view of, and in all respects subject to, the Rules of the Exchange, of the Clearing Organization, 
and of any successor to either of them, as adopted or amended from time to time. 
(b) All Cocoa Put Options shall be in the following form: 
COCOA PUT OPTION 
New York, N.Y. __________ 20__ 
_______ (the Grantor) hereby grants to ________ (the Purchaser) an Option to enter into one 
(1) Cocoa Futures Contract on the ICE Futures U.S.®, Inc. to sell Cocoa for delivery in _______ 
(the delivery month of the Option's Underlying Futures Contract) at a price of _______ dollars 
per metric ton (the Strike Price). 
The Purchaser hereby agrees to pay a Premium of $_______ for this Option. 
This Option is, and any Exchange Futures Contract resulting from its exercise shall be, made 
in view of, and in all respects subject to, the Rules of the Exchange, of the Clearing Organization, 
and of any successor to either of them, as adopted or amended from time to time. 
(c) Cocoa Options shall not be transferred, assigned or otherwise disposed of other than on 
the Exchange, subject to the Rules and to the Rules of the Clearing Organization. 
 
Rule 9.41. Trading Months 
(a) Except as the Board may from time to time prescribe otherwise, Cocoa Options shall be 
traded with respect to Option Months determined in accordance with the following: 
(i) Trading shall be conducted in an Option traded on the March futures which shall expire 
the preceding February, an Option traded on the May futures which shall expire the preceding 
April, an Option traded on the July futures which shall expire the preceding June, an Option 
traded on the September futures which shall expire the preceding August, and an Option 
traded on the December futures which shall expire the preceding November, hereinafter 
referred to as the "Regular Option Months"; and 
(ii) Trading shall also be conducted in an Option traded on the March futures which shall 
expire in December, an Option traded on the March futures which shall expire in January, an 
Option traded on the May futures which shall expire in March, an Option traded on the July 
futures which shall expire in May, an Option traded on the September futures which shall 
expire in July, an Option traded on the December futures which shall expire in September, 


9-30 
and an Option traded on the December futures which shall expire in October, hereinafter 
referred to as the "Serial Option Months". 
(b) If trading has commenced in the Underlying Futures Contract, a new Option shall be 
listed for trading as follows: 
(i) a new Regular Option Month shall be listed for trading on the first (1st) trading day 
following the first (1st) trading day for the Underlying Futures Contract month; and 
(ii) a new Serial Option Month shall be listed for trading on the first (1st) trading day of the 
third (3rd) calendar month preceding the month in which such Serial Option shall expire. 
 
Amended by the Board May 4, 2022; effective May 20, 2022 [¶¶ (a)(iii)]. 
Rule 9.42. Last Trading Day 
(a) The Last Trading Day shall be, for any Regular or Serial Option Month, the first (1st) 
Friday of the calendar month preceding such Regular or Serial Option Month; provided, however, 
that in the event the Exchange is closed on any such Friday then: 
(i) if the determination that the Exchange would be closed was made more than one (1) 
week prior thereto, the term "Last Trading Day" shall mean the trading day preceding such 
Friday; and 
(ii) if such determination was made at any other time, the term "Last Trading Day" shall 
mean the first (1st) trading day after such Friday. 
 
Effective with the July 2025 Cocoa option delivery month and June 25 serial option 
contract month and all delivery months thereafter. 
(a) The Last Trading Day shall be, for any Regular or Serial Option Month, the second (2nd) 
Friday of the calendar month preceding such Regular or Serial Option Month; provided, however, 
that:  
(a) for each expiration there will be a minimum of four (4) trading days between the Last 
Trading Day of the expiring Option and the first (1st) notice day of the expiring future; and  
(b) in the event that  
(i) the Exchange is closed on any such Friday then: 
(1) if the determination that the Exchange would be closed was made more than one (1) 
week prior thereto, the term "Last Trading Day" shall mean the trading day preceding such 
Friday; and 
(2) if such determination was made at any other time, the term "Last Trading Day" shall 
mean the first (1st) trading day after such Friday; and/or 
(ii) there is less than four (4) trading days between any such Friday and the first (1st) notice 
day of the expiring future, the term “Last Trading Day” shall mean the fifth (5th) Business 
Day preceding the first (1st) notice day of the expiring future. 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2023; effective with the July 2025 Cocoa option delivery 
month and June 25 serial option contract month. 
Rule 9.43. Strike Prices 
(a) Trading shall only be conducted in Regular or Serial Cocoa Options having Strike Prices 
determined in accordance with this Rule. 


9-31 
(b) The Strike Prices of Options shall be at levels (the "prescribed levels") set at intervals (the 
"prescribed intervals") of fifty dollars ($50). 
(c) The Exchange may list such Strike Prices as the Exchange may from time to time 
determine.  In addition, at the time Cocoa Options for any Regular Option Month are first (1st) 
listed for trading pursuant to Rule 9.41, they shall be listed with at least thirteen (13) Strike Prices 
each for Puts and Calls at the prescribed fifty dollar ($50) level.  
Amended by the Board on March 26, 2008; effective March 28, 2008 [¶¶ (b), (c)(i) and (ii)]. 
Amended by the Board on March 22, 2023; effective April 20, 2023 [¶(c)]. 
Rule 9.44. Premium Quotations 
Premiums shall be quoted in dollars per metric ton. The minimum fluctuation in Premiums 
shall be one dollar ($1.00) per metric ton, except that Trades may occur at a price of one dollar 
($1.00) per Option Contract if such Trades result in the liquidation of Positions for both parties to 
the Trade. 
Rule 9.45. Obligations of Option Purchasers 
(a) The Purchaser which clears a Cocoa Option shall pay in full the Premium to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with the Rules of the Clearing Organization. 
(b) The Purchaser of a Cocoa Option shall, upon exercising such Option in accordance with 
the Rules, enter into an Underlying Futures Contract to buy (in the case of a Call) or to sell (in the 
case of a Put) Cocoa for delivery in the Regular or Serial Option Month's Underlying Futures 
Contract, at the Strike Price specified in such Option; provided, however, that any such contract 
entered into upon exercise shall be entered into for the account of the Person having purchased 
the Cocoa Option. 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2023; effective June 1, 2023 [¶¶ (a) and (b)]. 
Rule 9.46. Obligations of Option Grantors 
(a) The Grantor which clears a Cocoa Option shall make such Margin deposits as the 
Clearing Organization may require. 
(b) The Grantor of a Cocoa Option shall, upon being assigned an Exercise Notice in 
accordance with the Rules of the Clearing Organization, enter into an Underlying Futures 
Contract to sell (in the case of a Call) or to buy (in the case of a Put) Cocoa for delivery in the 
Regular or Serial Option Month's Underlying Futures Contract, at the Strike Price specified in 
such Option; provided, however, that any such contract entered into upon assignment of an 
Exercise Notice shall be entered into for the account of the Person having granted the Cocoa 
Option. 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2023; effective June 1, 2023 [¶¶ (a) and (b)]. 
Rule 9.47. Effect of Clearance 
Upon acceptance of a Cocoa Option by the Clearing Organization, the Clearing Organization 
shall be substituted as, and assume the position of, the Purchaser to the Clearing Member which is 
the Grantor and the position of the Grantor to the Clearing Member which is the Purchaser; and 
thereupon the Clearing Organization shall have all the rights and obligations with respect to such 
Option as the parties for which it is substituted. 


9-32 
Rule 9.48. Expiration and Exercise of Options 
(a) The Purchaser must receive from its Customer which intends to exercise a Cocoa Option 
on the Last Trading Day, notification of such intention not later than 4:00 PM on such day. In 
order for a Purchaser to exercise a Cocoa Option for its own account on the Last Trading Day it 
must have done so or have made a determination to do so not later than 4:00 PM on such day. 
The Purchaser must make and maintain a record of all notices received and all determinations 
made pursuant to this Rule, and such record must show by time stamp or otherwise the date and 
time of receipt or making. 
(b) The Purchaser of a Cocoa Option may exercise such Option on any Business Day by 
giving an Exercise Notice, in the from prescribed by the Clearing Organization, to the Clearing 
Organization not later than 5:00 P.M. Such Notice shall be effective upon the opening of Cocoa 
futures trading on the Business Day following the day of receipt by the Clearing Organization. An 
Exercise Notice with respect to a Cocoa Option purchased on the day such Notice is given shall 
not be effective unless such Option has been accepted by the Clearing Organization. An Exercise 
Notice which is given with respect to an Option which is not accepted by the Clearing 
Organization shall be deemed withdrawn by the Purchaser. 
(c) If an Exercise Notice is given, the Purchaser shall deposit Original Margin for the 
Underlying Futures Contract with the Clearing Organization at such time as may be required by 
the Clearing Organization. 
(d) Upon exercise of each Cocoa Option, notification thereof shall be given to the Option 
Grantor. 
Rule 9.49. Automatic Exercise Levels for Cocoa Options 
After the close on the Last Trading Day in the Cocoa Options Contract, the Clearing 
Organization will automatically exercise any open long Option that has a Strike Price below (in 
the case of a Call Option) or above (in the case of a Put Option) the Settlement Price of the 
Underlying Futures Contract on that day by an amount which equals or exceeds the minimum 
price increment permitted under the Rules for the Underlying Futures Contract, unless, before 
5:00 p.m. on the Last Trading Day, the Clearing Member carrying such Option gives the Clearing 
Organization written instructions that any such Option is to expire unexercised. 
 
CALENDAR SPREAD OPTIONS ON COCOA FUTURES  
 
 
Rule 9.60. Scope of Chapter 
 
(a) A Transaction involving Options to enter into Cocoa Calendar Spread Futures Contracts 
on the Exchange shall be referred to as either a “Cocoa Spread Option” or “CCSO”. 
(b) A Cocoa Put Spread Option represents an Option to assume a short Position in the first 
(1st) expiring Cocoa Futures Contract in the spread and a long Position in the second (2nd) 
expiring Cocoa Futures Contract in the spread traded on the Exchange. A Cocoa Call Spread 
Option represents an Option to assume a long Position in the first (1st) expiring Cocoa Futures 
Contract in the spread and a short Position in the second (2nd) expiring Cocoa Futures Contract in 
the spread traded on the Exchange. 


9-33 
 
(c) For the purposes of this Chapter, unless otherwise noted herein, the following terms shall 
have the following meanings: 
 
(i) the term “Spread Price” shall mean the mathematical result of subtracting the price of 
the second (2nd) delivery month of the Underlying Futures Contract in the CCSO from the 
price of the first (1st) delivery month of the Underlying Futures Contract in the CCSO; and 
(ii) the term “Settlement Spread Price” shall mean the mathematical result of subtracting 
the Settlement Price of the second (2nd) delivery month of the Underlying Futures Contract in 
the CCSO from the Settlement Price of the first (1st) delivery month of the Underlying 
Futures Contract in the CCSO.    
 
Rule 9.61. Option – Forms 
 
(a) All Cocoa Call Spread Options shall be in the following form: 
 
COCOA CALL SPREAD OPTION 
 
New York, N.Y. __________20__ 
 
_____________ (the Grantor) hereby grants to _______________ (the Purchaser) a spread 
Option to enter into one Cocoa futures spread on ICE Futures U.S. to purchase Cocoa for delivery 
in __________ (the first (1st) delivery month in the Option’s Underlying Futures Contract of the 
spread) and to sell Cocoa for delivery in __________ (the second (2nd) delivery month in the 
Option’s Underlying Futures Contract of the spread) at a Spread Price of _________ dollars per 
metric ton (the Strike Price of the CCSO). 
 
The Purchaser hereby agrees to pay a Premium of $___________ for this CCSO. 
 
This CCSO is, and any Exchange Futures Contracts resulting from its exercise shall be, made 
in view of, and in all respects subject to, the Rules of ICE Futures U.S., of the Clearing 
Organization, and of any successor to either of them, as adopted or amended from time to time. 
 
 (b) All Cocoa Put Spread Options shall be in the following form: 
 
COCOA PUT SPREAD OPTION 
 
New York, N.Y._________20__ 
 
_______________ (the Grantor) hereby grants to _______________ (the Purchaser) a spread 
Option to enter into one Cocoa futures spread on ICE Futures U.S. to sell Cocoa for delivery in 
___________ (the first (1st) delivery month of the Option’s Underlying Futures Contract of the 
spread) and to buy for delivery in __________ (the second (2nd) delivery month of the Option’s 
Underlying Futures Contract of the spread) at a Spread Price of __________ dollars per metric 
ton (the Strike Price of the CCSO). 
 
The Purchaser herby agrees to pay a Premium of $_________ for this CCSO. 
 
This CCSO is, and any Exchange Futures Contracts resulting from its exercise shall be, made 
in view of, and in all respects subject to, the Rules of ICE Futures U.S., of the Clearing 
Organization, and of any successor to them, as adopted or amended from time to time. 
 
(c) Cocoa Spread Options shall not be transferred, assigned or otherwise disposed of other 
than on the Exchange, subject to the Rules of the Exchange and the Clearing Organization. 


9-34 
 
Rule 9.62. Trading Months 
 
(a)  Except as the Board may otherwise prescribe, expiration months of the Underlying 
Futures Contract which are eligible for listing with respect to Cocoa Spread Options shall be: 
March, May, July, September and December.  
(b)  Except as the Board may otherwise prescribe, Cocoa Spread Options shall be listed for 
trading as follows: 
(i) 1 month series: Each of the first four expiration months paired with its next successive 
expiration month; 
 
(ii) 2 month series: Each of the first three expiration months paired with its second 
successive expiration month; 
 
(iii) 3 month series: Each of the first two expiration months paired with its third successive 
expiration month;  
 
(iv) 4 month series: The first expiration month paired with its fourth successive expiration 
month; and 
 
(v) 5 month series: Each of the first five expiration months paired with its fifth successive 
expiration month.  
 
(c)  If trading has commenced in the Underlying Futures Contract, a new CCSO shall be 
listed as follows: 
 
(i) with respect to the one month, two month, three month and four month series, a new 
CCSO shall be listed for trading on the first trading day following the expiration of a CCSO 
contained in the series; and 
(ii) with respect to the five month series, a new CCSO shall be listed for trading on the first 
trading day following the first trading day for the far month related futures contract.  
Rule 9.63. Last Trading Day 
 
The Last Trading Day for any CCSO series pair shall be the day as provided for in Cocoa 
Rule 9.42, as that day would apply to the first expiring delivery month in the pair. 
Rule 9.64. Strike Prices 
 
(a) Trading shall only be conducted in a CCSO having a Strike Price determined in 
accordance with this Rule. 
(b) The Strike Prices of a CCSO that is listed for trading shall be at levels which are at 
intervals of ten dollars per metric ton ($10.00). 
(c) Except as the Board or President may otherwise prescribe, a CCSO shall be listed for 
trading with particular prices for each CCSO as follows:  
(i) At the time any CCSO is first listed for trading pursuant to Rule 9.62, they shall be listed 
with seven (7) ten dollar Strike Prices, as required in paragraph (b), each for Puts and Calls. 
The first (1st) ten dollar ($10) Strike Price shall be set at the prescribed level which is equal to 
the Settlement Spread Price for the underlying futures spread on the previous trading day, or 
if such Settlement Spread Price is not equal to any such prescribed level, then at the next 
prescribed level above such Settlement Spread Price. The other six (6) ten dollar ($10) Strike 


9-35 
Prices shall be at each of the three (3) prescribed levels above and the three (3) prescribed 
levels below the first (1st) Strike Price. 
(ii) Whenever the Strike Prices of a listed CCSO do not include the first (1st) prescribed ten 
dollar ($10) level above the Settlement Spread Price for the underlying futures spread on the 
previous trading day, or either of the three (3) ten dollar ($10) prescribed levels above or 
below such a level, they shall be listed for trading the following day. 
 
(iii) Any listing of Striking Prices prescribed by the Board or President under this Rule 
shall be made effective upon adoption or as otherwise determined by the Board or the 
President.  
 
(d) A CCSO shall be delisted if for ten (10) consecutive trading days no Transaction is 
executed, and there is no open position, in such CCSO; provided however, that no CCSO shall be 
so delisted if it has a Strike Price which is at the first (1st) ten dollar ($10) level above the 
Settlement Spread Price of the underlying futures spread on the previous trading day, or is at 
either of the three (3) prescribed ten dollar ($10) levels above or below such level as set forth in 
subparagraphs (c)(i) and (c)(ii); and provided further that no CCSO shall be delisted if there is a 
CCSO in another class with the same Strike Price that does not otherwise qualify for delisting. 
 
Rule 9.65. Premium Quotations 
 
Premiums shall be quoted in dollars per metric ton. The minimum fluctuation in Premiums 
shall be $1.00 per metric ton, except that Trades may occur at a price of $1.00 per CCSO contract 
if such Trades result in the liquidation of Positions for both parties to the Trade. 
 
Rule 9.66. Obligations of CCSO Purchasers 
 
(a) The Purchaser which clears a CCSO shall pay in full the Premium to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with the Clearing Organization Rules. 
(b) The Purchaser of a CCSO shall, upon exercising such CCSO in accordance with the 
Rules, enter into Underlying Futures Contracts to buy the first (1st) delivery month in the CCSO 
and sell the second (2nd) delivery month in the CCSO (in the case of a Call) or to enter into 
Underlying Futures Contracts to sell the first (1st) delivery month in the CCSO and buy the 
second (2nd) delivery month of the CCSO (in the case of a Put), at a Spread Price equal to the 
Strike Price specified in such CCSO; provided, however, that any such contracts entered into 
upon exercise shall be entered into the account of the Person having purchased the CCSO. 
 
(c) Futures contracts entered into by the Purchaser of a CCSO, as provided for in paragraph 
(c) herein, shall have prices assigned to those futures contracts in the following manner: 
  
(i) The first (1st) delivery month futures contract shall be assigned the price equal to the 
Settlement Price for that month on the day of exercise; and 
 
(ii) The second (2nd) delivery month futures contract shall be assigned the price that is the 
mathematical result of the first (1st) delivery month futures contract Settlement Price, as 
provided for in subparagraph (d)(i) herein, minus the Spread Price specified in such CCSO.  
 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2023; effective June 1, 2023 [¶¶ (a) through (c)]. 


9-36 
 
Rule 9.67. Obligations of CCSO Grantors 
 
(a) The Grantor of a CCSO shall make such Margin deposits as the Clearing Organization 
may require. 
(b) The Grantor of a CCSO shall, upon being assigned an Exercise Notice in accordance with 
the Clearing Organization Rules, enter into Underlying Futures Contracts to sell the first (1st) 
delivery month of the CCSO and buy the second (2nd) delivery month of a CCSO (in the case of a 
Call) or to enter into Underlying Futures Contracts to buy the first (1st) delivery month of the 
CCSO and sell the second (2nd) delivery month in the CCSO (in the case of a Put), at a Spread 
Price equal to the Strike Price specified in such CCSO; provided, however, that any such 
contracts entered into upon assignment of an Exercise Notice shall be entered into for the account 
of the Person having granted the CCSO. 
 
(c) Futures contracts entered into by the Grantor of a CCSO, as provided for in paragraph (c) 
herein, shall have prices assigned to those futures contracts in the following manner: 
 
(i) The first (1st) delivery month futures contract shall be assigned the price equal to the 
Settlement Price for that month on the day of exercise; and 
 
(ii) The second (2nd) delivery month futures contract shall be assigned the price that is the 
mathematical result of the first (1st) delivery month futures contract Settlement Price, as 
provided for in subparagraph (d)(i) herein, minus the Spread Price specified in such CCSO. 
 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2023; effective June 1, 2023 [¶¶ (a) through (c)]. 
 
Rule 9.68. Effect of Clearance 
 
Upon acceptance of a CCSO by the Clearing Organization, the Clearing Organization shall be 
substituted as, and assume the position of the Purchaser to the Clearing Member which is the 
Grantor and the position of the Grantor to the Clearing Member which is the Purchaser; and 
thereupon the Clearing Organization shall have all the rights and obligations with respect to such 
CCSO as the parties for which it is substituted. 
 
Rule 9.69. Expiration and Exercise of CCSOs 
 
(a) The Purchaser must receive from its Customer which intends to exercise a CCSO on the 
Last Trading Day, notification of such intention not later than 3:00 p.m. on such day. In order for 
a Purchaser to exercise a CCSO for its own account on the Last Trading Day it must have done so 
or have made a determination to do so not later than 3:00 p.m. on such day. The Purchaser must 
make and maintain a record of all notices received and all determinations made pursuant to this 
Rule, and such record must show by time stamp or otherwise the date and time of receipt or 
making. 
(b) The Purchaser of a CCSO may exercise such CCSO on any Business Day by giving an 
Exercise Notice, in the form prescribed by the Clearing Organization, to the Clearing 
Organization no later than 5:00 p.m. Such notice shall be effective upon the opening of Cocoa 
futures trading on the Business Day following the day of receipt by the Clearing Organization. An 
Exercise Notice with respect to a CCSO purchased on the day such notice is given shall not be 
effective unless such CCSO has been accepted by the Clearing Organization. An Exercise Notice 
which is given with respect to a CCSO which is not accepted by the Clearing Organization shall 
be deemed withdrawn by the Purchaser. 


9-37 
(c) If an Exercise Notice is given, the Purchaser shall deposit Original Margin for the 
Underlying Futures Contract with the Clearing Organization at such time as may be required by 
the Clearing Organization. 
(d) Upon exercise of each CCSO, notification thereof shall be given to the CCSO Grantor. 
 
Rule 9.70. Automatic Exercise Levels 
 
After the close on the Last Trading Day in the Cocoa Spread Options Contract, the Clearing 
Organization will automatically exercise any open long CCSO that has a Striking Price below (in 
the case of a Call) or above (in the case of a Put) the Settlement Spread Price of the Underlying 
Futures Contracts on that day by an amount which equals or exceeds the minimum price 
increment permitted under the Rules for the Underlying Futures Contract, unless, before 5:00 
p.m. the Last Trading Day, the Clearing Member carrying such CCSO gives the Clearing 
Organization written instructions that any such CCSO is to expire unexercised. 
 
 


9-38 
COCOA RESOLUTIONS 
No. 1. Cocoa Grading Fees 
WHEREAS, Rule 9.18 authorizes the Board to establish fees, payable by the Person, who 
submitted the Sampling Order, to the Exchange, for grading Cocoa in accordance with the Rules; 
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that with respect to each Lot graded by Exchange 
licensed graders, the Person, who submitted the Sampling Order, shall pay the Exchange the 
following fees, which shall be distributed by the Exchange to such graders as indicated below: 
 
Number 
Grading 
Exchange 
Grader 
Fee per 
Of Chops 
Fee 
Portion 
Portion 
Grader 
 
1 to 2 
$117 
$54 
$63 
$21 
3 
$129 
$57 
$72 
$24 
4 
$141 
$60 
$81 
$27 
5 to 6 
$153 
$63 
$90 
$30 
 
and; 
 
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that, the “number of chops” referred to in the above chart is 
for each Lot which for the purposes of this Resolution shall mean the entire quantity of Cocoa 
beans tendered in fulfillment of one (1) Exchange Cocoa Futures Contract; and 
 
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that where a Sampling Order is filed with the Exchange and 
cocoa is received for grading and where the Exchange is then requested to cancel the 
submission for grading, the Exchange shall retain its portion of the Grading Fee and the 
remainder of the Grading Fee(s) shall be returned to the Person submitting the Sampling 
Order. Where the Exchange receives a request to cancel the submission for grading and the 
grading has already occurred, no portion of the Grading Fee(s) shall be returned to the Person 
submitting the Sampling Order. 
 
Amended by the Board December 9, 2010; effective January 1, 2011 through May 31, 2011. 
Amended by the Board December 9, 2010; effective July 25, 2011. 
 
No. 2. Warehouse Procedures and Record Keeping Requirements for the Storage and 
Loadout of Exchange Cocoa 
 
RESOLVED, THAT following are the minimum acceptable standards and procedures to be 
followed by Exchange licensed Cocoa warehouse in connection with the storage of Exchange 
Cocoa. 


9-39 
 
I. Location and Physical Structure of Warehouse 
Any location for the storage of Exchange Cocoa must be maintained on a continuing basis in 
accordance with the following standards and shall be subject to examination by the Exchange: 
1. It must be weather tight and rodent proof as to roof, walls, doors and windows. Any hole or 
opening which allows access to weather, rodents, or birds must be sealed. Floors must be free of 
cracks, seep holes, and crevices. Holes which are screened are considered rodent proof. 
2. It must comply with all applicable laws, customs and other requirements of each 
jurisdiction in which any Licensed Store is located, including any pertinent fire regulations and 
have sufficient floor load limits. 
A. If, at any time, any licensed warehouse operator becomes aware that the laws of the 
jurisdiction, in which a Licensed Store is located, conflict, or are likely to conflict, with the 
requirements of the Rules, the warehouse operator shall immediately notify the Exchange. In 
the event of a conflict, the Exchange shall determine whether, in its reasonable opinion, the 
conflict is reconcilable with the Rules and shall determine whether, in its absolute discretion 
what action, if any, to take. If the Exchange determines in its sole discretion that the conflict 
will not immediately prejudice the warehouse operator from complying with the Rules, the 
Exchange shall, without prejudice to its rights and powers under the Rules, consult with the 
warehouse operator as to what, if any, remedial action to take. 
3. It must have light sufficient to permit cleaning crews to work, and weighing and sampling 
to be performed efficiently and to identify storage deficiencies and problems without the need for 
any supplemental lighting, but it need not have natural light. 
a. Sufficient lighting in an empty warehouse shall be defined as a minimum reading of two 
(2.0) foot-candles on a light meter calibrated at  two hundred (200) foot-candles as recorded 
on the floor at all storage locations in the storage area during scheduled working hours. 
b. Sufficient lighting in a warehouse with cargo in store shall be defined as a minimum 
reading on a light meter calibrated at two hundred (200) foot-candles of: 
(i) 2.0 foot-candles as recorded on the floor in the center of all equipment aisles. 
(ii) .4 foot-candles as recorded on the floor in the center of all sampling and inspection 
aisles. 
The above readings will be basis a light meter approved by the Exchange. 
4. It must have proper ventilation to the outside. Proper ventilation may include screened 
openings positioned to allow ventilation using prevailing winds. Windows, ventilators or other 
ventilating openings shall be screened at all times. 
5. It must not be artificially heated except to a minimum level to prevent freezing of pipes. 
6. It shall have (and the warehouse shall maintain) a sufficient number of material handling 
devices (e.g., fork lift trucks, elevators, etc.) which are operable and available to perform the 
warehouse's duties in an orderly and efficient fashion. 
7. It shall be free of leaking pipes. 
8. It shall be equipped with operational toilet facilities which are clean, in good repair and 
supplied with proper soaps, towels, etc. Alternatively, public toilet facilities must be located 
within 100 yards of the warehouse facility. 


9-40 
9. It shall have signs, clearly visible in all toilets, requiring employees to wash hands after use 
of the toilet facilities. 
10. It shall have signs, clearly visible at all entrances, prohibiting smoking, eating or drinking 
in the warehouse except in designated areas which are closed off and separated from the storage 
areas. 
11. It shall have signs or postings, clearly visible throughout the warehouse, marking storage 
locations within the building. 
12. It shall be physically segregated from any non-licensed storage areas by walls and doors 
sufficient to prevent access by rodents, insects or odors. 
II. Housekeeping Practices 
1. The floor shall be maintained broom clean at all times. Active storage areas shall be swept 
clean at the end of each work day. Inactive storage areas, corners, ledges or other non-storage 
areas must be clean at all times. 
2. It shall inspect the warehouse on at least a weekly basis so that the walls, ceiling, overhead 
pipes, and beams shall be maintained reasonably free of cobwebs, accumulated dirt, dust, excreta, 
or loose foreign matter, peeling paint or damaged insulation. 
3. It shall store and dispose of rubbish in a manner which will minimize the development of 
odor and prevent waste from becoming an attractant, harborage, or breeding place for pests. 
4. It shall repair cracks, seep holes and crevices in floors and walls (such as around door 
frames, expansion joints, pipes and sills). 
5. It shall maintain outside areas free of conditions which may result in a build-up of pest 
problems, including, but not limited to, all outside loading and unloading areas as well as the 
grounds around the warehouse. 
These conditions include, but are not limited to: 
A. Litter and waste which must be deposited in and secured in containers with tightly 
fitting covers. 
B. Uncut vegetation  which must be no higher than four (4) inches within thirty (30) feet of 
the building line. 
C. Improper or inadequate drainage. 
III. Basic Storage Practices 
In order to ensure adequate space for sampling, inspection and effective fire protection, assist 
ventilation, aid in circulation and generally provide ample space for appropriate pest control 
programs: 
1. Cocoa should be stored on pallets which provide a minimum of four (4) inches distance 
from the floor. In no event shall any cocoa bag touch the floor or overhang the edge of a pallet 
more than four (4) inches. 
2. The pallets, including those stored for future use, must be kept clean and in good repair. 
Before each use pallets must be cleaned of all foreign matter, including, but not limited to, dirt, 
dead insects, pupal cases, webbing, etc., before each use. 
3. Cocoa shall be stored a minimum of twenty-four (24) inches from the ceiling and a 
minimum of eighteen (18) inches below any sprinkler head. 
4. Cocoa should be stored a minimum of twenty-four (24) inches from any wall. 


9-41 
5. Twenty (20) inches of space shall be maintained between Cocoa piles. Piles of Cocoa shall 
be stored in such a manner as to permit at least two faces (front or back and one long side) to be 
available for inspection and/or sampling. Cocoa shall not be stored higher than five (5) pallets 
high or one hundred (100) bags high, whichever is less. The equipment aisles should have at least 
thirteen and one-half (13.5) feet of space for equipment to operate without contacting bags of 
Cocoa. 
6. Slack bags must be placed on a separate pallet in front of the pile. This pallet shall be 
stored in front of the Exchange Lot or at the top tier at the front of the lot. 
7. All space requirements shall be measured from the bag or the pallet, which ever is closer, 
to the sprinkler, ceiling, or wall, etc. 
IV. Stored Cocoa 
1. All cocoa bags entering a Licensed Store must be kept clean and free from any and all 
foreign matter which could be detrimental to the delivery of the Cocoa contained therein on the 
Exchange. The owner of the Cocoa shall be responsible for the cleaning of Cocoa bags entering a 
Licensed Store. 
2. The warehouse shall be responsible to the owner for maintaining cocoa bags in a Licensed 
Store in accordance with Exchange standards. The warehouse shall keep stored cocoa bags and 
beans clean, undamaged and free from any and all foreign matter (including but not limited to 
dirt, bird droppings, dead or live insects, pupal cases, webbing) which could be detrimental to the 
delivery of the cocoa. The warehouse shall conduct a weekly inspection of each Lot of Exchange 
Cocoa to determine its condition and conformity with Exchange standards. The warehouse shall 
take all necessary precautions to prevent contamination/infestation of the bags. 
3. Torn bags, bags from which beans are sifting, or bags which are in peril of having cocoa 
beans spilled therefrom must be promptly repaired. The floor of the Licensed Store must be kept 
free of spilled beans. 
4. Except with respect to the prompt repair of torn bags, bags from which beans are sifting or 
bags which are in peril of cocoa beans being spilled therefrom, prior to undertaking any other 
maintenance of cocoa bags in a Licensed Store, including the rebagging of cocoa, the warehouse 
shall notify the owner, in writing, of the maintenance to be performed and provide the owner five 
(5) Business Days from receipt of the notice within which to respond. 
If no response is received by the warehouse within such time, the owner shall be deemed to 
have authorized the maintenance and all costs associated with said maintenance. 
If the response received from the owners is, in the opinion of the warehouse, insufficient to 
bring the cargo into compliance with Exchange standards, the warehouse shall notify the 
Exchange. 
5. It shall be the responsibility of the warehouse to ensure that each chop of Exchange Cocoa 
is properly identified, both in the storage area and in the warehouse's office records. 
6. If excessive spillage results from sampling, the warehouse shall promptly notify the 
sampler and the Exchange. 
7. It shall remove all cocoa from slings upon weighing the cocoa into Exchange Lots. 
V. Pest Control 
1. Warehouses who store Exchange Cocoa shall cause recognized pest control companies to 
conduct periodic inspections of their facilities and implement effective pest control programs so 


9-42 
that there shall be no birds, rodents or other animals (including dogs and cats) in a Licensed 
Store. 
(I) It shall maintain a written pest control program, available for evaluation by Exchange 
personnel, which shall include: 
A. Name of key warehouse contact person 
B. Name of service provider 
C. Services to be performed 
D. Frequency of Service 
E. Conditions noted 
F. Provider comments 
(II) It shall also maintain records which reflect: 
A. Fumigation dates 
B. Fumigant used 
C. Lots/sections fumigated 
D. Owner notification 
2. No ingredient used for pest or rodent control shall be used in such a manner or in such 
places as to contaminate the Cocoa. 
3. The warehouse shall remove from the area in or around the storage facility such known 
bird attractions as grains, foods and similar materials. 
4. It shall render rodent control services at least twice per month. 
5. It shall maintain rodent control equipment along inside perimeter walls spaced twenty-five 
(25) feet, or less, apart. Rodent control equipment shall also be placed on both sides of exterior 
entryways inside of the building at a distance not to exceed five (5) feet from an entryway. 
Rodent control equipment can be glue boards, traps or other mechanical devices. 
6. Rodent control programs shall take into consideration the exterior as well as the interior 
conditions of the warehouse. 
7. Bait is to be used only on the exterior. The bait shall be safe and effective. Only 
anticoagulant poisons of their equivalent in effectiveness and safety shall be used in enclosed bait 
stations, with no bait being used inside the warehouse. 
8. It shall ensure pesticides (insecticides, rodenticide, avicides, etc.) used in the warehouse 
pest control program are registered with the appropriate government agencies and used in the 
appropriate manner in accordance with approved label directions. Rodent tracking dust shall not 
be used in the warehouse. 
A. If required by law, applicators are to be certified. 
B. Application must be performed in such manner as not to damage the Cocoa beans. 
9. One (1) full time warehouse employee shall be assigned as key contact Person on pest 
control issues/procedures. 
VI. Control of Other Products Stored in Cocoa Areas 
No odorous products or things may be stored in such manner or place as to enable the odor to 
be imparted to the cocoa. The odor from any odorous product or thing must not be discernible 
within the cocoa storage area. No cocoa should be stored in any area where such foreign odors 
prevail. 


9-43 
The warehouse shall store cocoa separate from other cargo which may adversely affect the 
cocoa such as chemicals, high fire risk materials and odorous products. 
VII. Record Retention 
The following records relating to Exchange Cocoa shall be kept and maintained by the 
warehouse for at least the indicated periods of time after the Cocoa has been removed from the 
warehouse: 
Category of Document 
Time Period 
Sampling Orders 
2 years 
Receiving Reports 
2 years 
Stock Record Cards 
2 years 
Negotiable Warehouse Receipts 
2 years 
Documents reflecting any movement of Exchange cocoa into or from a licensed store 
2 years 
Weight Note 
2 years 
VIII. Requirements 
All records must be kept neat, tidy, orderly and current so that independent auditors can 
verify warehouse records against physical stocks. 
1. Before cocoa may be placed in a Licensed Store, the warehouse must be in possession of a 
copy of the delivery order (or equivalent document or information) and the following identifying 
information for such cocoa, which shall be reflected in the warehouse's records relating to such 
cocoa: 
a. Growth 
b. Number of bags 
c. Shipper's brand (if on the bags) 
d. Crop year (if on the bags) 
e. Marks and chop numbers (or letters) in their entirety 
f. Carrier (i.e., vessel, railroad or truck transport); location (pier, etc.); and date of arrival of 
vessel (where appropriate) 
2. When cocoa is physically placed in the store, the warehouse shall record the identifying 
information for the cocoa on the warehouse receiving report (or equivalent record). The 
warehouse shall also record there all exceptions—i.e., the number of stained, torn, mended, slack, 
short or improperly marked bags. A written record of any exception noted by the warehouse shall 
be made, and the warehouse shall send a written report describing such exception immediately to 
the storer of the cocoa. If no exception is noted, a written report to that effect shall be sent to the 
storer as soon as practicable. If improperly marked bags arrive at the warehouse, the storer shall 
be notified of such fact immediately by telephone before the delivering carrier leaves the 
warehouse. 
3. The warehouse shall compare the identifying information for the cocoa set forth on the 
delivery order with the information on the cocoa bags. If there is a material difference between 
the information supplied on the delivery order (or equivalent record) and the information on the 
bags, the warehouse shall note such difference on the warehouse's receiving form (or equivalent 
record) and shall notify the storer of the cocoa immediately of the discrepancy. No EWR shall be 
issued by the warehouse with respect to such cocoa until the discrepancy with respect to the 
identification of the cocoa has been resolved. 


9-44 
4. The warehouse shall record the identifying information for the cocoa, as set forth on the 
cocoa bags, on warehouse tags, which shall be affixed at all times to at least two sides of each 
pile of cocoa bags. 
5. The warehouse shall maintain stock record cards (or equivalent records) for each chop of 
Exchange cocoa on which shall be recorded all pertinent details necessary to fulfillment of an 
efficient warehouse's responsibilities, including all movements of the cocoa, changes in its 
ownership and when the cocoa has been weighed. 
6. The warehouse shall issue an EWR which shall identify the number of bags comprising the 
chop, all markings contained on the bags (in their entirety), the specific location where the cocoa 
is stored and the name of the carrier (i.e., vessel, railroad or truck transport) on which the cocoa 
arrived. 
7. When cocoa is sampled for the purpose of grading by Exchange licensed graders, a copy of 
the Sampling Order and the Sampling Confirmation shall be left with the warehouse and shall be 
maintained by the warehouse as part of the permanent files for the cocoa covered by the sampling 
order. 
a. When a sample is drawn, the warehouse shall sign three printed copies of the Sampling 
Order in the space provided. 
b. By signing the Sampling Order, the warehouse shall be deemed to certify that on the date 
he signed the Sampling Order the sampler appeared at the Licensed Store indicated on the 
Sampling Order and left the premises with samples in his possession. 
8. Once an Exchange Lot number has been assigned to cocoa, both the Exchange Lot number 
and the EWR number shall become part of the permanent record of that cocoa and shall be noted 
on the warehouse record cards and warehouse tags, etc. Under no circumstances shall the 
warehouse issue a new Exchange Lot number to any cocoa that has previously been assigned an 
Exchange Lot number and has failed grading for Exchange Delivery.   
9. Any physical deliveries of bags of cocoa from the warehouse should be reflected on the 
Record Cards by deducting the number of bags delivered from the total number of bags in 
storage. 
10. When bags of cocoa are to be weighed into Exchange lots, orders should be received from 
the owner of the cocoa with complete identification and instructions as to: 
a. Exchange Lot number 
b. Warehouse receipt (if previously issued) or other appropriate chop identification 
c. The approximate number of bags in each chop, together with identifying marks and 
chops (The exact number of bags will be given to the warehouse by the weigher.) 
d. Carrier (i.e., vessel, railroad or truck transport; location (pier, store, etc.); and arrival date 
of vessel (where appropriate)) 
e. Cargo number 
f. Weighing instructions and name of the weighmaster 
11. The warehouse shall receive from the weighmaster a complete report of the weight of 
bags that are torn, mended and slack; the weight of the sound bags; the Exchange Lot number for 
the bags; the location of the bags; any exceptions, including improperly marked bags; and 
whether any bags were lost in leveling off. 
12. The warehouse shall separate Exchange Cocoa from cocoa which has not been 
certificated so that at any time the total number of bags of Exchange cocoa can be determined. 


9-45 
13. It is a violation of Exchange Rules for a warehouse to provide any weighmaster or 
weigher with any information pertaining to any previous weighing of cocoa without the prior 
permission of the Exchange. 
14. The warehouse shall promptly issue negotiable warehouse receipts for any cocoa stored 
by it upon the demand of the owner of the cocoa. Any such warehouse receipt shall provide for a 
limit of liability of at least two hundred fifty (250) times the monthly storage rate of the goods. 
15. The warehouse shall only accept an electronic delivery order for any Lot for which an 
EWR has been issued. 
 
IX. Storage and Handling Rates 
1. At the time it applies for a license from the Exchange and at the time it applies for renewal 
of such license, the warehouse operator shall submit to the Exchange its charges for the storage 
and handling of Exchange Cocoa (the “Rates”).  Such Rates shall be reasonable and competitive 
with the Rates charged by other Exchange licensed coffee warehouse operators within the same 
Exchange delivery port. 
2. The Rates may only be increased once per year with the renewal of the warehouse 
operator’s license.  The Exchange must receive written notice of any proposed increase in the 
Rate at least ninety (90) days prior to the renewal date of the warehouse operator’s license. 
3. The Exchange will review any proposed increase to determine if it is reasonable and 
competitive with the Rates charged by other Exchange licensed cocoa warehouse operators within 
the same Exchange delivery port.  If the Exchange determines that the proposed increase in the 
Rates is reasonable and competitive, then the increase shall become effective on the renewal date 
of the warehouse operator’s license. If the Exchange determines that the increase in the Rates is 
not reasonable and competitive, then the increase shall not become effective with respect to 
Exchange Cocoa stored in the warehouse operator’s Licensed Store(s). 
X. Violations 
Violations of the standards and procedures set forth in this Resolution shall not be grounds for 
a Receiver to reject a delivery or to hold a Deliverer in default, provided, however, that nothing in 
this section shall alter or abridge the rights of a Receiver under any other provision of the Rules to 
reject a delivery or to hold a Deliverer in default. 
 
XI. Minimum Loadout Rate 
 
Following the receipt of a valid electronic delivery order for any lot for which an EWR has been 
issued, accompanied by instructions for prompt shipment, a Warehouse Operator shall promptly 
commence load out of cocoa in accordance with the following minimum load out rates:  
 
1.  Warehouse Operators holding up to 30,000 MT of Exchange certified cocoa in a delivery 
point shall load out a minimum of 250 MT of Exchange certified cocoa per working day 
in respect of each applicable delivery; and  
2.  Warehouse Operators holding more than 30,000 MT of Exchange certified cocoa in a 
delivery point shall load out a minimum of 500 MT of Exchange certified cocoa per 
working day in respect of each applicable delivery  
 
For purposes of determining compliance with the minimum load out rates, the actual loading out 
rate shall be calculated as an average over the period during which the cocoa covered by a 
delivery order is loaded out.   
 


9-46 
Load out for each valid electronic delivery order must be completed in full within sixty (60) 
calendar days from the date (the “Commencement Date”) on which the owner has fulfilled all its 
obligations in furtherance of the delivery order, or such other date as the owner and Warehouse 
Operator shall mutually agree. If after the expiry of sixty (60) calendar days from the 
Commencement Date the load out on a delivery order has not been completed in full, the 
Warehouse Operator may not collect any further storage charges on the balance of the cocoa that 
is the subject of the delivery order. 
 
Exchange certified cocoa which is moved between two Licensed Stores of the same Warehouse 
Operator will not be counted towards the daily minimum load out requirements, and will not be 
subject to the minimum load out rate or the maximum number of days to complete loadout of a 
delivery order. 
 
A Warehouse Operator that receives multiple Delivery Orders for loadout in the same period shall 
load out cocoa pursuant to all such delivery orders in a consistent and equitable manner. 
 
In the event that, on any day, load out is hindered by a strike, lockout, or other cause beyond the 
control of the Warehouse Operator, such day shall not be counted in determining compliance of 
the Warehouse Operator with the minimum load out rate or with calculating timely completion of 
load out under these Rules.  
 
XII. Warehouse Terms and Conditions; Permitted Lien on Exchange Certified Cocoa 
 
An Exchange licensed cocoa warehouse operator shall provide for entry of the warehouse 
operator’s standard terms and conditions for EWRs (the “Warehouse Terms and Conditions” 
into the eCOPS system). In the event of any inconsistency between the Warehouse Terms and 
Conditions and any of the following, the conflicting Warehouse Terms and Conditions shall be of 
no effect: the IFUS Rules, the eCOPS Rules, the requirements of law for a negotiable EWR, any 
agreement executed between the Warehouse and eCOPS, LLC and/or any agreement executed 
between the Warehouse and IFUS. 
 
An Exchange licensed cocoa warehouse operator may assert a warehouseman’s lien against cocoa 
certified for delivery and/or against any proceeds thereof in its possession, but only for charges 
related to the storage or transportation of such Exchange certified cocoa and for expenses 
necessary for the preservation of such Exchange certified cocoa or reasonably incurred in its sale 
pursuant to law. 
 
An Exchange licensed cocoa warehouse operator may not assert a warehouseman’s lien or other 
lien or security interest against cocoa certified for delivery and/or against any proceeds thereof in 
its possession for charges or expenses relating to other goods, including but not limited to other 
certified and/or non-certified cocoa stored by the warehouse operator for the same bailor, or for 
other obligations of such bailor. 
 
Amended by the Board April 11, 2007; effective April 16, 2007 [¶ VIII.15]. 
Amended by the Board April 15, 2009; effective April 24, 2009 [¶¶ (I), (IX)(X)}. 
Amended by the Board December 15, 2011; effective January 9, 2012 [¶¶ (IX)(2) and (3)]. 
Adopted by the Board December 5, 2014; effective May 1, 2015 [(¶¶(XI)]. 
Amended by the Board December 4, 2015; effective December 30, 2015 [¶ (VIII)]. 
Amended by the Board April 22, 2019; effective May 31, 2019 [¶¶ (IX)(3)]. 
Adopted by the Board December 15, 2021; effective February 22, 2022 [¶¶ (XII)}. 
 


9-47 
No. 3. Rebagging of Cocoa—Interpretation 
WHEREAS, Rule 9.24 permits rebagging of Cocoa to protect the contents of an original bag 
of Cocoa (stored in a warehouse licensed by the Exchange) which original bag has become soiled, 
torn, or otherwise damaged; and 
WHEREAS, Rule 9.07 requires that "Sound Cocoa must be delivered", and 
WHEREAS, questions have arisen as to whether rebagging permits/includes "reconditioning" 
so as to yield Sound Cocoa: 
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Board hereby interprets rebagging to refer 
to the transfer of the entire, sound contents of a damaged bag into new, clean, whole bags, which 
transfer was effected by a licensed weighmaster and a checking weighmaster. Rebagging is 
neither applicable nor available to bags where any portion of the contents has been damaged, wet 
or in any other circumstances has become not sound. Proper rebagging is tantamount to original 
bagging. 
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that "reconditioning", a process wherein damaged cocoa 
beans are purged and the remaining are repackaged, is absolutely prohibited. Reconditioned 
cocoa beans are considered not sound for purposes of delivery against any Exchange contract. 
This prohibition is universal and pertains whether the cocoa was "reconditioned" on the dock or 
in a licensed warehouse or in any other location. 
No. 4 Cocoa Sampling Fee 
WHEREAS, Rule 9.14(a)(ii) provides that no external condition may appear on the cocoa 
bags in order for the cocoa to be sampled which results in the sampler not being paid; 
NOW, THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED that when a sampler finds that an external condition 
appears on the cocoa bag and does not take the sample in accordance with Rule 9.14(a)(ii), the 
sampler be paid twenty-five percent (25%) of the normal sampling fee. 


10-1 
 
ICE Futures U.S.®, Inc. 
 
COTTON NO. 2® RULES 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Rule 
 
Subject 
10.00 
Scope of Chapter; Calculation of Times 
10.01 
Conflict with the US Cotton Futures Act Subsection (f) 
10.02 
Definitions 
10.03 
Official Standards and Undeliverable Cotton 
10.04 
Contract for Future Delivery 
10.05 
Contracts Binding Until Settled 
10.06 
Unit of Trading 
10.07 
Months Traded 
10.08 
Quotation Basis 
10.09 
Price Limits 
10.10 
Reserved 
10.11 
Good Delivery 
10.12 
Designated Delivery Points 
10.13 
Removal of Inspected Cotton 
10.14 
Delivery Notices  
10.15 
Notice Price 
10.16 
Receiver’s Notification and Demand Letter to Issuer 
10.17 
Reporting Receipts and Deliveries of Cotton 
10.17A 
Inspection Duties 
10.17B 
Weighing 
10.18 
Weight 
10.19 
Bands and Bagging 
10.20 
Compression 
10.21 
Labor, Storage and Other Charges 
10.22 
Invoicing and Grade, Strength and Staple Differences 
10.23 
Location of the Cotton on Invoice 
10.24 
Time of Delivery of Invoice and Documents 
10.25 
Delivery and Payment  
10.26 
Delayed Certification 
10.27 
Review 
10.27A 
Inspection and Sampling 
10.27B 
Request for Inspection/Certification 
10.28 
Reserved 
10.29 
Reserved 
10.30 
Handling of Certificated Cotton 
10.31 
Cotton Subject to Quarantine 
10.31A 
Damage Notification 
10.32 
Question of Delivery 
_____ 
Cotton No. 2 is a Registered Trademark and Marque Deposees of ICE Futures U.S., Inc., registered in the 
United States, Canada and Japan. 


10-2 
10.33 
Penalty on Certificates After Third Month 
10.34 
Penalty on Age of Cotton 
10.35 
Payment of All Non-Disputed Claims 
10.36 
Payment of Invoicing Errors 
10.37 
Levels of Authority for Adjudication of Claims 
10.38 
Time Period for Payment of Disputed Claims 
10.39 
Penalties for Frivolous Claims 
10.40  
Defaults in Delivery and Delivery of Nonconforming Cotton 
10.41 
Reserved 
10.42 
Force Majeure 
COTTON NO. 2 OPTIONS 
10.50 
Unit of Trading 
10.51 
Trading Months  
10.52 
Premium Quotations 
10.53 
Price Fluctuation Limitations   
10.54 
Last Trading Day 
10.55 
Obligations of Option Purchasers 
10.56 
Obligations of Option Grantors 
10.57 
Effect of Clearance 
10.58 
Expiration of Cotton Options 
10.59 
Strike Prices 
10.60 
Notice of Exercise 
10.61 
Cotton Options Contract Form 
OPTIONS ON COTTON NO. 2 FUTURES SPREADS 
10.70 
Definitions 
10.71 
Trading Months  
10.72 
Premium Quotations 
10.73 
Last Trading Day 
10.74 
Obligations of CTSO Purchasers 
10.75 
Obligations of CTSO Grantors 
10.76 
Effect of Clearance 
10.77 
Expiration of CTSOs 
10.78 
Strike Prices 
10.79 
Notice of Exercise 
10.80 
Cotton Options Contract Form 
 
COTTON RESOLUTION 
 
No. 1 
Warehouse Requirements for the Storage of Exchange Cotton 
No. 2   
Use of Smith Doxey Classing Data to Register Bales As  
Tenderable 
 
 


10-3 
ICE FUTURES U.S.®, INC. 
 
COTTON NO. 2® RULES 
 
FUTURES 
Rule 10.00. Scope of Chapter; Calculation of Times  
(a) The Rules in this Chapter govern Transactions in Cotton No. 2 Futures Contracts, Options 
on Cotton No. 2 Futures Contracts and Options on Cotton No. 2 Futures Spreads Contracts.  All 
Transactions in Cotton No. 2 Futures and Options Contracts thereon shall be subject to the Rules, 
including the terms and conditions set forth in this Chapter. 
(b) In computing any period of time prescribed or allowed in this Chapter or in any 
procedural resolution adopted by the Board hereunder, (i) all times shall refer to New York Time, 
and (ii) the day of the act or omission from which the designated period of time begins to run 
shall not be included. The last day of the period so computed shall be included, unless it is not a 
Business Day, in which event the period runs until the close of business on the next Business 
Day. 
Rule 10.01. Conflict With The U.S. Cotton Futures Act Subsection (f) 
It is the intent of the Rules that every Cotton No.2 Futures Contract made pursuant to the 
Rules shall be deemed to contain therein each and every provision and condition mentioned and 
described in the United States Cotton Futures Act, subsection (f) and each and every such 
provision or condition, whether expressly and in terms by the Rules incorporated in each such 
contract or not, is hereby made a part of each such contract as fully and effectually as if therein 
set out at length; and any provision of the Rules which may in any way conflict with any 
provision or condition mentioned or described in the United States Cotton Futures Act, subsection 
(f), is hereby and to the extent of such conflict, repealed and declared to be of no effect. 
Rule 10.02. Definitions 
(a) In this Chapter and in all procedures and resolutions adopted by the Board hereunder, the 
following terms shall have the meanings indicated, unless the context otherwise requires: 
    (i) Claim 
 
The term “Claim” shall mean the assertion of a default in delivery or the delivery of 
nonconforming cotton.  
 (ii) Date of Delivery 
The term “Date of Delivery” shall mean the date five (5) Business Days following the date 
of issue of the Delivery Notice, except as the Rules may otherwise provide. 
(iii) Delivery Notice 
The term “Delivery Notice” shall mean the notice of intention to deliver one (1) or more 
Lots of cotton in the form prescribed by the Exchange, issued by a Clearing Member to the 
Clearing Organization. 
(iv) EWR 
The term “EWR” shall mean the electronic warehouse receipt record created by a 
warehouse operator with respect to cotton stored in one (1) of its warehouses, which record is 


10-4 
reflected in the data base maintained by a Cotton EWR Provider designated as such by the 
USDA. 
(v) First Delivery Day 
The term “First Delivery Day” shall mean the first (1st) Business Day of the expiring 
month. 
(vi) First Notice Day 
The term “First Notice Day” shall mean the fifth (5th) Business Day prior to the First 
Delivery Day. 
(vii) Last Delivery Day 
The term “Last Delivery Day” shall mean the seventh (7th) last Business Day of the 
expiring month. 
(viii) Last Notice Day 
The term “Last Notice Day” shall mean five (5) Business Days prior to the Last Delivery 
Day. 
(ix) Last Trading Day 
The term “Last Trading Day” shall mean the tenth (10th) Business Day prior to the Last 
Delivery Day. 
(x) Local Delivery 
The term “Local Delivery” shall mean a delivery made directly between the Deliverer and 
Receiver, rather than through the Clearing Organization, on such terms as may be mutually 
agreed to between the parties. All of the Rules shall continue to be applicable to a contract for 
cotton which is the subject of a Local Delivery, except to the extent that such Rules are 
altered by mutual agreement of the parties with respect to Local Delivery. 
(xi) Notice Day 
The term “Notice Day” shall mean the Business Day the Delivery Notice is issued to the 
Receiver. 
Amended by the Board March 24, 2016; effective April 13, 2016 [¶ (a)(i)]. 
Amended by the Board December 2, 2016; effective January 12, 2017 [¶¶ (i) through (xi)]. 
Rule 10.03. Official Standards and Undeliverable Cotton 
(a) The Official Cotton Standards of the United States existing on the Date of Delivery shall 
be used as the standards for the grade, staple, quality or value of all cotton delivered on a contract 
for future delivery. 
(b) Only such grades and staples of cotton as are permitted under the United States Cotton 
Futures Act and the regulations of the United States Secretary of Agriculture shall be delivered 
on, under or in settlement of any contract for future delivery. 
(c) All cotton tenderable under Cotton No. 2 Futures Contracts must have been micronaire 
tested under Department of Agriculture Regulations. Cotton with a micronaire reading of less 
than 3.5 or more than 4.9 shall not be deliverable on contract. 
(d) Deliveries shall be for only Eastern/Memphis/Orleans/Texas (EMOT) Upland growth 
cotton or Far Western Upland growth cotton.  Far Western Upland growth shall be defined as 
cotton ginned in Arizona, California, Nevada, New Mexico (except Lea County), and the El Paso 


10-5 
and Pecos Valleys of Texas. All Upland cotton produced in the states or areas not designated as 
Far Western shall be described as Eastern/Memphis/Orleans/Texas (EMOT) growth. 
(e) Bales weighing less than four hundred (400) pounds net or more than six hundred fifty 
(650) pounds net, and bales that have been on fire, shall not be delivered on any contract for 
future delivery. A deliverable bale range shall be between ninety-two (92) to one hundred eight 
(108) bales. 
(f) Cotton which has been classed of a color and a leaf grade deliverable on contract but 
which has been further classed with “remarks” shall not be tenderable. 
(g) Cotton that has been reginned or on fire shall not knowingly be offered for inspection or 
delivery on futures contracts. 
(h) All cotton tenderable under a Cotton No. 2 Futures Contract must have been tested for 
Grams Per Tex under Department of Agriculture Regulations. Cotton with a Gram Per Tex of less 
than twenty-five (25.0) shall not be deliverable on contract. 
(i) The cotton tendered against an Exchange Futures Contract shall be stored in one (1) 
warehouse which shall be understood to mean a single warehouse or building or a number of 
buildings grouped with the approval of the Exchange, comprising one (1) warehouse system 
under one (1) name, managed and operated by one (1) Firm, corporation or warehouse operator. 
Warehouses so grouped shall be required to equalize the cost of transportation to and from each 
such warehouse with the respective costs of transportation to and from the main plant.  
Amended by the Board November 12, 2008; effective January 12, 2009 [¶¶(d) and (h)]. 
Amended by the Board April 15, 2009; effective April 24, 2009 [¶ (i)]. 
Rule 10.04. Contract for Future Delivery 
(a) No Transaction in Cotton No.2 Futures or Options Contracts thereon shall be recognized, 
acknowledged or enforced by the Exchange, or any committee or officer thereof, unless both 
parties thereto shall be Members. All Transactions in Cotton No.2 Futures and Options Contracts 
thereon shall be submitted for clearance to the Clearing Organization, which, upon acceptance 
thereof shall become by substitution a party thereto in place of the Clearing Members and 
thereupon the Clearing Organization shall become subject to the obligations thereof and entitled 
to all of the rights thereunder, assuming to the Clearing Member buyer the position of the seller 
and to the Clearing Member seller the position of the buyer; provided, however, that the Clearing 
Organization shall have no liability to any Person on any such contract after a Delivery Notice 
thereunder has been issued and stopped. 
(b) All contracts for the future delivery of Cotton No. 2 shall be in the following form: 
ICE FUTURES U.S.®, INC. 
Cotton No. 2® Contract 
NEW YORK_______________________ 20____ 
A. B. of the County and State of _________ have this day Sold/Bought and agreed to Deliver 
to/Receive from C. D. of the same place fifty thousand (50,000) pounds in about one hundred 
(100) square bales of cotton, growth of the United States, at the price of ____________________ 
cents per pound for Strict Low Middling one and one-sixteenth inches with additions or 
deductions for other grades in accordance with the provisions of the United States Cotton Futures 
Act, subsection (f)(3) and with additions for staple premiums or deductions for staple and for 
strength and micronaire discounts, deliverable from licensed warehouse at a permissible point of 
delivery as provided in the By-Laws and Rules, between the First and Last Delivery Day of 


10-6 
___________________ inclusive, the delivery within such time to be at seller's option in one (1) 
warehouse, upon notice to buyer, as provided by the By-Laws and Rules of ICE Futures U.S. Inc. 
(the “Exchange”).  The cotton dealt with herein or delivered hereunder shall be of, or within, the 
grades for which standards are established by the Secretary of Agriculture, except cotton 
prohibited from being delivered on a contract by the United States Cotton Futures Act, subsection 
(f)(1)(E), and shall be of no other grade or grades, and shall be subject to Exchange inspection. 
This contract is made in view of, and in all respects subject to, the regulations made pursuant 
to the United States Cotton Futures Act and Rules applicable to the Cotton No. 2 Futures Contract 
which are not in conflict with said Act or said regulations. 
Subject to the United States Cotton Futures Act, subsection (f). 
(c) Delivery of cotton on contract may be made at delivery points designated by the Board.  
(d) Grades and staples deliverable on contract shall be such as are listed in a Delivery Notice, 
as prescribed by the Exchange. In the event of a revision of the official cotton standards of the 
United States by the Secretary of Agriculture whereby a standard for any grade listed in the 
Delivery Notice is withdrawn, such grade shall become undeliverable on contract as of the 
effective date of such withdrawal. In the event of a revision of the official cotton standards of the 
United States by the Secretary of Agriculture whereby a standard is promulgated for a grade 
which is within the range of deliverable grades listed in said Delivery Notice, the Delivery Notice 
may be amended to provide for the delivery of such grade effective on or after the date fixed by 
the Secretary of Agriculture as the effective date of such standard. 
Amended by the Board June 23, 2016; effective August 1, 2016 [¶ (b). 
Rule 10.05 Contracts Binding Until Settled 
All contracts for the future delivery of cotton shall be binding upon Clearing Members, and 
of full force and effect, until the quantity and qualities of cotton specified in such contracts shall 
have been delivered, and the price specified in said contracts shall have been paid. No contract 
shall be entered into with any stipulation or understanding between the parties, at the time of 
making such contract, that the terms of such contracts as specified in Rule 10.04 are not to be 
fulfilled, or that the cotton is not to be delivered and received in accordance with said Rule. 
Rule 10.06. Unit of Trading 
The unit of trading shall be based on a Net Weight, as defined in rule 10.18, of fifty thousand 
(50,000) pounds, a variation therefrom of one percent (1%) more or less being permitted.  
Amended by the Board December 2, 2016; effective January 12, 2017. 
Rule 10.07. Months Traded 
(a) Unless the Board otherwise directs, trading shall be limited to cotton deliverable in the 
months of March, May, July, October and December.  Cotton No. 2 Futures Contracts shall not 
be recognized by the Exchange extending beyond a period of thirty-six (36) months, including the 
current month.  Trading in a new delivery month shall, unless the Board otherwise determines, be 
initiated at the opening of trading on the first (1st) Business Day of the thirty-fifth (35th) month 
preceding any delivery month. 
Amended by the Board August 10, 2007; effective November 16, 2007. 
 
 


10-7 
Rule 10.08. Quotation Basis 
(a) Cotton No. 2 Futures Contract bids and offers shall be quoted in cents and hundredths of a 
cent per pound. The minimum price fluctuation is one hundredth of a cent per pound, which is 
equivalent to five dollars ($5.00) per futures contract.  
(b) No Transactions for future delivery shall be permitted wherein the price shall contain a 
smaller fraction than one-hundredth of one cent per pound for each pound of cotton represented 
by the Cotton No. 2 Futures Contract. 
Amended by the Board February 13, 2008; effective March 3, 2008. 
Rule 10.09. Price Limits 
(a) Futures 
(i) There shall be no price limits in the current futures month on or after First Notice Day.  
(ii) For the purposes of this Rule, a crop year shall mean the period beginning with the 
October futures delivery month of any calendar year and ending with the July futures delivery 
month of the following calendar year. 
(iii) For the purposes of this Rule, the Front Month is the first listed futures delivery month 
that has not reached its First Notice Day, provided, however, that the October delivery month 
cannot be the Front Month.  Also for purposes of this Rule, the Limit Reference Month that is 
to be used to determine the Initial Limit Amount on any day shall be the higher-priced futures 
delivery month that is either: (a) the Front Month, if such futures delivery month has the 
highest open interest, or (b) the Front Month and the futures delivery month with the highest 
open interest. 
(iv) Subject to subparagraph (a)(v) of this Rule concerning the expansion of the price limit, 
there shall be no trading in a futures delivery month at a price more than the Initial Limit 
Amount above or below the previous day’s Settlement Price.  The Initial Limit Amount in 
effect for all such futures delivery months on any Business Day shall be determined based 
upon the prior day’s Settlement Price of the Limit Reference Month futures delivery month as 
follows: 
Limit Reference Month Settlement Price Level: 
Initial Limit Amount: 
Up to 80.00 cents per pound  
 
 
3.00 cents per pound (300 points) 
80.01 up to 110.00 cents per pound  
 
4.00 cents per pound (400 points) 
110.01 up to 140.00 cents per pound  
 
5.00 cents per pound (500 points) 
140.01 up to 170.00 cents per pound  
 
6.00 cents per pound (600 points) 
170.01 cents per pound and above 
 
 
7.00 cents per pound (700 points) 
(v) Notwithstanding the above, the daily price limit shall be subject to expansion by an 
additional 1.00 cent per pound (100 points) above the Initial Limit Amount on the Business 
Day following any day on which two (2) or more of the first five (5) futures delivery months 
that are subject to daily price limits or the remaining futures delivery months in a crop year 
close at limit bid or limit offer based upon the Initial Limit Amount then in effect.  This 
expansion shall not apply when the Initial Limit Amount is 7.00 cents per pound; this means 
that the maximum daily price limit will be 7.00 cents per pound. 
Amended by the Board June 11, 2008; effective July 11, 2008. 
Amended by the Board January 31, 2011; effective February 7, 2011 [¶¶ (a)(iii) through (v)]. 


10-8 
Rule 10.10. Reserved 
Rule 10.11. Good Delivery 
A tender shall be considered a good delivery when all requirements of the Rules pertaining thereto 
shall have been performed by both parties and can be re-delivered or a settlement made in lieu of 
performance thereof. 
Amended by the Board November 12, 2008; effective January 12, 2009. 
Rule 10.12. Designated Delivery Points 
(a) The following are designated as points for delivery of cotton on the Cotton No. 2 Futures 
Contract as indicated: 
(i) Galveston, Texas—The Galveston Delivery Point includes all areas within a fifteen (15) 
mile radius from the Galveston city limits. 
(ii) Greenville, S.C.—Greenville S.C. delivery point includes Spartanburg S.C. and all 
areas within a fifteen (15) mile distance from the Greenville/Spartanburg city limits. 
(iii) Houston, Texas—The Houston Delivery Point includes all areas within a fifteen (15) 
mile radius from the Houston city limits. 
(iv) Memphis, Tenn.—The Memphis Delivery Point includes all areas within a fifteen (15) 
mile radius from the Memphis city limits. 
(v) Dallas/Ft. Worth, Texas – the Dallas/Ft. Worth Delivery Point includes all areas within 
a fifteen (15) mile radius from the Dallas or Ft. Worth city limits. 
(b) In accordance with the provisions of Rule 10.04(c), the foregoing designated delivery 
points may be added to or subtracted from at the discretion of the Board of Governors. The 
“points of delivery” shall be defined as the city in which the cotton is stored. 
Amended by the Board November 12, 2008; effective January 12, 2009 [¶ (a)(v)]. 
Amended by the Board August 2, 2010; effective with the listing of the December 2013 delivery 
month [¶ (a)(v)]. 
Rule 10.13. Removal of Inspected Cotton 
All orders for the removal of cotton from the certificated stock, for any purpose, must be 
submitted to the Exchange, preferably on forms prescribed therefor, before any action thereon may be 
taken by the warehouse. 
Rule 10.14. Delivery Notices 
(a)(i) On or before the time specified by the Clearing Organization on the Business Day prior 
to the Notice Day, a Clearing Member with an open short Position wishing to make delivery of 
cotton under a Cotton No. 2 Futures Contract shall present to the Clearing Organization a 
Delivery Notice. 
(ii) With respect to Delivery Notices issued on the Last Notice Day, if the Government 
certificates have not been issued, the issuer may state his own classification on the Notice; 
provided he complies with the regulations of the Secretary of Agriculture issued under the 
United States Cotton Futures Act in regard thereto. Where the issuer uses his own 
classification as permitted above, he shall add a notation on the Notice stating “Delayed 
Certification”. 


10-9 
(b) All Delivery Notices shall be issued and tendered no earlier than the First Notice Day and 
no later than the Last Notice Day. In determining Delivery Notice dates and the Dates of Delivery 
the following limitations shall be observed: 
(i) No Delivery Notices shall be issued and no deliveries shall be made on any day that is 
not a Business Day.   
(ii) Every Delivery Notice shall be tendered in accordance with the Rules and the Clearing 
Organization Rules. 
(c) It shall be the duty of the Clearing Member holding short open Positions to tender the 
required Delivery Notice(s) and make arrangements for the fulfillment of all contracts in the 
current month which have not been liquidated upon the expiration of trading in the current month. 
(d) When Delivery Notices are received from the Clearing Organization, they may be stopped 
only for an account previously long.  
(e) Each Clearing Member that accepts a Delivery Notice shall continue his or its liability for 
the fulfillment of the contract under the Rules until the contract has been fulfilled, at which time 
the liability of intermediate parties shall cease. 
Amended by the January 24, 2007; February 5, 2007 [¶ (a)(i)]. 
Amended by the Board March 24, 2016; effective April 13, 2016 [¶(b)(i) and (b)(ii)]. 
Rule 10.15. Notice Price 
The notice price shall be the Settlement Price of the delivery month for the Cotton No. 2 
Futures Contract as published by the Exchange on the Business Day previous to the Notice Day.  
Rule 10.16. Receiver’s Notification and Demand Letter to Issuer 
On or before 4:00 pm on the Notice Day, the Clearing Member receiving a Delivery Notice 
must furnish the notices specified below: 
(a) to the Clearing Organization, in a form prescribed by the Clearing Organization, notice of 
the Clearing Member’s intentions with respect to the handling of the EWRs that will be delivered 
pursuant to the Delivery Notice. Such notification shall specify whether the Clearing Member (1) 
will accept delivery of the EWRs from the Clearing Organization, (2) will be redelivering cotton 
during the delivery period and desires the Clearing Organization to hold the EWRs for that 
purpose or (3) will accept the EWRs directly from the Deliverer in a Local Delivery; and 
(b) to the Clearing Member that issued the Delivery Notice, a Demand Letter including the 
Deliverer’s contract number, the Date of Delivery, the point of delivery, the number of bales in 
each contract, the notice price, and where the documents are to be delivered. 
The written notifications specified in this Rule shall be made by hand delivery, or facsimile 
transmission or E-mail. Failure on the part of the Clearing Member receiving a Delivery Notice to 
have a Demand Letter timely filed with the Clearing Member that issued the Delivery Notice, as 
above required, shall subject such Clearing Member to a penalty of ten dollars ($10.00) per 
contract to be paid to the Deliverer of the cotton, the contract nevertheless to remain in full force. 
Amended by the Board December 2, 2016; effective January 12, 2017 [¶(b)]. 
 


10-10 
Rule 10.17. Reporting Receipts and Deliveries of Cotton 
A Clearing Member receiving cotton for account of Customers and delivering cotton at the same 
time for account of other Customers shall file a demand on itself in the manner and form prescribed by 
Rule 10.16, in order that a proper record may be kept. 
Rule 10.17A. Inspection Duties  
The Exchange or its designated agent at a point of delivery shall have entire charge and 
supervision over the inspection, weighing and sampling of cotton submitted for certification and 
over certificated cotton in store. 
Adopted by the Board April 15, 2009; effective April 24, 2009. 
Rule 10.17B. Weighing   
(a) All cotton submitted for inspection shall be tagged with a triplicate numbered tag and 
weighed by a duly licensed state or federal weigher or their designee. 
(b) Loose cotton taken from the bales in process of inspection shall not be weighed with the 
bale; such loose cotton, as well as the trimmings accumulated in the preparation of the samples, 
shall be the property of the owner ordering the inspection. Upon completion of the sampling and 
weighing, the weight of such loose cotton shall be ascertained by the weigher, and be noted by 
him in his report. 
(c) The licensed warehouse operator shall input onto the electronic warehouse receipt 
(“EWR”), the official weight ascertained by the weigher, i.e., the gross weight (scale weight), 
actual tare weight (weight of bagging and ties, and patches, if any), and the Net Weight. (See 
Rules 10.18 and 10.19). 
(d) Whenever cotton is reweighed, the new weight and the date of the weighing shall be 
entered onto the EWR. 
Adopted by the Board April 15, 2009; effective April 24, 2009. 
Rule 10.18. Weight 
(a) The official delivery weight of a bale shall be the Net Weight input onto the EWR. The 
bale shall be sampled before weighing and the official delivery weight shall exclude the weight of 
the sample. The weight of a contract shall be fifty thousand (50,000) pounds net, a variation 
therefrom of one percent (1%) more or less being permitted. 
(b) The Deliverer shall make a weight allowance, at the average invoice price, of one half 
pound per bale per month beyond the month of weighing. (The first (1st) month to be counted, in 
computing this allowance, shall be the next month following the month in which the cotton was 
weighed.) 
Amended by the Board December 2, 2016; effective January 12, 2017 
Rule 10.19. Bands and Bagging 
(a) Six (6) or eight (8) bands and/or ties depending on the configuration and being of such 
material as approved for such use by The Joint Cotton Industry Bale Packaging Committee 
(“JCIBPC”) and bagging material as approved for use by the JCIBPC shall be considered sufficient 
for each bale of cotton that is compressed to Gin Universal Density. Any excess bands and/or ties and 
any excess bagging shall, at the option of the Receiver, be removed from the bale or be deducted from 


10-11 
the gross weight. If a bale has less than the prescribed number of bands and/or ties, such bands and/or 
ties are to be put on by the warehouse at the expense of the seller. 
 (b) The actual tare weight (weight of bagging and ties, and patches, if any) shall be deducted 
from the gross weight (scale weight) of the bale. 
(c) In the event of a disagreement as to the quantity of bagging on any bale of cotton submitted for 
inspection, the Exchange or its designated agent may require such bale to be stripped. 
(d) Notwithstanding the above, bales that are packaged in materials (including bagging material 
and the number and material of bands and/or ties) that are being evaluated by the JCIBPC as part of an 
approved test program for the applicable crop year are permitted for delivery subject to the following 
conditions: 
(1) the JCIBPC approval of the experimental test program  for the applicable crop year must 
include an explicit determination by the JCIBPC that bales in that experimental test program for 
such crop year should be allowed for delivery on the contract, provided that  such a determination 
(hereafter, the “JCIBPC  Determination”) may only be made after JCIBPC has considered the 
results of at least one full crop year test period for that experimental test program; 
(2) a JCIBPC Determination for a crop year  shall not grant deliverable status to bales 
packaged as part of that approved experimental test program for any earlier crop year; and 
(3) in the event that, following  a JCBIPC Determination under paragraph (1) above,  JCIBPC  
subsequently  (1) does not fully approve the experimental test program materials for the next crop 
year,  and  (2) does not issue a new JCIBPC Determination in the course of extending the 
experimental test program for the next crop year, then each bale that has already gained and 
retains deliverable status pursuant to the JCIBPC Determination with respect to the experimental 
test program materials shall retain its deliverable status, but no additional bales covered by the  
JCIBPC Determination for that experimental test program  for  an earlier crop year shall be 
accepted as deliverable or regain deliverable status.  
 
Amended by the Board May 16, 2016; effective June 1, 2016 [¶¶ (a) and (d)]. 
Rule 10.20. Compression 
Gin universal density bales shall be the only bales permitted for delivery. 
Rule 10.21. Labor, Storage and Other Charges 
(a)(i) Labor into storage, weighing, sampling compression and load out F.O.B. to cars and/or 
trucks shall be paid by the Deliverer prior to delivery. 
(ii) Storage by bale per month incurred up to and including delivery day shall be paid or 
proper allowance thereof made in the Deliverer’s invoice. 
(b) When cotton is stored on a daily basis, the Deliverer shall allow the Receiver any accrued 
storage charges at the per diem rate. When cotton is stored on a monthly basis, the monthly 
charge shall be calculated at the per diem rate and the Deliverer shall allow the Receiver any 
accrued storage charges at such per diem rate. 
(c) Storage charges at all delivery points shall be paid annually, or twice a year if requested 
by the warehouse. 
(d) The payment of storage and the extending of the warehouse receipt as provided for in 
Rule 7.48 shall be input onto on each EWR by the warehouseman or his duly appointed agent. 
 


10-12 
Rule 10.22. Invoicing and Grade, Strength and Staple Differences 
(a) In the case of cotton being tendered against the Cotton No. 2 Futures Contract, the net 
grade and staple differences (i.e., premiums and discounts) for a lot shall be invoiced by 
calculating in bale units the average value on or off color grade of strict low middling white (41), 
leaf grade 4, staple length 1-1/16 inch (34), micronaire 3.5 to 4.7, Grams Per Tex of twenty-six 
(26.0) or higher and adding or deducting such average premium or discount to or from the notice 
price and figuring the weight of the total quantity being invoiced (calculated as the sum of the Net 
Weights of the bales in the lot less the sum of the weight allowance applicable to the bales as 
provided in Rule 10.18) by the price ascertained in the manner outlined. 
 (b) Premiums and discounts will be the USDA premiums and discounts adjusted in 
accordance with paragraphs (d) and (e) below for the specified Notice Day. 
(c) Color Grade, leaf grade,  staple and micronaire differences for deliveries on the Cotton 
No. 2 Futures Contract shall be based on commercial differences determined in accordance with 
the United States Cotton Futures Act and the regulations thereunder, as from time to time 
amended, as provided in paragraphs (d) and (e) of this Rule. 
 (d)(i) The notice price shall be the invoice price for all cotton with a color grade of Strict 
Low Middling White (41), leaf grade 4, staple length of 1-1/16 inch (34), Micronaire 3.5 to 4.7, 
and Grams Per Tex of twenty-five (25.0) or higher. Additions and deductions for other 
deliverable grades shall be made at the average of the differences quoted on the sixth (6th) 
Business Day prior to the Date of Delivery for corresponding grades in the spot markets 
designated by the Secretary of Agriculture for the purpose of quoting grade differences in 
accordance with the United States Cotton Futures Act and the regulations issued thereunder. 
(ii) If delivery is made pursuant to delayed certification class, all premiums, discounts and 
weight allowances shall be based on the last regular delivery day not the date of physical 
delivery of the documents. 
(e)(i) An addition shall also be made for each bale having a staple of one and three thirty-
seconds of an inch, which shall be equal to the full average premium for like staple over one and 
one-sixteenth of an inch staple quoted on the sixth (6th) Business Day prior to the Date of 
Delivery, (except in delayed certification) in such of the spot markets above referred to as do 
quote staple differences. An addition shall be made for each bale having a staple of one and four 
thirty-seconds, which shall be equal to the full average premium for like staple over one and one-
sixteenth of an inch staple quoted on the sixth (6th) Business Day prior to the Date of Delivery, 
(except in delayed certification) in such of the spot markets above referred to as do quote staple 
differences.  An addition shall also be made for each bale having a staple of one and five thirty-
seconds of an inch or longer, which shall be equal to the full average premium for like staple over 
one and one-sixteenth of an inch staple quoted on the sixth (6th) Business Day prior to the Date of 
Delivery, (except in delayed certification) in such of the spot markets above referred to as do 
quote staple differences.  A deduction shall also be made for each bale having a staple of one and 
one thirty-second of an inch, which shall be equal to two hundred percent (200%) of the full 
average discount for like staple under one and one-sixteenth of an inch quoted as aforesaid.  
 (ii) A deduction shall also be made for each bale having a micronaire reading of 4.8 to 4.9, 
which shall be equal to the average of the differences quoted on the sixth (6th) Business Day 
prior to the Date of Delivery for this micronaire range in the spot markets designated by the 
Secretary of Agriculture referred to in subparagraph (d)(i) above. If no such differences are 
available, the deduction under this provision shall be zero (0). 
(iii) A deduction shall also be made for each bale having a strength reading from 25.0 to 
25.9 grams per tex (inclusive), which shall be equal to the average of the differences quoted 


10-13 
on the sixth (6th) Business Day prior to the Date of Delivery for this strength range in the spot 
markets designated by the Secretary of Agriculture referred to in subparagraph (d)(i) above. 
If no such differences are available, the deduction under this provision shall be zero (0). 
(f) The penalties as provided in Rule 10.33 will be arrived at by applying to these weight 
penalties, respectively, the grade and staple differences applicable on the day of tender. 
Amended by the Board November 12, 2008; effective January 12, 2009 [¶¶ (a) and (d)(i)]. 
Amended by the Board March 1, 2012; effective April 2, 2012 [¶ (e) with the December 2014 
contract]. 
Amended by the Board June 23, 2016; effective August 1, 2016 [¶¶ (a) and (e)(iii)]. 
Amended by the Board December 2, 2016; effective January 12, 2017 [¶¶ (a) and (c)]. 
Amended by the Board July 28, 2017; effective September 15, 2017 [¶¶ (e)(i)]. 
Rule 10.23. Location of the Cotton on Invoice 
The name of the warehouse facility and the number of bales in the warehouse shall be shown 
on the invoice. 
Rule 10.24. Time of Delivery of Invoice and Documents 
(a) On or before 12:00 pm on the Business Day prior to the Date of Delivery, the Deliverer 
shall: 
(i) transfer ownership of the EWRs to the Clearing Organization; and 
(ii) provide the Clearing Organization with a summary of the invoice charges for each 
Receiver in a format acceptable to the Clearing Organization.  
(b) On the Business Day prior to the Date of Delivery before 2:00 pm or 2:30 pm if it is the 
Last Delivery Day, the Deliverer shall provide each Receiver with two (2) copies of the invoice 
and two (2) copies of the tag list, which must show the name of the warehouse, location, contract 
number, bale numbers, deliverable weights, as well as micronaire reading, strength in grams per 
tex, color and leaf grades and staples of cotton tendered, and for any bales registered as 
deliverable under the Smith Doxey provisions of Resolution No. 2 the staple length in dig terms; 
for purposes of this Rule it is permissible to list the cotton tendered in groups according to grades 
and staples, in which case the grade and staple need only be listed once as a heading for each 
group.  If this information is provided via email only one copy shall be provided. 
(c) Delivery of the invoice and documents set forth in this Rule shall be made in accordance 
with the Demand Letter described in Rule 10.16(b). 
(d)(i) The delivery of invoice and/or documents required by paragraphs (a) through (c) of this 
Rule, AFTER the times specified in paragraphs (a) through (c) but BEFORE 4:30 P.M. shall 
constitute LATE delivery and be subject to penalty of one hundred dollars ($100) per contract to 
be paid to the Clearing Organization, the contract nevertheless to remain in full force. In the event 
that permission is granted for late delivery of documents, said permission shall be in writing and 
agreed to by both Clearing Members. 
 (ii) Failure to deliver documents required by paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Rule without 
written permission by 4:30 P.M. shall constitute a default. The basis of settlement of such 
default is provided for in Rule 10.40. 
(e) Delivery of the documents required by paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Rule, and payment in 
accordance with Rule 10.25 of the invoice charges, shall be considered a liquidation of the futures 
contract against which such documents and payment are tendered and made, respectively. 


10-14 
Amended by the Board November 12, 2008; effective January 12, 2009 [¶ (b)]. 
Amended by the Board December 2, 2016; effective January 12, 2017 [¶¶ (a)(ii), (b) and (d)(i)]. 
Rule 10.25. Delivery and Payment  
(a) Except in the case of a delivery made by Delayed Certification, delivery of Cotton No. 2 
may be made on the First and Last Delivery Day and any Business Day in between the First and 
Last Delivery Day. Except in the case of a Local Delivery, all such deliveries shall be made by 
the transfer of EWRs through Clearing Members that have executed provider agreements with a 
Cotton EWR provider. 
(b) Except in the case of a Local Delivery or a delivery made by Delayed Certification, on the 
Date of Delivery at 9:00 am, the Clearing Organization shall debit the account designated by the 
Receiver for delivery purposes and credit the account designated by the Deliverer for such 
purposes for the full amount of the invoice charges detailed in the invoice summary provided to 
the Clearing Organization pursuant to subparagraph (a)(ii) of Rule 10.24. In accordance with the 
Receiver’s notification provided to the Clearing Organization as required by Rule 10.16, the 
Clearing Organization will either (i) transfer ownership of the EWRs to the Receiver, or (ii) hold 
the EWRs so that the Receiver may redeliver the EWRs during the delivery period. 
Rule 10.26. Delayed Certification  
(a) When the Deliverer delivers by “delayed certification”, on the Date of Delivery set forth in 
the Delivery Notice (the “stated delivery date”) as provided in Rule 10.14(b), the procedure for 
delivery set forth in Rule 10.14 shall be revised as follows and delivery shall take place on a later 
date (the “delayed delivery date”) as follows: 
 (i) Prior to the stated delivery date, the Deliverer shall deliver to the Exchange a 
confirmation, in a form prescribed by the Exchange, for the cotton to be delivered, stating lot 
numbers representing cotton weighed and sampled in an approved warehouse. A copy of the 
confirmations shall also be provided to the Receiver in accordance with subparagraph (a)(iii) 
of this Rule. The confirmations obtained by the Deliverer from the warehouse are not 
transferable and may only be used by the Deliverer making delivery under this Rule. 
(ii) On the stated delivery date, the Deliverer shall deliver to the Receiver only the 
aforesaid confirmations. The Receiver shall make no payment for the cotton at that time. 
(iii) Certification of color grade, leaf grade, staple, micronaire and strength reading shall be 
issued to the Deliverer by the USDA promptly after classification at which time the USDA 
shall make available to the warehouse the USDA’s classification. 
 (iv) When samples are pending USDA classing pursuant to this Rule, the warehouse is 
required to contact the USDA daily to determine the status of any samples pending USDA 
classing pursuant to this Rule, to promptly input EWRs from the information received from 
the USDA, and to promptly notify the Deliverer in writing or via email that EWRs containing 
the USDA classing information are available. 
(v) Under this Rule, the Deliverer shall have seven (7) Business Days to complete delivery 
in accordance with the following chart; failure to complete delivery by the seventh Business 
Day constitutes a default under the Rules.  For each Delayed Certification lot, the first day in 
this period shall be the Business Day after the latest classing date of the bales to be delivered 
against that lot; in the event that a Deliverer has issued more than one Delayed Certification 
lot, Deliverer shall make a good faith effort to complete each Delayed Certification lot at the 
earliest date possible.   Deliverer shall make a good faith effort to comply with each deadline 
in the schedule below, but in the event that Deliverer completes delivery by the seventh 


10-15 
Business Day, failure to meet any of the other deadlines in the following chart shall not in 
and of itself constitute a Default under the Rules: 
 
Days 
 
1-2 
Notification by warehouses that EWRs are available. 
3-4 
Deliverer must notify Receiver by express communication, (i.e., fax, email, 
etc.) that Deliverer intends to deliver cotton within three (3) Business Days 
under delayed certification.   
5-6-7 
Deliverer must notify Receiver and the Clearing Organization by express 
communication twenty-four (24) hours prior to actual delivery of the dollar 
amount of cotton involved in this delivery. 
 
Delivery of cotton must take place. 
(vi) On or before 12:00 pm on the Business Day prior to the delayed delivery date, the 
Deliverer shall: 
(1) transfer ownership of the EWRs to the Clearing Organization; and 
(2) provide the Clearing Organization with a written summary of the invoice charges for 
each Receiver. 
(vii) On or before the delayed delivery date, the Deliverer shall provide each Receiver with 
two (2) copies of the invoice, two (2) copies of the tag list, and certificates of color grade, leaf 
grade, staple, micronaire and strength determination issued by the USDA.  
(b) All of the foregoing shall be in compliance with the Regulation for Cotton Classification 
of the United States Department of Agriculture, and the samples of the cotton for which the 
Deliverer is seeking delivery pursuant to this Rule must be delivered to the USDA in readiness 
for classification no later than 8:00 pm Memphis local time on the second business day preceding 
the last delivery day. 
 (c) On the delayed delivery date, at 9:00 am, the Clearing Organization shall debit the 
account designated by the Receiver for delivery purposes and credit the account designated by the 
Deliverer for such purposes for the full amount of the invoice charges detailed in the invoice 
summary provided to the Clearing Organization pursuant to subparagraph (a)(vi) of this Rule, and 
transfer ownership of the EWRs to the Receiver. 
Amended by the Board November 12, 2008; effective January 12, 2009 [¶¶ (a), (a)(iii) and 
(a)(vii)]. 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2017; effective August 9, 2016 [¶¶ (a), (a)(iii) through (a)(v), 
(a)(vii)  and (b)]. 
Rule 10.27. Review 
All cotton tenderable under Cotton No. 2 Futures Contract must have been reviewed pursuant 
to the Regulations of the Secretary of Agriculture under the United States Cotton Futures Act. 
Rule 10.27A. Inspection and Sampling  
(a) The inspection and sampling of cotton offered for inspection shall be subject to and done 
in accordance with the Rules and the regulations promulgated by the Secretary of Agriculture in 
force at the time of such inspection and sampling.  The original samples of all bales submitted for 
certification become the property of the United States Department of Agriculture. 


10-16 
(b) Inspected cotton shall be stored only in warehouses licensed by the exchange and may be 
transferred from one (1) warehouse to another. Such transfer shall be made only with the approval 
of the Exchange and under its supervision. Cotton so transferred shall be reweighed and the 
reweight and the date thereof input onto the new EWR. 
Adopted by the Board April 15, 2009; effective April 24, 2009. 
Amended by the Board April 23, 2010; effective May 7, 2010 [¶ (a)]. 
Rule 10.27B. Request for Inspection/Certification  
(a) Request for the inspection of cotton shall be given to the Exchange in a form prescribed 
by the Exchange stating the approximate number of bales, mark, point of shipment, owner of the 
cotton and the place where such inspection is desired, which place shall be a licensed warehouse. 
(b) The cotton shall be carefully examined and, if found to be sound and merchantable, shall 
be eligible for certification. Bales covered with sisal bagging shall be considered unmerchantable. 
Where, in the opinion of the Exchange or its designated agent, cotton contains moisture to an 
extent making it possible that damage might result from its being stored, the Exchange or its 
designated agent may defer the completion of the inspection of such cotton until it is in proper 
condition. 
(c) The sampling and weighing shall be done by the Licensed Store. 
(d) There shall be no interference by word or deed, directly or indirectly, with the inspection 
of cotton. In case of such interference, the inspection of the cotton shall be stopped at once, and 
the Person requesting the inspection shall pay the necessary expenses incurred. 
Adopted by the Board April 15, 209; effective April 24, 2009. 
Rule 10.28. Reserved 
Rule 10.29 Reserved 
Rule 10.30. Handling of Certificated Cotton 
If any certificated cotton is handled without the supervision of the Exchange, it shall lose its 
status as certificated cotton. No certificated cotton shall be reweighed or resampled without 
inputting the results on the EWR. If cotton is reweighed, the new weight and date thereof shall be 
input onto the EWR. If cotton is resampled, one (1) pound shall be deducted from the weight of 
the bale and input onto the EWR accordingly. 
Rule 10.31. Cotton Subject to Quarantine 
Cotton that has been subjected to a quarantine by the United States or by any State thereof 
shall not be submitted for inspection for delivery on a futures contract unless it shall have been 
properly fumigated in accordance with the United States or State regulations or has been given 
gin universal density. 
Rule 10.31A. Damage Notification  
(a) In the event of damage occurring in a licensed warehouse, the Exchange's designated 
agent shall forward to the Exchange’s Commodity Operations Department (“Commodity 
Operations”), for immediate posting on the web site of the Exchange, a list of the tag numbers of 
all certificated bales in the compartment or compartments wherein the damage occurs. Such bales 
shall not be deliverable on contract until they have been examined and declared tenderable by the 
Exchange or its designated agent. The result of such examination shall be posted on the web site 
of the Exchange. 


10-17 
(b) Bales found to be free of damage shall be declared tenderable. Bales found to have been 
on fire shall be declared untenderable. Bales subjected to any other kind of damage shall be 
declared tenderable only after they have been put in merchantable condition, reweighed, and 
accepted by the Exchange or its designated agent. 
(c) The owner or owners at the time the damage occurs shall bear all expenses incurred. 
(d) The decision of the Exchange in all cases that may arise in respect to handling and 
determining the condition of the cotton under this Rule shall be final. 
Adopted by the Board April 15, 2009; effective April 24, 2009. 
Rule 10.32. Question of Delivery 
Any question affecting the handling or delivery of cotton on a futures contract, which is not 
specifically covered by these Rules, may be referred to the Cotton Committee. 
Amended by the Board April 15, 2009; effective April 24, 2009. 
Amended by the Board December 2, 2016; effective February 22, 2017. 
Rule 10.33. Penalty on Certificates After Third Month 
(a) Cotton remaining under certification for: 
(i) a period exceeding three (3) months shall carry a penalty of three (3) pounds per bale per 
month, 
(ii) a period exceeding ten (10) months shall carry a penalty of four (4) pounds per bale per 
month, 
(iii) a period exceeding sixteen (16) months shall carry a penalty of five (5) pounds per bale 
per month, and 
(iv) a period exceeding twenty-two (22) months shall carry a penalty of six (6) pounds per 
bale per month. 
(b) The first (1st) month to be counted, in computing this allowance, shall be the fourth (4th), 
eleventh (11th), seventeenth (17th), and twenty-third (23rd) months, respectively, following the 
month in which the cotton was certificated. 
Rule 10.34. Penalty on Age of Cotton 
(a) For purposes of this Rule, a marketing season is deemed to begin on August 1 of one (1) 
year and to end on July 31 of the subsequent year. The Year of Growth corresponding to a 
marketing season is referred to by the earlier of the two (2) years. 
(b) Cotton that is delivered up to and including December 31 of the calendar year following 
the cotton's Year of Growth shall carry no penalty under this Rule. 
(c) Cotton that is delivered during the calendar year which is two (2) years later than its Year 
of Growth shall carry a penalty of two (2) cents per pound. 
(d) Cotton that is delivered during a calendar year which is more than two (2) years later than 
its Year of Growth shall carry an additional penalty of two (2) cents per pound for every such 
calendar year after the second (2nd) year following the cotton's Year of Growth. 
(e) Notwithstanding paragraphs (a) through (d) of this Rule, Cotton delivered by “delayed 
certification” in accordance with Rule 10.26 shall be subject to the Year of Growth penalty for 
the calendar year of the delivery month for which the “delayed certification” is being made. 


10-18 
(f) The following procedures shall apply when imposing a Year of Growth penalty as stated 
in this Rule: 
(i) for all bales the final determinant of the Year of Growth shall be the year of growth as 
reflected in the information contained in the United States Department of Agriculture-
Agricultural Marketing Service (USDA-AMS) data base;  
(ii) any claim for damages because of an error with respect to the Year of Growth contained 
on the EWR shall be limited to the difference between the amount of the penalty under this 
Rule and the penalty that should have been applied under this Rule, and such claims must be 
made within fifteen Business Days of the delivery day; and 
(iii) in calculating the dollar amount of the penalty on a bale, the calculation shall utilize the 
Net Weight of the bale before any weight deductions as per Rules 10.18 and 10.33. 
Amended by the Board December 2, 2016; effective January 12, 2016 [¶¶ (f)(i) through (f)(iii). 
Rule 10.35. Payment of All Non-Disputed Claims 
(a) All non-disputed Claims penalty or invoice must be paid within ten (10) Business Days 
upon receipt of written notification. If the nondisputed Claim remains unpaid, for each Business 
Day following such ten (10) Business Day period, the payor will be assessed a late payment fine 
of fifty dollars ($50) per Business Day per contract until such Claim is paid; provided, however, 
the fine for each individual unpaid contract within such Claim shall not exceed five hundred 
dollars ($500) per contract. Any non-disputed Claim which is not paid within twenty (20) 
Business Days upon receipt of written notification shall be referred to the Compliance Staff for 
disciplinary investigation and proceeding. 
(b) Late payment fines are assessed by, and payable to, ICE Futures U.S., Inc. 
Rule 10.36. Payment of Invoicing Errors 
Invoicing errors must be paid within five (5) Business Days upon receipt of written 
notification of such invoicing error, and any claims of an invoicing error must be made within 
fifteen (15) business days of the delivery date. After five (5) Business Days, interest at prime plus 
three percent (3%) shall be assessed on the amount owed, such interest to be paid to the party to 
whom the invoicing error amount is owed. All disputes regarding invoicing errors will be ruled 
on by the Commodity Operations Department and said decision shall be deemed final. 
Amended by the Board April 15, 2009; effective April 24, 2009. 
Amended by the Board December 2, 2016; effective January 12, 2017. 
Rule 10.37. Levels of Authority for Adjudication of Claims 
(a) The following levels per contract will be established for ruling on all disputed Claims: 
(i) Level One: Claims up to one thousand nine hundred fifty dollars ($1,950.00) per 
contract will be determined by Commodity Operations and approved by the President, and 
upon approval, the determination shall be final and may not be appealed to any committee or 
the Board. 
(ii) Level Two: Claims in excess of one thousand nine hundred fifty dollars ($1,950.00) per 
contract will be ruled on by a Panel of the Cotton Committee, and may not be appealed to any 
committee or the Board. 
 


10-19 
(b) Notwithstanding the above, any Claim by any one (1) Customer during a delivery period 
in excess of one hundred thousand dollars ($100,000) may be appealed to a Panel of the Cotton 
Committee.   
 
(c) All Claims under Rule 10.40 must be filed with the Exchange in writing within five (5) 
Business Days of the Claimant having actual notice of the event giving rise to the Claim, and any 
appeal pursuant to this paragraph must be made in writing to the Exchange within five (5) 
Business Days of the date on which the Exchange serves the parties to an adjudicated claim with 
the decision as per paragraph (a) above.  
 
Amended by the Board November 12, 2008; effective January 12, 2009 [¶¶ (a) through (b)]. 
Amended by the Board April 15, 2009; effective April 24, 2009 [¶¶ (a)(i) through (a)(iii)]. 
Amended by the Board February 27, 2014; effective March 24, 2014 [¶¶  (a)(iii) and (b)]. 
Amended by the Board December 2, 2016; effective February 22, 2017 [¶¶ (a)(i) through (c)]. 
Rule 10.38. Time Period for Payment of Disputed Claims 
(a) Five (5) Business Days after receipt of written notification of final disputed Claim 
determination, interest at prime plus three percent (3%) shall be assessed. Payment shall be made 
within twenty (20) Business Days. On the twentieth (20th) Business Day, payment must be wired 
by 3:00 p.m. (New York Time) or an Official Teller’s check or similar instrument issued by a 
bank or such other financial institution acceptable to the Exchange must be delivered by hand by 
4:30 p.m. to the Claimant. If payment is not made in twenty (20) Business Days, the Claim 
payment due becomes doubled. Interest at prime plus six percent (6%) shall apply to the original 
Claim. The Claimant will receive the original Claim money plus interest. The Exchange will 
receive the penalty money from the doubled Claim. If payment is not received as outlined above, 
the matter shall be referred to the Compliance Staff for disciplinary proceedings. 
(b) Final disputed Claim determination shall mean a decision by Commodity Operations and 
approved by the President, in the case of Level One, or a Panel of the Cotton Committee if Level 
Two. 
Amended by the Board November 12, 2008; effective January 12, 2009 [¶¶ (a) and (b)]. 
Amended by the Board April 15, 2009; effective April 24, 2009 [¶¶ (b)]. 
Amended by the Board December 2, 2016; effective February 22, 2017 [¶ (b)]. 
Rule 10.39. Penalties for Frivolous Claims 
Any Claims submitted to the Exchange which are determined by the Cotton Committee or a 
panel of the Committee to be frivolous in nature shall subject the Claimant to a penalty payable to 
the Exchange of two thousand dollars ($2,000.00) per contract. 
Amended by the Board November 12, 2008; effective January 12, 2009. 
Amended by the Board December 2, 2016; effective February 22, 2017. 
Rule 10.40. Defaults in Delivery and Delivery of Noncomforming Cotton 
 
(a) For the purposes of this Rule, the term “Default” shall mean any non-performance as 
specified in this Chapter and Chapter 7 of the Rules with respect to the terms of payment and 


10-20 
delivery including the delivery of cotton which cannot be retendered. Defaults include, but are not 
limited to, the following: 
 
(i) the failure to issue a Delivery Notice by Last Notice Day and/or a failure to make 
delivery against a Delivery Notice as required in the Rules, in fulfillment of any sales 
contracts outstanding in its name after trading in the current month has ceased; 
 
(ii) the failure to tender to the Clearing Organization, before 4:30 P.M. as in the case of 
Late Delivery authorized under Rule 10.24(d)(i) or 12:00 P.M. in all other cases on the 
Business Day prior to the Date of Delivery, EWRs with the appropriate classing 
memorandum representing the minimum Net Weight of forty-nine thousand five hundred 
(49,500) pounds of cotton; 
 
(iii) the failure to pay in full the amount of the invoice in accordance with Rule 10.25; 
 
(iv) delivery of cotton which: 
 
(A) includes bales with a color grade, leaf grade, staple length, micronaire, or strength not 
permitted under the United States Cotton Futures Act; 
 
(B) includes bales with a further classification of “remarks”;  
 
(C) contains bales that have been reginned or subjected to fire; 
 
(D) contains bales with a net weight of less than four hundred (400) pounds or more than 
six hundred fifty (650) pounds; 
 
(E) is a growth other than Far Western upland growth or Eastern/Memphis/Orleans/Texas 
(EMOT) upland growth; 
 
(v) the tendering of a Delivery Notice which commingles Far Western upland growth with 
Eastern/Memphis/Orleans/Texas (EMOT) upland growth; and/or 
 
(vi) the tendering of a Delivery Notice or an invoice for less than ninety-two (92) bales or 
more than one hundred eight (108) bale; and/or 
 
(vii) the tendering of a Delivery Notice pursuant to the Delayed Certification provisions of 
Rule 10.26 for which the contract is short in weight from the 49,500 pounds minimum Net 
Weight by reason of untenderable cotton, in which case Deliverer shall be in default to the 
extent of such weight deficiency. 
 
(b) Default Penalty  
 
(1) If any of the conditions described in paragraph (a)(i). (ii), (iv), (v) and/or (vi) of this Rule 
occur and apply to a Delivery Notice or invoice that has been tendered for delivery against the 
Cotton No. 2 Futures Contract, the Receiver shall have the following options: 
 
(i) accept the contract with a mutually agreed settlement without applying penalties;  
 
(ii) accept the contract with a penalty calculated as the greater of four cents (4¢) per pound 
or four percent (4%) of the Notice Price applied on the unadjusted net invoice weight; 


10-21 
 
(iii) decline to accept the contract, and invoice the contract back to the Deliverer in 
accordance with paragraph (e) of this Rule with a penalty calculated as the greater of four 
cents (4¢) per pound or four percent (4%) of the Notice Price added to the invoice; or  
 
(iv) decline to accept the contract, and claim the actual amount of any additional losses that 
the Receiver sustained as a result of the Deliverer’s Default and is able to document; the 
amount of the award shall be determined by a panel of the Cotton Committee and, if the panel 
of the Cotton Committee determines that an actual loss was sustained, the Receiver shall be 
entitled to reimbursement for the actual losses incurred and a penalty calculated as the greater 
of four cents (4¢) per pound or four percent (4%) of the Notice Price.  
 
(2) If the condition described in paragraph (a)(iii) of the Rule occurs, the Deliverer shall be 
entitled to a penalty calculated as the greater of four cents (4¢) per pound or four percent 
(4%) of the Notice Price, and the Deliverer may claim the actual amount of any additional 
losses that Deliverer sustained as a result of Receiver’s default. 
 
(3) If the condition described in paragraph (a)(vii) of the Rule occurs, the Receiver shall be 
entitled to a penalty of $495 per contract and a further penalty calculated as the greater of 
four cents (4¢) per pound or four percent (4%) of the Notice Price  on the extent of the weight 
deficiency.  Alternatively, the Receiver may elect to choose any one of the options listed in 
paragraphs (1)(i), (1)(iii) and (1)(iv) above. 
 
(c) For the purposes of this Rule, the term “Delivery of Nonconforming Cotton” shall mean 
the tender of EWRs, invoice, or tag lists which do not conform to the cotton set forth in the 
Delivery Notice. The error(s) must be easily correctable, and the tender must otherwise meet all 
of the requirements for a good delivery pursuant to the Rules. Once the error(s) has been 
corrected, the Receiver must be able to retender said cotton without penalty. The Delivery of 
Nonconforming Cotton includes, but is not limited to, the following: 
 
 (i) tendering of EWRs which do not conform to the cotton set forth in the Delivery Notice 
with respect to color grade, leaf grade, staple, micronaire, or strength (“Nonconforming 
Description”);  
 
(ii) tendering of EWRs which do not conform to the cotton set forth in the Delivery Notice 
with respect to growth (“Nonconforming Growth”); 
 
(iii) tendering of EWRs for cotton warehoused at a Delivery Point other than the Delivery 
Point set forth in the Delivery Notice, provided that all cotton tendered is stored in one 
warehouse (“Nonconforming Delivery Point”);  
 
(iv) tendering of EWRs for a greater or lesser number of bales than the number set forth in 
the Delivery Notice (“Bale Variance”); and/or 
 
(v) tendering of a lot with a total Net Weight of more than 50,500 pounds (“Overweight 
Delivery”). 
 
The provisions of this paragraph (c) shall not apply with respect to grade, staple or type (rain 
grown or non-rain grown) to a Clearing Member who issued a Delivery Notice on delayed 
certification in accordance with the Rules; provided the grade, staple and type set forth in said 
Delivery Notice is in accordance with the Clearing Member’s best information and belief. 


10-22 
 
(d) Delivery of Nonconforming Cotton Penalty - If any of the conditions described in 
paragraph (c) of this Rule occur with respect to a Delivery Notice, the Deliverer shall pay the 
following penalties to the Receiver: 
 
(i) for any Nonconforming Description - five dollars ($5.00) per bale; 
 
(ii) for any Nonconforming Growth – five dollars ($5.00) per bale; 
 
(iii) for any Nonconforming Delivery Point - five hundred dollars ($500) per contract;  
 
(iv) for any Bale Variance - five dollars ($5.00) for each bale which constitutes the Bale 
Variance; and 
 
(v) for Overweight Delivery - no penalty but the Receiver shall not be obligated to pay for 
any excess over the 50,500pound Net Weight amount. 
. 
The Receiver also may claim the actual amount of any additional losses that the Receiver 
sustained as a result of the Delivery of Nonconforming Cotton and is able to document. The 
amount of the losses shall be determined by the Cotton Committee. 
 
(e) Settlement in Default 
 
(i) When a Deliverer provides written or electronic notification to the Receiver that a 
Default has occurred and the Receiver has subsequently elected a default penalty which 
requires invoicing back as per paragraph (b)(1) above, the basis of settlement and invoicing 
back for Defaults shall be the value of the basis for color grade Strict Low Middling White 
(41), leaf grade 4, staple length 1-1/16 Inch (34), micronaire 3.5 to 4.7, and Gram Per Tex of 
twenty-five (25.0) minimum in deliverable form in the delivery market and at the closing 
Settlement Price on the first (1st) Business Day following notification to the Deliverer by the 
Receiver that a Default has occurred. The Receiver must notify the Deliverer and the 
Exchange which option it has selected as per paragraph (b)(1) above by the close of business 
on the business day after receiving Deliverer’s notification of default, and in the event that 
Receiver does not provide such timely notification then Receiver will be deemed to have 
selected to proceed under the provisions of paragraph (b)(1)(iv) above. The Deliverer and the 
Receiver shall provide copies of any notifications referenced in this paragraph to the 
Exchange. 
 
(ii) When a Receiver provides written or electronic notification to the Deliverer that a 
Default has occurred and the Receiver has subsequently elected a default penalty which 
requires invoicing back as per paragraph (b)(1) above, the basis for settlement shall be an 
average of the value of the basis for color grade Strict Low Middling White (41), leaf grade 4, 
staple length 1-1/16 Inch, micronaire 3.5 to 4.7, and Gram Per Tex of twenty-five (25.0) 
minimum in deliverable form in the delivery market and at the closing Settlement Price on 
the first (1st) Business Day following such  notification  provided by the Receiver to the 
Deliverer that Receiver is claiming Default by the Deliverer pursuant this Rule.  The Receiver 
must notify the Deliverer and the Exchange which option it has selected as per paragraph 
(b)(1) above by the close of business on the business day after making notification to the 
Deliverer that a Default has occurred, and in the event that Receiver does not provide such 
timely notification then Receiver will be deemed to have selected to proceed under the 


10-23 
provisions of paragraph (b)(1)(iv) above. The Deliverer and the Receiver shall provide copies 
of any notifications referenced in this paragraph to the Exchange. 
 
(iii)  If either party disputes a Claim of Default, a panel of the Cotton Committee shall 
make a determination with regard to the disputed Claim. If the panel of the Cotton Committee 
makes the determination that the Receiver or Deliverer filed a Claim for Default in error, the 
basis for settlement and invoicing back for the redelivery of the cotton, the refund of the four 
cents (4¢) per pound or four percent (4%) penalty and the compensation for any interest 
expense or any other additional expense that has been incurred by the opposite party in the 
delivery shall be determined by the panel of the Cotton Committee. 
 
(f) The determinations made by the Cotton Committee in accordance with this Rule shall be 
made in writing and served on each Deliverer, Receiver and each Clearing Member involved in 
the Default or Nonconforming Delivery.  
(g) Any determination made pursuant to this Rule does not preclude disciplinary action being 
taken with regard to the delivery in dispute, and the President and/or the Cotton Committee may 
refer the disputed delivery to the Compliance Department for further investigation at any time. 
Amended by the Board November 12, 2008; effective January 12, 2009 [¶¶ (a) through (f)]. 
Amended by the Board April 15, 2009; effective April 24, 2009 [¶¶ (b)(iv), (d), (e)(ii) and (f)]. 
Amended by the Board April 23, 2010; effective May 7, 2010 [¶ (c)]. 
Amended by the Board July 9, 2014; effective July 28, 2014  [¶¶ (d)(i) through (d)(iv)]. 
Amended by the Board December 2, 2016; effective February 22, 2017 [¶¶ (a)(v) and (a)(vii), (b)(1) through 
(b)(3), (c)(iii) and (c)(v), (d)(iii) through (d)(v) and e(1) through (g)]. 
Rule 10.41. Reserved. 
Rule 10.42. Force Majeure 
The term “Force Majeure” shall mean any circumstance (including, but not limited to a strike, 
lockout, national emergency, governmental action, computer malfunction causing loss of EWRs 
or data, or act of God) which is beyond the control of a Clearing Member making or taking 
delivery of a contract in the manner provided for in the Rules.  
 


10-24 
COTTON NO. 2 OPTIONS 
Rule 10.50.  Unit of Trading 
The unit of trading shall be the Option to buy, in the case of a Call, or the Option to sell, in 
the case of a Put, one (1) Cotton No. 2 Futures Contract. 
Rule 10.51. Trading Months  
(1) Monthly Options: 
Trading in Cotton No. 2 Options shall be conducted in contract months as shown below: 
An Option based on the March future that will expire in the previous December; 
An Option based on the March future that will expire in the previous February; 
An Option based on the May future that will expire in the previous April; 
An Option based on the July future that will expire in the previous June; 
An Option based on the October future that will expire in the previous September; 
An Option based on the December future that will expire in the previous August; 
An Option based on the December future that will expire in the previous October; 
An Option based on the December future that will expire in the previous November. 
A new Option Contract month shall be listed for trading on the Business Day following the 
first (1st) trading day of the Underlying Futures Contract. 
2) Weekly Options: 
(a) Except as the Board may from time to time prescribe otherwise, up to three Weekly 
Cotton Options contracts shall be listed for trading at any time:  a Weekly Option expiring in the 
first week of the calendar month, a Weekly Option expiring in the second week of the calendar 
month, a Weekly Option expiring in the third week of the calendar month, a Weekly option 
expiring in the fourth week of the calendar month, and a Weekly Option expiring in the fifth 
week of the calendar month.  The Underlying Future Contract for each Weekly Cotton Options 
Contract shall be the same as the Underlying Future Contract of the first Monthly Option 
Contract that has not yet reached its Last Trading Day as of the Last Trading Day of the Weekly 
Option, with the proviso that the October futures contract is not eligible to be the Underlying 
Future Contract for a Weekly Option.. 
(b) A new Weekly Option contract shall be listed for trading on the first trading day 
following the Last Trading Day of an expiring Weekly Option contract. 
Amended by the Board December 15, 2011; effective February 6, 2012 [¶¶ (1) and (2)(a) and (b)]. 
Rule 10.52. Premium Quotations 
Premiums shall be quoted in cents and hundredths of a cent per pound. The minimum 
fluctuation in Premiums shall be $0.0001 per pound, provided, however, that an Option Trade 
may be executed at a price of one ten-thousandth of a cent per pound (5¢ per contract) if the 
Trade will result in the liquidation of Positions for both parties to the Trade (“cabinet trades”).  
 
 


10-25 
Rule 10.53. Price Fluctuation Limitations  
(a) Transactions in Cotton No. 2 Options shall not be subject to price fluctuation limitations. 
(b) For the purposes of this Rule, the term “Lead Month” shall mean the futures contract 
month carrying the most open interest; provided, however, that if the regular option contract on 
such futures contract month has expired then such futures contract month is not eligible to be the 
Lead Month. 
(c) If, during the trading day, the Lead Month is at limit bid or limit offer and the Exchange 
determines that the Monthly Options contract for which the Lead Month is the Underlying 
Futures Contract is trading at a synthetic price that is equal to two (2) times the daily price limit 
currently in effect for the Lead Month, trading in all Options contracts shall be halted for the 
remainder of the trading day. 
(d) The decision by the Exchange that the Options contract is trading at a synthetic price that 
is equal to two (2) times the daily price limit currently in effect for the Lead Month shall be final. 
(e) All Options trades executed prior to the Exchange halting Options trading for the day 
shall be valid trades. 
(f) Notwithstanding the above provisions, on the Last Trading Day of an expiring Options 
contract, trading in the expiring Options contract will not be halted under this Rule but shall 
continue until the time specified in Exchange Rule 4.25(d). 
Amended by the Board May 20, 2010; effective September 7, 2010 [¶¶ (a) through (e)]. 
Amended by the Board March 29, 2011; effective May 2, 2011 [¶¶ (c) through (g)]. 
Amended by the Board December 15, 2011; effective February 6, 2012 [¶ (c)]. 
Amended by the Board February 27, 2014; effective March 7, 2014 [¶¶ (c) through (f)]. 
Rule 10.54. Last Trading Day 
(a) For all Monthly Options contracts, other than the December Options contract which shall 
expire in the previous August and for which the Last Trading Day shall be the third Friday of the 
previous August, the December Options contract which shall expire in the previous October and 
for which the Last Trading day shall be the third Friday of the previous October, and the March 
Options contract which shall expire in the previous December and for which the Last Trading 
Day shall be the third Friday of the previous December, the Last Trading Day shall be the last 
Friday which precedes the First Notice Day for the Underlying Futures Contract by at least five 
(5) Business Days; provided, however, that in the event the Exchange is closed on any such 
Friday: 
(i) because such Friday is a designated Exchange Holiday which has been so designated for 
more than one (1) week prior thereto, the Last Trading Day shall be the trading day preceding 
such Friday; and 
(ii) for any other reason, the Last Trading Day shall mean the first (1st) trading day after 
such Friday. 
(b) The Last Trading Day for any Weekly Option contract shall be the Friday of the week in 
which the Weekly Option is scheduled to expire.  If such Friday is not an Exchange Business 
Day, then the Last Trading Day shall be the first preceding Business Day.  In the event that the 
Last Trading Day for a Weekly Option is also the Last Trading Day for a Monthly Option, then 
that Weekly Option contract shall not be listed for trading. 
Amended by the Board December 15, 2011; effective February 6, 2012 [¶¶ (a) and (b)]. 


10-26 
Rule 10.55. Obligations of Option Purchasers 
(a) The Purchaser which clears a Cotton No. 2 Option shall pay in full the Premium to the 
Clearing Organization in accordance with the Rules of the Clearing Organization. 
(b) The Purchaser of a Cotton No. 2 Option shall, upon exercising such Option in accordance 
with the Rules, enter into an Underlying Futures Contract to buy (in the case of a Call) or to sell 
(in the case of a Put) cotton for delivery in the regular or serial Option Month's Underlying 
Futures Contract, at the Strike Price specified in such Option; provided, however, that any such 
contract entered into upon exercise shall be entered into for the account of the Person having 
purchased the Cotton No. 2 Option. 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2023; effective June 1, 2023 [¶¶ (a) and (b)]. 
Rule 10.56. Obligations of Option Grantors 
(a) The Grantor which clears a Cotton No. 2 Option shall make such Margin deposits as the 
Clearing Organization may require. 
(b) The Grantor of a Cotton No. 2 Option shall, upon being assigned an Exercise Notice in 
accordance with the Rules of the Clearing Organization, enter into an Underlying Futures 
Contract to sell (in the case of a Call) or to buy (in the case of a Put) Cotton for delivery in the 
regular or serial Option Month's Underlying Futures Contract, at the Strike Price specified in such 
Option; provided, however, that any such contract entered into upon assignment of an Exercise 
Notice shall be entered into for the account of the Person having granted the Cotton No. 2 Option. 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2023; effective June 1, 2023 [¶¶ (a) and (b)]. 
Rule 10.57. Effect of Clearance 
Upon acceptance of a Cotton No. 2 Option by the Clearing Organization, the Clearing 
Organization shall be substituted as, and assume the position of, the Purchaser to the Clearing 
Member which is the Grantor and the position of the Grantor to the Clearing Member which is 
the Purchaser; and thereupon the Clearing Organization shall have all the rights and obligations 
with respect to such Option as the parties for which it is substituted. 
Rule 10.58. Expiration of Cotton Options 
A Cotton No. 2 Option shall expire at 5:00 p.m. on the Last Trading Day; provided, however, 
that any such Option which is one (1) point in-the-money and remains unexercised after that time 
shall be automatically exercised by the Clearing Organization, unless, before 5:00 p.m. on the 
Last Trading Day, the Clearing Member gives the Clearing Organization written instructions that 
any such Option is to expire unexercised. 
Rule 10.59. Strike Prices  
(a) Options on Cotton No. 2 Futures Contracts shall trade with Strike Prices in one cent (.01¢) 
per pound intervals. 
(b) The Exchange may list such Strike Prices as the Exchange may from time to time 
determine.  In addition, at the time Monthly Options for any month are first (1st) listed for trading, 
they shall be listed with at least the following eleven (11) Strike Prices: 
(i) the previous day's Settlement Price for Cotton No. 2 Futures Contracts in the 
corresponding delivery month rounded off to the nearest one cent (.01¢) per pound interval; 
for purposes of this Rule, prices from __.51 on up shall be the next highest one cent (.01¢) 


10-27 
interval and prices from __.50 on down shall be the next lowest one cent (.01¢) interval; 
this one cent (.01¢) interval is the at-the-money Strike Price; 
(ii) the five (5) Strike Prices which are higher than the at-the-money Strike Price; and 
(iii) the five (5) Strike Prices which are lower than the at-the-money Strike Price. 
Amended by the Board December 15, 2011; effective February 6, 2012 [¶¶ (b) and (g)]. 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2023; effective April 20, 2023 [¶¶ (b) through (b)(iii)] 
Rule 10.60. Notice of Exercise 
(a) An Option may be exercised by the buyer on any Business Day that such Option is traded. 
(b) An Exercise Notice of any Option shall be in the form prescribed by the Clearing 
Organization and in accordance with Clearing Organization Rules for Puts and Calls. The 
Clearing Member who is representing the buyer shall present an Exercise Notice to the Clearing 
Organization by 5:00 p.m. on the day of exercise. 
(c) The Clearing Organization, based on Exercise Notices received from Clearing Members, 
shall allocate such exercised Options among Clearing Members having short Positions in such 
Options on a pro rata basis, make necessary entries on its books to convert the exercised Option 
into the Underlying Futures Contract and so notify the affected Clearing Member. 
 
Rule 10.61. Cotton Options Contract Form 
All Options shall be in the following form: 
 
OPTION ON COTTON NO. 2SM FUTURES CONTRACT  
New York, NY _____________ 20__ 
________________________________________________(A.B.) 
has 
this 
day 
sold 
to 
____________________________________________________________(C.D.) and agreed to 
honor on timely Exercise Notice a (Call) (Put) Cotton No. 2 Futures Option exercisable in 
accordance with the Rules of the Exchange to (purchase)(sell) one contract of fifty thousand 
(50,000) 
lbs. 
(+/-1%)1 
& 
1/16 
SLM 
delivery 
in 
_______________________________________________(the Option Contract Month) at the 
price of $_______________________________ per pound (the Strike Price). Upon the issuance 
of an Exercise Notice, the Purchaser and Grantor of this Cotton Option shall become the buyer 
and seller, respectively, if the Cotton Option is a Call Option, or the seller and buyer respectively, 
if the Cotton Option is a Put Option, of a ICE Futures U.S. Cotton No. 2 Futures Contract on the 
terms stated above. 
The Option Contract is, and any Cotton No. 2 Futures Contract resulting from the exercise 
shall be, made in view of, and in all respects, subject to the Rules of the ICE Futures U.S. Cotton 
No. 2. Additionally, any Cotton No. 2 Futures Contract resulting therefrom shall be subject to the 
terms of the United States Cotton Futures Act. 
For and in consideration of a Premium which the Option Purchaser pays to the Option 
Grantor, the undersigned accepts this contract with all its obligations and conditions. 


10-28 
 
OPTIONS ON COTTON NO. 2 FUTURES SPREADS  
 
Rule 10.70. Definitions 
 
(a) A Transaction involving Options to enter into Cotton No. 2 calendar Spread Futures 
Contracts on the Exchange shall be referred to as either a “Cotton Spread Option” or “CTSO”. 
 
(b) A Cotton Put Spread Option represents an Option to assume a short Position in the first 
(1st) expiring Cotton No. 2 Futures Contract in the spread and a long Position in the second (2nd) 
expiring Cotton No. 2 Futures Contract in the spread traded on the Exchange. A Cotton Call 
Spread Option represents an Option to assume a long Position in the first (1st) expiring Cotton 
No. 2 Futures Contract in the spread and a short Position in the second (2nd) expiring Cotton No. 
2 Futures Contract in the spread traded on the Exchange. 
 
(c) For the purposes of this Chapter, unless otherwise noted herein, the following terms shall 
have the following meanings: 
 
(i) the term “Spread Price” shall mean the mathematical result of subtracting the price of 
the second (2nd) delivery month of the Underlying Futures Contract in the CTSO from the 
price of the first (1st) delivery month of the Underlying Futures Contract in the CTSO; and 
 
(ii) the term “Settlement Spread Price” shall mean the mathematical result of subtracting 
the Settlement Price of the second (2nd) delivery month of the Underlying Futures Contract in 
the CTSO from the Settlement Price of the first (1st) delivery month of the Underlying 
Futures Contract in the CTSO. 
 
Rule 10.71. Trading Months 
 
(a) Except as the Board may otherwise prescribe, expiration months of the Underlying 
Futures Contract which are eligible for listing with respect to Cotton Spread Options shall be: 
December, March, May, July, October.  
 
(b) Except as the Board may otherwise prescribe, Cotton Spread Options shall be listed for 
trading as follows: 
 
(i) 1 month series: Each of the first four expiration months paired with its next successive 
expiration month; 
 
(ii) 2 month series: Each of the first three expiration months paired with its second 
successive expiration month; 
 
(iii) 3 month series: Each of the first two expiration months paired with its third successive 
expiration month; 
 
(iv) 4 month series: The first listed expiration month paired with its fourth successive 
expiration month; and 
 
(v) 5 month series: Each of the first five listed months paired with its fifth successive 
expiration month. 


10-29 
 
 
(c) If trading has commenced in the Underlying Futures Contract, a new CTSO shall be listed 
as follows: 
 
(i) with respect to the one month, two month, three month and four month series, a new 
CTSO shall be listed for trading on the first trading day following the expiration of a CTSO 
contained in the series; and 
 
(ii) with respect to the five month series, a new CTSO shall be listed for trading on the first 
trading day following the first trading day for the far month Underlying Futures Contract. 
 
Rule 10.72. Premium Quotations 
 
Premiums shall be quoted in cents and hundredths of a cent per pound. The minimum 
fluctuation in Premiums shall be $.0001 per pound, except that Trades may occur at a price of 
$1.00 per CTSO contract if such Trades result in the liquidation of Positions for both parties to 
the Trade. 
 
Rule 10.73. Last Trading Day 
 
The Last Trading Day for any CTSO series pair shall be the day as provided for in Cotton No. 
2 Options Rule 10.54, as that day would apply to the first expiring delivery month in the pair. 
 
Rule 10.74. Obligations of CTSO Purchasers 
 
(a) The Purchaser which clears a CTSO shall pay in full the Premium to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with the Clearing Organization Rules. 
 
(b) The Purchaser of a CTSO shall, upon exercising such CTSO in accordance with the 
Rules, enter into Underlying Futures Contracts to buy the first (1st) delivery month in the CTSO 
and sell the second (2nd) delivery month in the CTSO (in the case of a Call) or to enter into 
Underlying Futures Contracts to sell the first (1st) delivery month in the CTSO and buy the 
second (2nd) delivery month of the CTSO (in the case of a Put), at a Spread Price equal to the 
Strike Price specified in such CTSO; provided, however, that any such contracts entered into 
upon exercise shall be entered into the account of the Person having purchased the CTSO. 
 
(c) Futures contracts entered into by the Purchaser of a CTSO, as provided for in paragraph 
(c) herein, shall have prices assigned to those futures contracts in the following manner: 
  
(i) The first (1st) delivery month futures contract shall be assigned the price equal to the 
Settlement Price for that month on the day of exercise, and 
 
(ii) The second (2nd) delivery month futures contract shall be assigned the price that is the 
mathematical result of the first (1st) delivery month futures contract Settlement Price, as 
provided for in subparagraph (d)(i) herein, minus the Spread Price specified in such CTSO. 
 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2023; effective June 1, 2023 [¶¶ (a) through (c)]. 
 
Rule 10.75. Obligations of CTSO Grantors 
 
(a) The Grantor of a CTSO shall make such Margin deposits as the Clearing Organization 
may require. 
 
(b) The Grantor of a CTSO shall, upon being assigned an Exercise Notice in accordance with 
the Clearing Organization Rules, enter into Underlying Futures Contracts to sell the first (1st) 


10-30 
delivery month of the CTSO and buy the second (2nd) delivery month of a CTSO (in the case of a 
Call) or to enter into Underlying Futures Contracts to buy the first (1st) delivery month of the 
CTSO and sell the second (2nd) delivery month in the CTSO (in the case of a Put), at a Spread 
Price equal to the Strike Price specified in such CTSO; provided, however, that any such 
contracts entered into upon assignment of an Exercise Notice shall be entered into for the account 
of the Person having granted the CTSO. 
 
(c) Futures contracts entered into by the Grantor of a CTSO, as provided for in paragraph (c) 
herein, shall have prices assigned to those futures contracts in the following manner: 
 
(i) The first (1st) delivery month futures contract shall be assigned the price equal to the 
Settlement Price for that month on the day of exercise; and 
 
(ii) The second (2nd) delivery month futures contract shall be assigned the price that is the 
mathematical result of the first (1st) delivery month futures contract Settlement Price, as 
provided for in subparagraph (d)(i) herein, minus the Spread Price specified in such CTSO. 
 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2023; effective June 1, 2023 [¶¶ (a) through (c)]. 
 
Rule 10.76. Effect of Clearance 
 
Upon acceptance of a CTSO by the Clearing Organization, the Clearing Organization shall be 
substituted as, and assume the position of the Purchaser to the Clearing Member which is the 
Grantor and the position of the Grantor to the Clearing Member which is the Purchaser; and 
thereupon the Clearing Organization shall have all the rights and obligations with respect to such 
CTSO as the parties for which it is substituted. 
 
Rule 10.77. Expiration of CTSOs 
 
A CTSO shall expire at 5:00 pm on the Last Trading Day; provided, however, that any such 
CTSO which is one (1) point In-The-Money and remains unexercised after that time shall be 
automatically exercised by the Clearing Organization, unless, before 5:00 p.m. on the Last 
Trading Day, the Clearing Member gives the Clearing Organization written instructions that any 
such Option is to expire unexercised. 
 
Rule 10.78. Strike Prices 
 
(a) Trading shall only be conducted in a CTSO having a Strike Price determined in 
accordance with this Rule. 
 
(b) The Strike Prices of a CTSO that is listed for trading shall be at levels which are at 
intervals of one-quarter cent ($.0025). 
 
(c) Except as the Board or President may otherwise prescribe, a CTSO shall be listed for 
trading with particular prices for each CTSO as follows: 
  
(i) At the time any CTSO is first (1st) listed for trading pursuant to Rule 10.71, they shall be 
listed with seven (7) one-quarter cent Strike Prices, as required in paragraph (b), each for Puts 
and Calls. The first one-quarter cent Strike Price shall be set at the prescribed level which is 
equal to the Settlement Spread Price for the underlying futures spread on the previous trading 
day, or if such Settlement Spread Price is not equal to any such prescribed level, then at the 
next prescribed level above such Settlement Spread Price. The other six (6) one-quarter cent 
Strike Prices shall be at each of the three (3) prescribed levels above and the three (3) 
prescribed levels below the first Strike Price. 
 


10-31 
(ii) Whenever the Strike Prices of a listed CTSO do not include the first (1st) prescribed 
one-quarter cent level above the Settlement Spread Price for the underlying futures spread on 
the previous trading day, or either of the three (3) one-quarter cent prescribed levels above or 
below such a level, they shall be listed for trading the following day. 
 
(iii) Any listing of Strike Prices prescribed by the Board or President under this Rule shall 
be made effective upon adoption or as otherwise determined by the Board or the President.  
 
(d) A CTSO shall be delisted if for ten (10) consecutive trading days no Transaction is 
executed, and there is no open position, in such CTSO; provided however, that no CTSO shall be 
so delisted if it has a Strike Price which is at the first (1st) one-quarter cent level above the 
Settlement Spread Price of the underlying futures spread on the previous trading day, or is at 
either of the three (3) prescribed one-quarter cent levels above or below such level as set forth in 
subparagraphs (c)(i) and (c)(ii); and provided further that no CTSO shall be delisted if there is a 
CTSO in another class with the same Strike Price that does not otherwise qualify for delisting. 
 
Rule 10.79. Notice of Exercise 
 
(a) An CTSO may be exercised by the buyer on any Business Day that such CTSO is traded. 
(b) An Exercise Notice of any CTSO shall be in the form prescribed by the Clearing 
Organization and in accordance with Clearing Organization Rules for Puts and Calls. The 
Clearing Member who is representing the buyer shall present an Exercise Notice to the Clearing 
Organization by 5:00 p.m. on the day of exercise. 
(c) The Clearing Organization, based on Exercise Notices received from Clearing Members, 
shall allocate such exercised CTSOs among Clearing Members having short Positions in such 
CTSOs on a pro rata basis, make necessary entries on its books to convert the exercised CTSO 
into the Underlying Futures Contract and so notify the affected Clearing Member. 
 
Rule 10.80. Option – Forms 
 
(a) All Cotton call Spread Options shall be in the following form: 
 
COTTON CALL SPREAD OPTION 
 
New York, N.Y. __________20__ 
 
_____________ (the Grantor) hereby grants to _______________ (the Purchaser) a spread 
Option to enter into one (1) Cotton No. 2 futures spread on the ICE Futures U.S.to purchase 
cotton for delivery in __________ (the first (1st) delivery month in the Option’s Underlying 
Futures Contract of the spread) and to sell cotton for delivery in __________ (the second (2nd) 
delivery month in the Option’s Underlying Futures Contract of the spread) at a Spread Price of 
_________ cents per pound (the Strike Price of the CTSO). 
 
The Purchaser hereby agrees to pay a Premium of $___________ for this CTSO. 
 
This CTSO is, and any Exchange Futures Contracts resulting from its exercise shall be, made 
in view of, and in all respects subject to, the Rules of the ICE Futures U.S. Cotton No. 2, of the 
Clearing Organization, and of any successor to either of them, as adopted or amended from time 
to time. 
 
(b) All Cotton Put Spread Options shall be in the following form: 
 
 


10-32 
COTTON PUT SPREAD OPTION 
 
New York, N.Y._________20__ 
 
_______________ (the Grantor) hereby grants to _______________ (the Purchaser) a spread 
Option to enter into one (1) Cotton No. 2 futures spread on the ICE Futures U.S. Cotton No. 2, to 
sell cotton for delivery in ___________ (the first (1st) delivery month of the Option’s Underlying 
Futures Contract of the spread) and to buy cotton for delivery in __________ (the second (2nd) 
delivery month of the Option’s Underlying Futures Contract of the spread) at a Spread Price of 
__________ cents per pound (the Strike Price of the CTSO). 
 
The Purchaser herby agrees to pay a Premium of $_________ for this CTSO. 
 
This CTSO is, and any Exchange Futures Contracts resulting from its exercise shall be, made 
in view of, and in all respects subject to, the Rules of the ICE Futures U.S. Cotton No. 2, of the 
Clearing Organization, and of any successor to them, as adopted or amended from time to time. 
 
(c) Cotton Spread Options shall not be transferred, assigned or otherwise disposed of other 
than on the Exchange, subject to the Rules of the Exchange and the Clearing Organization. 
 
COTTON RESOLUTION 
 
No. 1. Warehouse Requirements for the Storage of Exchange Cotton 
RESOLVED, THAT the following are the minimum acceptable standards and procedures to 
be followed by Exchange licensed cotton warehouses in connection with the storage of Exchange 
Cotton. 
(I) Location and Physical Structure of Warehouse 
(1) The physical property of the warehouse shall be subject to examination by the 
Exchange.  
(2) The physical property of the warehouse must be properly safeguarded and patrolled.  
(3) Any cotton subject to weather exposure must be placed on skids and entirely covered 
with tarpaulins.  
(4) The warehouse shall be equipped to handle cotton submitted for certification without 
unreasonable delay. Cotton shall be handled in the order in which its instructions are received.  
(II) Duties of Warehouse Operators 
(1) The warehouse operator shall not handle certificated cotton at the request of the owner 
without the surrender of the EWR.  
(III) Transfer of Cotton 
(1) Cotton may not be transferred from one licensed warehouse to another licensed 
warehouse without notification to, and approval by, the Exchange. Such notification shall be 
furnished to the Exchange at least ten (10) days prior to the transfer. When transferred, the EWR 
pertaining to the original warehouse shall be cancelled, and a new EWR issued for the new 
warehouse.  
(2) If the warehouse operator ceases to operate the Licensed Store because of either a 
voluntary or Exchange mandated cancellation, the warehouse operator shall transfer the 


10-33 
certificated cotton and shall be liable for the expenses of such transfer. Said transfer shall take 
place no later than sixty (60) days after the effective date of the cancellation.  
(A) Notice of the transfer stating the warehouse to which the cotton is to be transferred 
shall be given to the owner and the Exchange. The owner has five (5) Business Days after 
receipt of the notice to notify the warehouse operator and the Exchange that his cotton should 
be transferred to a warehouse other than the one (1) selected by the warehouse operator, and 
the warehouse operator shall be liable only for those expenses that would have been incurred 
if the cotton had been transferred to the warehouse selected by the warehouse operator.  
(3) The warehouse operator shall cover the cotton with insurance, at his expense, while the 
cotton is in transit and at the new location until such time as a new EWR is issued showing the 
new location.        
(IV) Tariffs  
(1) At the time the warehouse operator applies for a license and renewal, it shall submit to the 
Exchange its tariff listing in detail the maximum rates applying to the handling and storage of 
certificated cotton during the term of the license. Upon approval of the license or renewal 
application by the Exchange, the tariff shall be posted at the Licensed Store in accordance with 
USDA requirements and published by the Exchange. 
(2) Storage rates may not be increased during the term of the license except as provided for 
by the USDA.    
(V) Load-Out Obligations  
(1) All warehouses are required to load-out cotton within nine (9) weeks from the date of 
receipts of a valid load-out order. A load-out order will only be considered valid for the purposes 
of this Resolution when an EWR Decertification record, accompanied by instructions for prompt 
shipment, has been transmitted to the warehouse and the Exchange. Failure to comply with this 
provision of the Resolution shall be either reduction of the licensed capacity of the warehouse or 
cancellation of the warehouse’s Exchange license.    
(VI) EWR Requirements 
1. After cotton has been inspected, sampled, weighed and classed, as provided for in the 
Rules, an EWR shall be promptly issued for each bale.  The EWR number and the number of the 
bale that it represents shall correspond and no two (2) outstanding EWRs issued by the same 
warehouse shall have the same number.  
2. When an issued EWR is valid for one (1) year, its life shall be extended, and such 
extension noted on the EWR, simultaneously with the periodical payment of storage as provided 
Rule 10.21(c) and (d).  
3. The warehouse shall input onto each EWR all information including the location of the 
bale, required by the Exchange and shall certify thereto. Such information shall include the 
location of the bale, and, for the purposes of this provision, the term “location” shall mean the 
name of the Licensed Store.  
4. The EWR Provider shall not be liable for any Claim, loss, expense (including attorney’s 
fees) or other liability (collectively a “Loss”) incurred by a Member that arises out of, or relates 
to, the EWR provider’s performance of administrative services related to determining the Year of 
Growth of any bales of cotton as to which certification is sought, except for any Loss caused by 
the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the EWR provider in connection therewith.  
5. No warehouse shall claim a lien against a bale of certified cotton for unpaid charges or 
expenses due on other cotton or like goods as defined by the Uniform Commercial Code. Each 


10-34 
EWR shall only contain liens representing the particular bale of certificated cotton represented 
thereon.  
 
(VII) Record Retention 
The following records relating to Exchange Cotton shall be kept and maintained by the 
warehouse operator for at least the indicated periods of time after the Cotton has been removed 
from the warehouse, decertified or otherwise no longer identified as Exchange Cotton: 
Category of Document  
Time Period 
Delivery Orders ....................................................................................................................................... 1 year 
Receiving Reports .................................................................................................................................. 
2 years 
Stock Record Cards ................................................................................................................................ 
2 years 
EWRs 
 ................................................................................................................................................ 
2 years 
Storage Report 
........................................................................................................................................ 
2 years 
Documents reflecting any movement of Exchange Cotton into or from a licensed store ...................... 
2 years 
Weight Notes 
.......................................................................................................................................... 
2 years 
(VIII) Violations 
Violations of the standards and procedures set forth in this Resolution shall not be grounds 
for a Receiver to reject a delivery or to hold a Deliverer in default, provided, however, that 
nothing in this Resolution shall alter or abridge the rights of a Receiver under any other provision 
of the Rules to reject a delivery or to hold a Deliverer in default.  
Adopted by the Board April 15, 2009; effective April 24, 2009. 
Amended by the Board December 2, 2016; effective January 12, 2017 [¶¶ (iv)(2)]. 
 
No. 2 - Use of Smith Doxey Classing1 Data to Register Bales As Tenderable 
In addition to the inspection and sampling procedures as provided in Exchange Rules 10.27A and 
10.27B, cotton stored in an Exchange Licensed Store may be submitted to USDA for registration 
as tenderable against the Cotton No. 2® Futures Contract at any time between the Smith Doxey 
classing date of the bale and the close of business on the one hundred and eightieth (180th) 
calendar day after the classing date of the bale, subject to the quality limitations and 
administrative procedures below. In the event of any inconsistency between this Resolution and 
any other provision of the Rules, this Resolution shall prevail. 
 
Once a bale has been registered as tenderable based upon its Smith Doxey classing data pursuant 
to this Resolution, it shall be considered to be certified cotton for purposes of deliveries under the 
Rules. 
 
Limitations: 
 
In order to be eligible for registration as tenderable based upon Smith Doxey classing data, a bale 
must be stored in an Exchange licensed warehouse, and must meet the quality and weight 
 
1 For the purposes of this Resolution, “Smith Doxey Classing” shall include both Original and Review 
Smith Doxey Classing pursuant to USDA regulations and procedures, and for any bale that has undergone 
both Original and Review Smith Doxey classing any reference to the Smith Doxey classing results shall 
mean the Review Smith Doxey classing results and any reference to the Smith Doxey classing date shall 
mean the date of the Review Smith Doxey classing. 


10-35 
requirements of Rule 10.03, the packaging bands and bagging requirements of Rule 10.19 and the 
compression requirements of Rule 10.20.   
 
In addition, the USDA Smith Doxey classing data for the bale must meet the following standards 
for each of the respective qualities below: 
 
 
Color – White Grades, USDA codes 11, 21, 31, 41 and 51 
 
Leaf – USDA codes 4, 3, 2 and 1 
 
Micronaire – 3.6 to 4.8, inclusive 
 
Strength – 27 grams per tex and higher 
 
Fiber Length – 1.03 dig and longer 
 
 
No bale may be submitted for registration as tenderable based upon Smith Doxey classing data on 
and after the 181st calendar day after the date of Smith Doxey classing by the USDA, and a bale 
may only be submitted for such registration once. 
 
Procedures: 
 
In order to seek registration of a bale as tenderable based upon Smith Doxey classing, the 
warehouse operator must first submit to the Exchange a request for a lot number, and 
subsequently submit to the USDA a request for registration of the bale, in a form prescribed by 
the Exchange and the USDA, stating the number of bales included in the request for registration, 
the Exchange lot number and the gin code/gin tag number of each such bale and such other 
information as may be required by the Exchange and/or the USDA. 
 
Upon confirmation by the USDA that a bale for which registration as tenderable based upon 
Smith Doxey classing has been made meets the quality standards above for such registration, the 
EWR record for the bale shall be marked as tenderable as of the date of such registration, and the 
bale shall be included in certificated stock.   
 
Weighing: 
 
The official delivery weight for bales that qualify for certificated classification based upon Smith 
Doxey classing data shall be the most recent weight determined by the licensed warehouse 
operator as input into the EWR record. Such bales shall be subject to weight allowances provided 
for in Rule 10.18(b) and the weight penalties provided for in Rule 10.33.  Weight penalties 
provided for in Rule 10.33 will accrue using the certification registration date (inclusive), and 
weight allowances provided for in Rule 10.18(b) will accrue using the certification registration 
date or the date of weighing by the licensed warehouse operator, whichever is more recent. 
 
Delayed Certification: 
 
Bales entered into certificated stocks based upon Original Smith Doxey classing data may not be 
used to issue Delivery Notices under the delayed certification provisions of Rules 10.14 and 
10.26. 
 
Invoicing: 
 
For purposes of calculating invoices under Rule 10.22 for bales entered into certificated stocks 
based upon Original Smith Doxey classing data only, the staple length of the bale shall be 


10-36 
determined based upon the USDA calculation of the length of the fiber expressed in dig terms, as 
shown below: 
 
 
Dig Measurement From: 
 
Invoiced as Staple:  
 
 
1.03 to 1.05 
 
 
 
33 (1 and 1/32nd of an inch) 
 
1.06 to 1.08 
 
 
 
34 (1 and 2/32nds of an inch) 
 
1.09 to 1.11 
 
 
 
35 (1 and 3/32nds of an inch) 
 
1.12 to 1.14 
 
 
 
36 (1 and 4/32nds of an inch) 
 
1.15 and higher  
 
 
37 (1 and 5/32nds of an inch) 
 
In the interest of clarity, for all other certified cotton the Staple used for invoicing shall be the 
staple as shown in the EWR record for the bale based upon USDA certified classing of the bale. 
 
Adopted by the Board February 28, 2013; effective March 19, 2013 with the March 2014 contract 
month and all months thereafter. 
 
Amended by the Board December 2, 2016; effective January 12, 2017 [¶(Weighing)]. 
 
Amended by the Board July 28, 2017; effective September 15, 2017 [¶(Invoicing)]. 
 
Amended by the Board June 21, 2018; effective October 1, 2018.  


11-1 
ICE Futures U.S.®, Inc. 
 
SUGAR NO. 11® RULES 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Rule 
 
Subject 
 
11.00 
Contract Terms—Form 
11.01 
Delivery Months 
11.02 
Size of Contract, Price Fluctuation 
11.03 
Reserved 
11.04 
Contract Binding 
11.05 
Readiness of Vessel for Sugar 
11.06 
Last Trading Day 
11.07 
Final Weights and Tests 
11.08 
Obligations of the Receiver and Deliverer 
11.09 
Arbitration of Disputes 
11.10 
Force Majeure 
11.11 
Memo of Deliverer 
11.12 
Orders Subject to Exchange By-Laws and Rules 
11.13 
Reserved 
11.14 
Reported Sales 
SUGAR OPTIONS 
11.21 
Option—Forms 
11.22 
Trading Months 
11.23 
Last Trading Day 
11.24 
Strike Prices 
11.25 
Premium Quotations 
11.26 
Obligations of Option Purchasers 
11.27 
Obligations of Option Grantors 
11.28 
Effect of Clearance 
11.29 
Expiration and Exercise of Options 
11.30 
Automatic Exercise Levels 
OPTIONS ON SUGAR NO. 11 FUTURES SPREADS 
11.40 
Definitions 
11.41 
Option—Forms 
11.42 
Trading Months 
11.43 
Last Trading Day 
11.44 
Strike Prices 
11.45 
Premium Quotations 
11.46 
Obligations of SSO Purchasers 
 
 
___ 
Sugar No. 11 is a Registered Trademark and Marque Deposees of ICE Futures U.S., Inc., registered in the 
United States, Canada and Japan. 


11-2 
11.47 
Obligations of SSO Grantors 
11.48 
Effect of Clearance 
11.49 
Expiration and Exercise of SSOs 
11.50 
Automatic Exercise Levels 
 
SUGAR NO. 11 RESOLUTIONS 
No. 
 
1 
Delivery Months 
2 
Interpretation of Sugar Rule 11.00(e) 
3 
Interpretation of Sugar No. 11 Rule 11.08(2)(a) 
4 
Interpretation of the Term “Port” 
5 
Interpretation of Sugar No. 11 Rules Concerning Obligation of Deliverer to 
 
Provide “GSP Form A” to Receiver 
6 
Alternative Provisions for Presentation of Documents Required for 
Payment in Electronic Format 


11-3 
ICE FUTURES U.S.®, INC. 
 
SUGAR NO. 11® RULES 
 
FUTURES 
Rule 11.00. Contract Terms—Form 
(a) No contract for the future delivery of Sugar No. 11 shall be recognized, acknowledged or 
enforced by the Exchange, or any committee or officer thereof, unless both parties thereto shall 
be Members, provided, however, that Members shall offer their contracts for clearance to the 
Clearing Organization which shall become by substitution a party thereto in place of a Member, 
and thereupon such Clearing Organization shall become subject to the obligations thereof and 
entitled to all the rights and privileges of a Member in holding, fulfilling or disposing thereof. 
(b) The grades deliverable under Sugar No. 11 Futures Contract shall be sound raw 
centrifugal cane sugar based on 96 degrees average polarization. Raw sugar is any crystallized 
sugar product from a cane sugar production facility delivered in bulk. 
(c) The sugar deliverable under Sugar No. 11 Futures Contract are as follows: 
(i) Growths of Argentina, Australia, Barbados, Belize, Brazil, Honduras, Colombia, Costa 
Rica, Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Ecuador, Fiji Islands, Guatemala, India, Jamaica, 
Malawi, Mauritius, Mexico, Mozambique, Nicaragua, Peru, Republic of the Philippines, 
South Africa, Swaziland, Taiwan, Thailand, Trinidad, United States and Zimbabwe. 
(ii) The growth of Cuba may be added as deliverable, upon recommendation by the World 
Sugar Committee, by action of the Board by a two-thirds vote of the Board. 
(iii) A growth or growths may be added or deleted as deliverable, upon recommendation by 
the World Sugar Committee, by action of the Board by a two-thirds vote of the Board; 
provided that any such addition or deletion shall only affect deliveries in months beyond the 
last month in which there is an open position at the time of such action of the Board. 
(d) Allowances for polarization on sugar deliverable under Sugar No. 11 Futures Contract are 
as follows: 
(i) For the sugar at 97 degrees add 1.00% of the notice price; for the full degree from 97 
degrees to 98 degrees, add an additional 1.25% of the notice price; for the full degree from 98 
to 99 degrees, add an additional 1.50% of the notice price; for each full 1/10th of a degree from 
99.0 to 99.3 degrees, add an additional 0.15% of the notice price; for the full degree from 96 
to 95 degrees, deduct 5.50% of the notice price. Fractions of a degree shall be calculated in the 
same proportions. 
(ii) Deliverer shall be responsible to Receiver for any proven damages that may be suffered 
by Receiver because of any sound sugar delivered upon a Sugar No. 11 Futures Contract 
testing below 95 degrees at the time final weights and tests are taken. 


11-4 
(e) 
SUGAR NO. 11 CONTRACT 
New York _______________________ 20 __________ 
 
 
(has) 
(sold) 
 
________________________________________________________ (have) this day (bought) 
(deliver to) 
50 tons of 2,240 Standard American avoirdupois pound of sound Raw Centrifugal Cane Sugar in 
bulk at   
cents net cash U.S. currency per pound based on 96 degrees average polarization 
with adjustment for other grades in accordance with Rule 11.00(d). 
The sugar delivered under this contract shall have been manufactured no earlier than twelve 
(12) calendar months preceding the delivery month specified below. Deliverer shall be 
responsible for all expenses pertaining to delivery and loading of sugar into the vessel, including 
freight taxes and other taxes of the country of origin of any nature. Normal pilotage, wharfage 
charges, customs fees and similar charges pertaining to the entry or exit of the vessel at loading 
port are for the account of the Receiver. Sugar delivered shall be free and clear of all liens and 
claims of any kind, which shall be warranted by the Deliverer to the Receiver in making the 
delivery. The sugar delivered shall be freely available for export. 
Delivery during  ______________________  to be made FOB and stow aboard Receiver’s 
(trading month) 
nominated vessel in accordance with Rule 11.05. 
Sugar deliverable to be as provided in Rule 11.00(c). Weight and polarization to be 
determined as provided in Rule 11.07 and payment to be made in accordance with Rule 11.08. 
Either party may call for Margin as the variations of the market for like deliveries may 
warrant, which Margin shall be kept good. 
This contract is made in view of, and in all respects subject to, the Rules. 
 ____________________________________ 
 
(Brokers) 
(Across the face is the following) 
For and in consideration of One Dollar ($1.00) to _______________ in hand paid, receipt 
whereof is hereby acknowledged _______________ accept this contract with all its obligations 
and conditions. 
(f) The Receiver shall provide vessels suitable for the carriage of the sugar and contracted for 
under a standard form of Charter Party for Raw Sugar currently in general use in the World Sugar 
Trade at the time of shipment, or a freighting agreement no less favorable to Deliverer than said 
Charter Party. Where the berth(s) to be nominated for loading do not customarily require the use 
of vessel’s winches, derricks/cranes, power and gear to load sugar, the Receiver may request 
agreement of the Deliverer to nominate a gearless vessel which agreement shall not unreasonably 
be withheld. The rights and obligations of the Receiver and the Deliverer including but not 
limited to despatch, demurrage, loading conditions and vessel's responsibility to the cargo will be 
governed by the Charter Party unless both the Receiver and Deliverer agree in writing to other 
terms and conditions. Demurrage and despatch shall be the rates specified in the Charter Party, 
provided, however, that they are commensurate with the prevailing market rate for the size and 


11-5 
type of the vessel at the time of shipment, with despatch to remain at one-half (50%) of the 
demurrage rate. In the event that the Receiver or the Receiver’s eventual FOB buyer has chartered 
the vessel(s) basis a time charter agreement, then the declared demurrage and despatch rates shall 
also be commensurate with the prevailing market rate for the size and type of the vessel at time of 
shipment. 
(i) The Charter Party shall be presumed to be commensurate with prevailing rates unless 
the Deliverer establishes by the weight of the evidence that any such rate is not a prevailing 
market rate as provided in this subparagraph (f). Objections and/or disputes regarding 
demurrage and despatch rates shall not preclude the Obligations of the Receiver and 
Deliverer pursuant to Rule 11.08. 
(ii) In the event the Receiver presents a vessel to load on a part cargo basis, the demurrage 
and despatch rates shall be commensurate with the size and type of the vessel rather than the 
parcel size to be loaded, unless the Deliverer and Receiver mutually agree in writing to other 
terms and conditions. 
(g) Risk of loss shall pass to the Receiver at the time the sugar cross the rail of the vessel and 
title shall pass to the Receiver at the time of effecting payment as provided in Rule 11.08(3). 
Amended by the Board February 28, 2013; effective April 1, 2013 [¶ (d)(i) with the March 2016 
delivery month and all subsequent delivery months thereafter]. 
Amended by the Board October 22, 2014; effective November 10, 2014 [¶(f)]. 
Amended by the Board March 24, 2016; effective April 11, 2016 [¶¶ (c)(i) with the commencing 
of the July ’16 delivery month and all subsequent delivery months thereafter]. 
Rule 11.01. Delivery Months 
Unless the Board directs otherwise, trading shall be limited to sugar deliverable in the delivery 
months of January, March, May, July, and October. Sugar No. 11 Futures Contracts shall not be 
recognized by the Exchange extending beyond a period of thirty-six (36) months, including the 
current month. Trading in a new delivery month shall be initiated at the opening of trading on the 
first (1st) Business Day of the thirty-fifth (35th) month preceding any delivery month. 
Amended by the Board January 25, 2008; effective March 13, 2008. 
Rule 11.02. Size of Contract, Price Fluctuation 
(a) All offers to buy or sell sugar for future delivery unless otherwise specified, shall be 
understood to be for fifty (50) tons of two thousand two hundred forty (2,240) pounds each of raw 
sugar, and offers to buy or sell in larger quantities shall be in multiples thereof. 
(b) All offers to buy or sell sugar for future delivery shall be in cents and decimal fractions of 
a cent, and no Transaction in contracts shall be permitted wherein the difference in price shall 
consist of a fraction smaller than one-hundredth of one cent per pound for each pound of sugar, 
nor shall any additional moneyed consideration whatever be allowed. 
(c) To avoid abnormal price fluctuations of price and injurious speculation incident thereto, 
the Board may, if and to the extent it deems desirable, impose, increase, decrease, change, 
suspend or eliminate limits on daily price fluctuations in contracts for delivery of Sugar No. 11 in 
any month or months, and prescribe the terms and conditions of any such limits. 
Rule 11.03. Reserved 
 


11-6 
Rule 11.04. Contract Binding 
(a) All contracts for the future delivery of sugar shall be binding upon Members and of full 
force and effect until the quantity and quality of the sugar specified in such contract shall have 
been delivered, and the price specified in said contract shall have been paid. No contract shall be 
entered into with any stipulation or understanding between the parties at the time of making such 
contract that the terms of said contract as specified above are not to be fulfilled, or that the sugar 
is not to be delivered and received in accordance with said sections. 
(b) Subject to the prohibition in paragraph (a), the Deliverer and Receiver may enter into a 
mutually acceptable written agreement to deliver and receive under conditions other than those 
stipulated in the Rules. A delivery so made shall be considered complete upon written notification 
by the Deliverer and the Receiver to the Secretary of the Exchange and to the Clearing 
Organization. The making of any such agreement shall relieve the Clearing Organization of any 
further obligations with respect to any Exchange contract involved, and the Deliverer and 
Receiver shall indemnify the Exchange and the Clearing Organization against any liability, cost 
or expense either may incur for any reason as a result of the execution, delivery or performance of 
such contract or such agreement, or any breach thereof or default thereunder. 
Rule 11.05. Readiness of Vessel for Sugar 
(a)(i) Receiver shall nominate to Deliverer in writing, the vessel name and vessel 
characteristics, estimated time of arrival, total quantity to be loaded and demurrage/dispatch rates 
prior to 11:00 A.M. New York Time on a full Business Day at least seven (7) calendar days prior 
to the expected readiness of the vessel at the sugar loading port. After nomination, Receiver shall 
keep Deliverer advised of vessel’s estimated arrival. 
(ii) Notice of Readiness shall be tendered in writing or by electronic transmission to shipper 
and/or vessel agent during local business hours whether in port or not, whether in berth or 
not, whether in free pratique or not. 
(iii) In case vessel’s Notice of Readiness is presented earlier than seven (7) days after 
Receiver has provided Deliverer with such nomination in writing, the Notice of Readiness 
shall become effective and laytime for Deliverer shall commence at the beginning of the first 
(1st) local working period after expiration of the notice period.  
(iv) In case vessel’s Notice of Readiness is tendered after expiration of the seven (7) 
calendar day notice period, the Notice of Readiness shall become effective and laytime shall 
commence from the beginning of the next local working period after tender of vessel’s Notice 
of Readiness. 
 
(v) The Receiver shall have the right to substitute the nominated vessel and such 
substitution shall not be considered as a new nomination provided that the substitute vessel 
tenders its Notice of Readiness no later than five (5) calendar days after the expected Notice 
of Readiness of the original vessel nominated (“Original NOR”). Should the substitute vessel 
tender its Notice of Readiness before the Original NOR then the notice period from the 
original vessel nomination shall apply. Should the substitute vessel tender its Notice of 
Readiness more than five (5) calendar days after the Original NOR it shall be considered to 
be a new nomination made on the date of the substitution if received prior to 11:00AM New 
York time on a full business day or on the next full business day if the substitution is received 
after 11:00AM New York time on a full business day. Should the Receiver nominate a 
greater quantity to be loaded on the substitute vessel then the notice period for the additional 
quantity nominated shall commence on the date of the substitution if received prior to 


11-7 
11:00AM New York time on a full business day or on the next full business day if the 
substitution is received after 11:00AM New York.  
 
(vi) Notwithstanding the above, the Receiver shall have a right to cancel the nomination of 
a vessel prior to its berthing.  
(b) Receiver shall have the sugar vessel ready at load port on any day from the first (1st) 
calendar day of the delivery month to and including the fifteenth (15th) calendar day of the second 
(2nd) succeeding calendar month. 
Amended by the Board March 4, 2008; effective March 13, 2008 [¶¶ (a)(ii) and (iii)]. 
Amended by the Board February 28, 2013; effective April 1, 2013 [[¶¶ (a)(ii) and (a)(vi)]. 
Rule 11.06. Last Trading Day 
(a) The Last Trading Day for each delivery month in the Sugar No. 11 Futures Contract shall 
be the last full trading day of the month preceding the delivery month; provided however, for the 
January futures delivery month, the Last Trading Day shall be the second (2nd) Business Day 
prior to the preceding December 24th. 
(b) After the close of business on the Last Trading Day of any delivery month: 
(i) Each Member holding one (1) or more open sales contracts for that month shall issue a 
"Memo of Deliverer" to the Clearing Organization, not later than the time specified by the 
Clearing Organization, stating for each open sales contract the growth of the sugar (one (1) 
growth or description only for each sales contract) and the delivery port, provided, however, 
that a minimum of eighty (80) contracts shall be stated for each port designated in the Memo 
of Deliverer. 
(ii) Notwithstanding any Rule to the contrary, after the close of trading on the Last Trading 
Day of any sugar delivery month, a Clearing Member shall not carry for its own account or 
the account of any other Person a number of open sales contracts less than eighty (80) in any 
such delivery month. In any case where a Clearing Member carries, for the account of any 
other Person, a number of open sales contracts which is less than eighty (80) on the Last 
Trading Day, the Clearing Member shall, in such manner as it deems appropriate, buy or sell 
the minimum number of contracts necessary, so that the contracts in such account equal at 
least eighty (80) or the account is liquidated. 
(iii) Each Member holding one (1) or more open purchase contracts for that month shall 
issue a "Memo of Receiver" to the Clearing Organization, not later than the time specified by 
the Clearing Organization, stating the total number of open purchase contracts for that month 
(which number shall conform to the unliquidated position on said Member's books) which it 
will be receiving. 
(iv) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this paragraph (b), if a Member transfers 
any contracts after the close of trading in accordance with Rule 4.37(e): 
(A) The failure of such Member to issue a Memo of Deliverer or Memo of Receiver with 
respect to such contracts shall not be deemed a violation of this paragraph (b); 
(B) If any contracts transferred offset any contracts with respect to which the transferee 
had issued a Memo of Deliverer or Memo of Receiver, such Memo shall be deemed 
amended to reflect the deletion of the contracts so offset; and 
(C) If any contracts transferred do not offset any contracts with respect to which the 
transferee had issued a Memo of Deliverer or Memo of Receiver, the transferee shall issue 


11-8 
a Memo of Deliverer or Memo of Receiver with respect thereto by 5:00 p.m. of the 
Business Day following such Last Trading Day. 
(c) The Clearing Organization, after receiving the Receiver's and Deliverer's Memos shall 
issue to each Receiver, before 10:00 a.m. of the following Business Day, (i) a list of all Receivers 
and (ii) a "Multiple Delivery Notice" for the number of contracts reported outstanding. Each 
Multiple Delivery Notice shall state for each growth of sugar listed by each Deliverer: 
(1) the number of contracts; and 
(2) the delivery port from which delivery will occur. 
(d) The notice price for Multiple Delivery Notices issued with respect to any delivery month 
shall be the Settlement Price for said delivery month on the Last Trading Day for that month. 
(e) Receivers, with or without additional consideration, may exchange among themselves any 
of the contracts listed on the Multiple Delivery Notice, at any time up to the day on which the 
Receiver makes the declaration of vessel as per Rule 11.05, by noting such exchange on the face 
of the Multiple Delivery Notice. 
(f) Not later than 3:30 p.m. of the day specified in paragraph (e) of this Rule, each Receiver 
holding a Multiple Delivery Notice shall notify, in writing, each Deliverer and the Clearing 
Organization of the name or names of the Deliverer or Deliverers, the number of contracts, the 
growth of the sugar and the delivery port from which the Receiver will be receiving sugar. 
(g) If the office of a party to whom a Memo of Deliverer, Memo of Receiver, Multiple 
Delivery Notice or other written notice under this Rule is to be given is closed, it shall be 
sufficient to give such document to the Clearing Organization, which shall endorse thereon the 
day and time of receipt. Notice thereof shall be posted on the web site of the Exchange. 
Amended by the Board March 4, 2008; effective March 13, 2008 [¶ (a)]. 
Amended by the Board September 13, 2018; effective September 28, 2018 [¶¶ (b)(i) and (b)(iii)]. 
Rule 11.07. Final Weights and Tests  
(a) Final settlement shall be based upon shipper’s weights and tests determined at loading 
port at the time of loading. Deliverer is to pay all expenses of the weighing, sampling, and testing 
at port of loading which shall be supervised by an internationally recognized and independent 
supervision company selected by the Deliverer. Deliverer shall provide written notification of the 
chosen supervision company to the Receiver at least six (6) days prior to the commencement of 
loading, and in the event of any change to the chosen company shall promptly provide written 
notification of such change to the Receiver. Receiver shall have the right to appoint at his own 
expense an internationally recognized and independent supervision company to attend and 
observe the weighing, sampling, and testing procedures utilized by the Deliverer’s representative 
at the port of loading. 
(b) At loading the Deliverer shall provide satisfactory facilities for weighing which shall be 
done at the time the sugar is being loaded onto the vessel (or onto barge(s) if loading is at 
anchorage). Facilities used for weighing shall have a maximum tolerance of 1/10th of one percent 
(0.10%), and the Deliverer’s supervisor shall satisfy himself that such facilities are tested by 
means of certified check weights at least once in every twenty-four (24) hours. In the event that 
weighbridges are used, the Deliverer’s supervisor shall satisfy himself that such weighbridges are 
frequently tested to assure accuracy; they shall also be tested with certified check weights at least 
once every year. 


11-9 
(c)(i) At loading the Deliverer shall provide satisfactory facilities for sampling, which shall 
be done at the time of weighing. During the progress of sampling, the sugar drawn shall be kept 
in containers approved by, and shall remain under the control of, the Deliverer’s supervisor. 
(ii) Samples shall represent each lot of two thousand (2,000) tons of Deliverer’s sugar 
loaded onto Receiver’s vessel. All samples representing two thousand (2,000) tons of 
Deliverer’s sugar shall be carefully mixed together by the Deliverer’s supervisor so as to 
represent as true an average as possible. Samples shall be of a sufficient quantity to fill at 
least four (4) sealed containers. One (1) such container shall be given to the Deliverer and one 
(1) to the Receiver; two (2) shall be retained by the Deliverer’s supervisor. All samples shall 
be retained for at least two (2) months after the date the commercial invoice is presented by 
the Deliverer in accordance with Rule 11.08(3)(a). If the Receiver has appointed a protecting 
supervision company to attend and observe loading in accordance with paragraph (a) above, 
both the Deliverer and Receiver may separately analyze his sample using a recognized and 
competent laboratory with a proven record of performing acceptable sugar analysis in the 
international sugar trade, and, where the polarizations of the Receiver and Deliverer differ by 
less than point one five (0.15) of a degree, then the mean of the two (2) shall be taken as the 
invoice basis. Where polarizations differ by point one five (0.15) of a degree or more, a third 
sample shall be polarized by an independent chemist with a proven record of performing 
acceptable sugar analysis in the international sugar trade as appointed by both the Deliverer’s 
and Receiver’s supervision companies, the cost of such polarization shall be shared equally 
by the Deliverer and Receiver. In the event that the Deliverer’s and Receiver’s supervision 
companies fail to mutually agree on such chemist, the Sugar Delivery Committee will 
nominate such chemist. The mean of the two (2) nearest polarizations shall be taken as the 
basis for the invoice, but where the middle polarization is equidistant from the other two (2) 
the middle polarization shall be taken as the basis for the invoice. 
Amended by the Board February 7, 2007; effective with the listing of the March 2009 delivery 
month [¶¶ (a)-(c)].  
Amended by the Board February 28, 2013; effective April 1, 2013 [¶¶ (a) and (c)(ii)]. 
Rule 11.08. Obligations of the Receiver and Deliverer 
(1) Obligations of the Receiver: 
(a) Receiver shall name the destination of the sugar to Deliverer as soon as reasonably 
possible, but in any event prior to clearance from loading port, unless sooner required by country 
of origin. 
(b) Receiver shall give Deliverer complete documentary instructions not later than five (5) 
days prior to vessel's arrival at loading port. The Receiver has the right to request specific 
language and wording in the description of the sugar which, unless it is unreasonable, shall be 
provided by the Deliverer. In the event agreement of such wording cannot be reached, then the 
description "sound raw centrifugal cane sugar in bulk" shall be used. The burden of proving 
unreasonableness rests with the Deliverer. Forms acceptable at the port of destination, if required, 
shall be supplied by Receiver. Deliverer shall have shipping documents made on similar forms as 
soon as shipment is complete. Bills of lading shall be drawn to order or to order for shipper and 
signed by the Master or vessel's agent. 
(c) Receiver shall be responsible for the release of the bills of lading to Deliverer or his agent 
at loading port within twenty-four (24) hours of completion of loading. Receiver's failure to 
comply with this provision shall make him liable to Deliverer for proven damages. 


11-10 
(d) Receiver shall supply Deliverer with a copy of the Charter Party or freighting agreement 
as promptly as possible. At any time after nomination of vessel and before delivery of the Charter 
Party or freighting agreement, any information relating thereto shall be given to Deliverer upon 
his request. 
(e) Receiver shall be responsible for additional expenses incurred by reason of documentary 
requests beyond bills of lading, certificate of origin and commercial invoices. All consular 
charges of the country of destination shall be for the account of Receiver. Delays or extraordinary 
expenses incurred owing to the absence of or distant location of consuls from port of shipment 
shall be for account of Receiver. 
(f) Marine and War Risk Insurance on the usual full Lloyd's conditions to cover payment of 
losses as interest may appear, payable in U.S. dollars or other freely convertible currency, shall be 
covered by Receiver at his expense. Satisfactory evidence of such coverage must be given by 
Receiver to Deliverer at least five (5) calendar days prior to commencement of loading of 
nominated vessel. In the event satisfactory evidence of coverage is not provided, Deliverer may 
secure Marine and War Risk Insurance coverage. If a review by an Exchange Arbitration Panel 
supports Deliverer's opinion that satisfactory evidence of such coverage was not available to 
Deliverer five (5) days prior to the commencement of loading of nominated vessel, then 
Deliverer's Marine and War Risk Insurance expenses shall be for the account of Receiver. 
(g) Receiver shall make settlement promptly with Deliverer, in U.S. Currency, for despatch 
earned at the loading port within sixty (60) days from the Bills of Lading date. 
(h) Sugar shall not be stowed in refrigerator hatches, hallways, hatchways, bunker space, 
deep tanks or other unusual places unless requested in writing by Receiver. All extra expenses 
shall be for the account of Receiver and Deliverer shall also be allowed additional lay time for 
loading in such places. 
(i) Any sums payable with respect to any sugar delivered under an Exchange contract as 
contributions to the Stock Financing Fund established under the International Sugar Agreement 
shall be for the account of the Receiver. 
(2) Obligations of the Deliverer: 
(a)(i) Once the Notice of Readiness has become effective in accordance with Rule 11.05, the 
Deliverer shall nominate one (1) or two (2) safe berths, as per the Charter Party Agreement (or 
safe anchorages where Deliverer may load by lighter). At the same time, the Deliverer shall 
nominate the quantity to be loaded at each berth/anchorage nominated. Deliverer thereafter may 
nominate alternate berth(s) for Receiver’s vessel or amend the quantity to be loaded at each 
berth/anchorage by agreement between the Deliverer and the Receiver, such agreement not to be 
unreasonably withheld. 
(ii) Once Notice of Readiness becomes effective, the vessel shall be berthed (or anchored) 
and Deliverer shall commence loading. If vessel congestion at loading berth or anchorage 
prevents the vessel from berthing (or anchoring), vessel must wait its turn in berth. Berthing 
priority (at the nominated berth) shall be determined based upon the effective Notice of 
Readiness unless the custom of the port provides differently.  The burden of proving such 
custom rests with the Deliverer. 
(iii) The loading rate of four thousand (4,000) long tons per weather working day 
(stevedoring holidays excluded) shall apply for despatch and demurrage purposes provided 
the vessel is capable of receiving at this rate, and provided the vessel has a minimum of four 
(4) hatches available and accessible, according to the custom of the loading port. If less than 


11-11 
four (4) hatches are available and accessible, or if the vessel is otherwise incapable of being 
loaded at the aforesaid loading rate, the loading rate shall be reduced proportionately. 
(iv) Following the expiration of lay time for the declared vessel, the Deliverer shall pay (in 
addition to demurrage) a daily fee to the Receiver equal to a percentage of demurrage at the 
Charter Party rate while the vessel remains on demurrage in accordance with the following 
schedule: 
the 1st period of 15 days: 
0% of the daily demurrage rate 
the 2nd period of 15 days: 
50% of the daily demurrage rate 
for all days thereafter:  
100% of the daily demurrage rate 
Where there is more than one (1) Shipper/Deliverer, whether via the Exchange or not, with no 
undue delays attributable to any one (1) party, the results of the lay time calculation (time 
saved or time lost) shall be shared on a pro-rata basis in proportion to the tonnage shipped by 
each as a fraction of the total shipped. 
However, where it can clearly be shown by reference to the official Statement of Facts, or 
other reliable evidence, that one (1) or more party/parties was/were responsible for a loss of 
time out of reasonable proportion to their co-shippers then they alone shall be responsible for 
such loss of time and any costs are all consequences arising therefrom. 
It is understood that this may result in the party/parties responsible for such undue loss of 
time incurring demurrage while their co-shippers may earn dispatch. 
(b) Deliverer shall deliver at a loading port berth or anchorage in the country of origin; 
however, in the case of landlocked countries, delivery shall be made at a berth or anchorage in the 
customary port of export. Further, in the case of the port of Bangkok, Thailand*, Deliverer shall 
deliver at no more than two (2) loading facilities within that port. 
(c) Deliverer shall endeavor to provide the Receiver with the opportunity to sample the sugar 
intended to be delivered prior to its loading but without commitment as to the actual sugar to be 
supplied at the time of loading. 
(d) The port nominated by Deliverer must be capable of providing a berth or anchorage that 
will enable vessels drawing thirty (30) feet salt water and with length overall of up to 190 meters 
to proceed to and depart from such berth or anchorage always safely afloat. However, if permitted 
by vessel's draft, a berth of less than thirty (30) feet salt water and/or length overall may be 
provided. 
(e) Deliverer shall make settlement with Receiver, in U.S. Currency, for demurrage incurred 
at the loading port within sixty (60) days from the Bills of Lading date. 
(f) Deliverer guarantees that sugar delivered hereunder shall be free of restriction with respect 
to usage at destination. No restrictions as to destination of the sugar may be imposed by Deliverer 
except as provided in Sugar Rule 11.08(5). 
(3) Settlements: 
(a) Deliverer shall furnish: 
(i) Full set of clean on-board bills of lading drawn to order or order of shipper and endorsed 
in negotiable form. 
 
* See Sugar Resolution No. 4. 


11-12 
(ii) Commercial invoice for one hundred percent (100%) of the value of the sugar, basis 
actual polarization at the notice price. 
(iii) Unless otherwise mutually agreed, Weight and Test Certificates issued by the 
Deliverer’s appointed supervisor in accordance with the terms of Rule 11.07. 
(iv) Certificate of origin. 
(b) Upon presentation by Deliverer in New York of the required documents for all of a cargo 
loaded on-board Receiver's vessel by such Deliverer, Receiver shall pay for the sugar at the 
invoice price as provided in (a)(ii), without any setoff or deduction whatsoever, between the 
hours of 10:00 A.M. and 3:00 P.M., within two (2) hours after presentation by the Deliverer 
which shall be no later than 1:00 P.M. Unless otherwise mutually agreed, payment shall be made 
by wire transfer in same day funds. 
(c)(i) At the time Deliverer furnishes bills of lading pursuant to paragraph (a)(i) of this Rule, 
the Deliverer shall so notify the Clearing Organization in writing, with a copy of such notice 
concurrently furnished to the Receiver.  
(ii) At the time Receiver makes payment for sugar pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Rule, 
the Receiver shall so notify the Clearing Organization, with a copy of such notice 
concurrently furnished to the Deliverer.  
(iii) Upon receipt by the Clearing Organization of notice from both the Deliverer and the 
Receiver that pro forma or final settlement has been made, the net amount of any variation 
margin that has been paid to either party from the date of issuance of the Delivery Notice 
shall be collected from such party by the Clearing Organization and paid to the other party.  
 (4) The original bills of lading shall be presented by Deliverer in New York on a full banking 
day (whether or not an Exchange Holiday) together with the other necessary documents pursuant 
to subparagraphs 3(a) and (b) promptly but in no event later than twenty (20) days after vessel's 
clearance of loading port. Deliverer shall be responsible for proven damages to Receiver resulting 
from failure to present such documents as herein provided. 
(5) Receiver guarantees to Deliverer: 
(a) That no sugar received under this contract will be used in country of origin. (Except in the 
case of sugar delivered of United States origin.) 
(b) That if the sugar originated in a country which, at the time of delivery, is subject to any of 
the tariff quotas and preferential agreements referred to in Commission Regulation (EC) No. 
950/2006 of 28 June 2006 (Official Journal of the European Union No. L178 of 1.7.2006) as 
amended from time to time, it will not be shipped to any of the states of the European Union. 
(c) That if the sugar be the product of a country that is a member of the European Union, such 
sugar will not be shipped to any other member country of the European Union. 
 
(d) That if the sugar be the product of a country (other than the United States) that is a party 
to the CAFTA-DR (Dominican Republic-Central America FTA) agreement (“CAFTA”), such 
sugar will not be shipped to the United States under a CAFTA tariff rate quota. 
(6) In the event a Receiver requests a document from a Deliverer which is not required to be 
provided under the Sugar No. 11 delivery rules and it is possible that such document may be 
obtained by the Deliverer, the Deliverer shall provide the requested document at the earliest 
possible date and at a cost to the Receiver which is not to exceed the cost incurred by the 
Deliverer in obtaining the document per the custom of the trade. 
Amended by the Board February 7, 2007; effective with the listing of the March 2009 delivery 
month [¶ (3)]. 


11-13 
Amended by the Board July 11, 2007; effective July 13, 2007 [¶ (5)(c)]. 
Amended by the Board February 28, 2013; effective April 1, 2013 [(2)(a)(i) through (2)(a)(iv)]. 
Amended by the Board October 22, 2014; effective November 10, 2014 [¶¶ (5)(a) through (c)]. 
Adopted by the Board March 22, 2018; effective April 5, 2018 with the March 2019 delivery 
month [¶(5)(d)]. 
Rule 11.09. Arbitration of Disputes 
(a) Any delivery dispute arising between Members under a Sugar No. 11 Futures Contract 
traded on the Exchange shall be settled by arbitration in accordance with the provisions of this 
Rule. 
(b) Expedited Arbitration – For the purposes of this Rule, the term “Expedited Arbitration” 
shall mean a dispute arising out of circumstances occurring at or near the time for delivery, where 
a rapid determination as to whether and on what terms a Deliverer and Receiver must make 
and/or take delivery is necessary in order to minimize disruption in the delivery process.  
Expedited Arbitrations shall be conducted as follows: 
(i) The Claimant shall notify the Exchange of its request for an Expedited Arbitration 
within three (3) Business Days of the date on which such Member becomes aware of the facts 
constituting the dispute (hereinafter referred to as the “Notice”).  Said Member shall be 
deemed to have waived his rights under paragraph (b) of this Rule, without prejudice to any 
other rights or remedies at law or under any other provisions of the Rules, if Claimant does 
not so notify the Exchange. 
(ii) Each Notice filed pursuant to subparagraph (i) hereof shall be accompanied by a non-
refundable check payable to the Exchange in the amount of one thousand dollars ($1,000).  
 (iii) Upon receipt by the Exchange of the Notice, the Exchange shall forward one (1) copy 
of said Notice to all interested parties. 
(iv) A Special Arbitration Committee of three (3) disinterested members of the Sugar 
Delivery Committee shall be appointed by the Chairman of the Board within one (1) Business 
Day, or as soon thereafter as possible, of the Exchange's receipt of the Notice. The Special 
Arbitration Committee shall establish the date, time and place for a hearing. Each Special 
Arbitration Committee shall determine the procedures to be followed in any hearing before it, 
except that the following shall apply in every case: 
(A) each of the parties shall be entitled to appear personally at the hearings; 
(B) each of the parties, at his own expense, shall have the right to be represented by counsel 
in any aspect of the proceeding; 
(C) each of the parties shall be entitled to (1) prepare and present all relevant facts in 
support of the Claims and grievances, defenses or counterclaims which arise out of the 
Transaction or occurrence that is the subject matter of the Claim or grievance and does not 
require for its arbitration the presence of third (3rd) parties of whom the Exchange cannot 
acquire jurisdiction and to present rebuttal evidence to such Claims or grievances, defenses or 
counterclaims made by the other parties, (2) examine the other parties, (3) examine any 
witnesses appearing at the hearing, and (4) examine all relevant documents presented in 
connection with the Claim or grievance, or any defense or counterclaim applicable thereto; 
(D) the formal rules of evidence shall not apply; 


11-14 
(E) no verbatim record shall be made of the proceedings, unless requested by a party who 
shall bear the cost of such record. If such a request is made, a stenographic transcript shall be 
taken, but not transcribed unless requested by a party who shall bear the cost of such 
transcription. 
(F) Ex parte contacts by any of the parties with members of the Special Arbitration 
Committee shall not be permitted. 
(G) The Special Arbitration Committee shall have the power, on the request of any party or 
on its own motion, to require any Person to testify and/or produce documentary evidence in 
the proceedings as and to the extent provided for in Rule 21.04. 
(v) In the case where a Deliverer is determined to be in default by the Special Arbitration 
Committee then: 
(A) where the settlement price (to be the price for Raw Sugar at the place of default, which 
represents the value of such sugar on the day for which the price is determined) determined 
by the Special Arbitration Committee is higher than the price stated on the Multiple Delivery 
Notice, the Deliverer shall be required to pay to the Receiver named on the Multiple Delivery 
Notice, the difference between the settlement price determined by the Special Arbitration 
Committee and the price stated on the Multiple Delivery Notice; 
(B) where the settlement price determined by the Special Arbitration Committee is lower 
than the price stated on the Multiple Delivery Notice, the Receiver who received such 
Multiple Delivery Notice shall be required to pay to the Deliverer the difference between the 
settlement price determined by the Special Arbitration Committee and the price stated on the 
Multiple Delivery Notice. 
(vi) In the case where a Receiver is determined to be in default by the Special Arbitration 
Committee then: 
(A) where the settlement price determined by the Special Arbitration Committee is higher 
than the price stated on the Multiple Delivery Notice received by such Receiver, the Deliverer 
named on the Multiple Delivery Notice shall be required to pay to the Receiver the difference 
between the settlement price as determined by the Special Arbitration Committee and the 
price stated on the Multiple Delivery Notice; 
(B) where the settlement price determined by the Special Arbitration Committee is lower 
than the price stated in the Multiple Delivery Notice received by such Receiver, the Receiver 
shall be required to pay to the Deliverer named on the Multiple Delivery Notice the 
difference between the settlement price determined by the Special Arbitration Committee and 
the price stated on the Multiple Delivery Notice. 
(vii) The Special Arbitration Committee shall render its award in writing adjudging which, 
if any, party is in default, declaring the settlement price, awarding the amount of money, if 
any, to be paid by the party in default, and granting any further remedy or relief which it 
deems just and equitable, which may include the award of money in an amount which 
exceeds the amounts to be paid pursuant to subparagraphs (v) and (vi) of this Rule. The 
award of the Special Arbitration Committee shall be final and binding upon each of the 
parties to the arbitration, and judgment upon such award may be entered by any court having 
jurisdiction.  In addition, any award, if not complied with within the time specified in the 
award, shall be enforceable by disciplinary proceedings pursuant to the Rules. 
(viii) The payment as prescribed above shall be made without any setoff or deduction 
whatsoever by the close of business on the second (2nd) Business Day after notification in 
writing of the Special Arbitration Committee's award. Payment and settlement of any default 


11-15 
as determined above shall be effected through the President. Such payment shall be accepted 
as final payment, provided the net amount of any variation Margins paid to either party in 
respect of the contracts with respect to which such payment is made from the time the 
Multiple Delivery Notice for such contracts was issued shall be collected from such party by 
the Clearing Organization and paid to the other party. 
(ix) The parties to an expedited arbitration shall pay each individual appointed to the 
Special Arbitration Committee at the rate of $500 per day.  In each such matter, the Exchange 
shall determine the amount of time for which the Special Arbitration Committee is 
compensated and the Special Arbitration Committee shall determine the proportion in which 
such compensation shall be paid by each of the parties. 
(c) Regular Arbitration – For the purposes of this Rule, the term “Regular Arbitration” shall 
mean a Sugar No. 11 Futures Contract delivery dispute which does not qualify as an Expedited 
Arbitration under paragraph of this Rule.  Regular Arbitrations shall be conducted in accordance 
with the Arbitration Rules of Chapter 20, except that: 
(i) the dispute may be decided on the papers, supporting documents, affidavits and other 
materials submitted to the Exchange in accordance with the procedures set forth in Rule 
20.03(a)(ix), if all of the parties agree to such procedure, provided that, notwithstanding such 
agreement, the Chairman of the Arbitration Committee or his designee, in his sole discretion, 
may require that a hearing be held; 
(ii) the arbitration panel shall be comprised of three (3) arbitrators and have outside counsel 
appointed by the Chairman of the Arbitration Committee, provided that the Chairman of the 
Arbitration Committee or the arbitration panel appointed to hear and determine the matter 
may decide that outside counsel is not necessary; and 
(iii) the decision of the arbitration panel shall be contained in writing and shall reflect the 
panel’s reasoning. 
Amended by the Board July 11, 2007; effective July 16, 2007 [¶¶ (a)-(c)]. 
Amended by the Board September 10, 2008; effective September 15, 2008 [¶ (c)(ii)]. 
Amended by the Board July 15, 2015; effective August 17, 2015 [ ¶¶(b)(ii) and (b)(x)] 
Amended by the Board March 24, 2016; effective April 11, 2016 [¶¶ (g) through (c) with the 
commencing of the March ’17 delivery month and all subsequent delivery months thereafter]. 
Rule 11.10. Force Majeure 
Definition 
(a) For purposes of this Rule, Force Majeure is defined as government intervention, war, 
strikes, rebellion, insurrection, civil commotion, fire, act of God, or any other such cause beyond 
a party's control. 
Deliverer Force Majeure 
(b) If a Deliverer is prevented from delivering at the port designated in the contract within the 
contract period by a Force Majeure situation, he shall immediately notify the Receiver and the 
Exchange, in writing, of such fact and of the quantity so affected. Within one (1) Business Day of 
the cessation of a Force Majeure situation, the Deliverer shall notify the Receiver and the 
Exchange, in writing, of such fact. 
(c) As soon as a Force Majeure situation has ceased, the Deliverer shall guarantee the 
Receiver time within which to receive delivery of either (i) the remainder of the contract period or 
(ii) thirty (30) calendar days, whichever is greater. However, if the Deliverer fails to notify the 


11-16 
Receiver of the cessation of the Force Majeure situation by 5:00 p.m. of the last day of the 
original delivery period or if another Force Majeure situation shall occur during any delivery 
period extended beyond the original delivery period as described above, a financial settlement 
shall be made between the Deliverer and the Receiver, but the Deliverer shall not be liable for 
damages. 
Receiver Force Majeure 
(d) If a Receiver is prevented from accepting delivery within the contract period by a Force 
Majeure situation, he shall immediately notify the Deliverer and the Exchange, in writing, of such 
fact. The period for accepting delivery shall thereafter be extended by thirty (30) calendar days 
from the date of the issuance of the Receiver's notice of a Force Majeure situation. If the Receiver 
fails to accept delivery for any reason (whether or not involving Force Majeure) within said thirty 
(30) calendar day period, he shall be in default. 
Settlement 
(e) The basis for settlement under paragraph (c) above shall be as follows: 
 (i) The Receiver shall sell to the Deliverer sugar equal to the amount stated in the notice 
letter as required in paragraph (b) above. 
(ii) The Deliverer and the Receiver shall enter into a settlement at a price for raw sugar at 
the place of default which represents the value of such sugar on the day for which the price is 
determined as established by a Special Arbitration Committee convened pursuant to Rule 
11.09(c). 
(iii) Any settlement shall be made on or before the second Business Day after the expiration 
of either (i) the contract period or (ii) thirty (30) calendar days after notice of termination of 
the Force Majeure situation, whichever is greater. 
Arbitration 
(f) A Member who has received a Force Majeure situation notice under this Rule may, within 
three (3) Business Days of receipt of such notice, commence proceedings under Rule 11.09 in 
order to resolve any dispute he may have arising from a Claim of Force Majeure. 
(g) The President shall, as soon as is reasonably possible after receipt of such a demand, 
cause to be appointed and convene a Special Arbitration Committee, which, acting pursuant to 
Rule 11.09, will as soon as possible hear evidence on the issue of the existence of a Force 
Majeure situation as defined by this Rule. The Special Arbitration Committee shall issue an 
award stating whether or not such Force Majeure situation has been found to exist. 
Rule 11.11. Memo of Deliverer 
As of 5:00 P.M. on the day a Deliverer issues any Memo of Deliverer to the Clearing 
Organization, the port designated in such Memo of Deliverer must be free of conditions which 
would prohibit the possible loading and clearance of vessels carrying sugar, and there must exist 
no circumstance of the type described in the first (1st) paragraph of Rule 11.10(a) which would 
prevent delivery in compliance with the Rules of the sugar referred to in such Memo of Deliverer. 
In the event that any such condition or circumstance shall come into existence with respect to the 
sugar covered by any Memo of Deliverer at any time after 5:00 P.M. on the day such Memo of 
Deliverer was issued to the Clearing Organization, any Receiver to whom the Clearing 
Organization assigns and delivers a Multiple Delivery Notice shall be obligated to accept the 
same, and shall not have any Claim against either the Deliverer or the Clearing Organization as a 
result of the existence of such condition or circumstance. 


11-17 
Rule 11.12. Orders Subject to Exchange By-Laws and Rules 
All orders given to or received by a Member shall in all respects be subject to and in 
accordance with the Rules; and all Transactions in Sugar No. 11 for future delivery shall be in 
accordance with the Rules and prescribed form of contract. 
Rule 11.13. Reserved. 
Rule 11.14. Reported Sales 
The reported sales for each month, as made each day from the opening of the Exchange until 
its closing, shall be taken as the full day's report. 


11-18 
 
SUGAR OPTIONS 
Rule 11.21. Option—Forms 
(a) All Sugar Call Options shall be in the following form: 
SUGAR CALL OPTION 
New York, N.Y. _____________20__ 
_____________ (the Grantor) hereby grants to _______________ (the Purchaser) an Option 
to enter into one (1) Sugar No. 11 Futures Contract on the ICE Futures U.S.®, Inc.  to purchase 
sugar for delivery in __________ (the delivery month of the Option's Underlying Futures 
Contract) at a price of ________ cents per pound (the Strike Price). 
The Purchaser hereby agrees to pay a Premium of $_________________ for this Option. 
This Option is, and any Exchange Futures Contract resulting from its exercise shall be, made 
in view of, and in all respects subject to, the Rules of the Exchange, of the Clearing Organization, 
and of any successor to either of them, as adopted or amended from time to time. 
(b) All Sugar Put Options shall be in the following form: 
SUGAR PUT OPTION 
New York, N.Y. _____________20__  
_____________ (the Grantor) hereby grants to _______________ (the Purchaser) an Option 
to enter into one (1) Sugar No. 11 Futures Contract on the ICE Futures U.S.®, Inc. to sell sugar 
for delivery in __________ (the delivery month of the Option's Underlying Futures Contract) at a 
price of ________ cents per pound (the Strike Price). 
The Purchaser hereby agrees to pay a premium of $_________________ for this Option. 
This Option is, and any Exchange Futures Contract resulting from its exercise shall be, made 
in view of, and in all respects subject to, the Rules of the Exchange, of the Clearing Organization, 
and of any successor to either of them, as adopted or amended from time to time. 
 (c) Sugar Options shall not be transferred, assigned or otherwise disposed of other than on 
the Exchange, subject to the Rules and to the Clearing Organization Rules. 


11-19 
Rule 11.22. Trading Months 
(1) Monthly Options: 
(a) Except as the Board may from time to time prescribe otherwise, Sugar Options shall be 
traded with respect to Option Months determined in accordance with the following: 
(i) Trading shall be conducted in an Option traded on the March futures which shall expire 
the preceding December, an Option traded on the March futures which shall expire the 
preceding February, an Option traded on the May futures which shall expire the preceding 
April, an Option traded on the July futures which shall expire the preceding June, and an 
Option traded on the October futures which shall expire the preceding September hereinafter 
referred to as the "Regular Option Months"; and 
(ii) Trading shall also be conducted in an Option traded on the March futures which shall 
expire in January, an Option traded on the May futures which shall expire in March, an 
Option traded on the July futures which shall expire in May, an Option traded on the October 
futures which shall expire in July, an Option traded on the October futures which shall expire 
in August, an Option traded on the March futures which shall expire in October, and an 
Option traded on the March futures which shall expire in November hereinafter referred to as 
the "Serial Option Months." 
(b) If trading has commenced in the Underlying Futures Contract, a new Option shall be 
listed for trading as follows: 
(i) a new Regular Option Month shall be listed for trading on the first (1st) trading day 
following the first (1st) trading day for the Underlying Futures Contract month, and 
(ii) a new Serial Option Month shall be listed for trading on the first (1st) trading day of the 
third (3rd) calendar month preceding the month in which such Serial Option shall expire.  
(2) Weekly Options: 
(a) Except as the Board may from time to time prescribe otherwise, up to three Weekly Sugar 
Options contracts shall be listed for trading at any time:  a Weekly Option expiring in the first 
week of the calendar month, a Weekly Option expiring in the second week of the calendar month, 
a Weekly Option expiring in the third week of the calendar month, a Weekly option expiring in 
the fourth week of the calendar month, and a Weekly Option expiring in the fifth week of the 
calendar month.  The Underlying Future Contract for each Weekly Sugar Options Contract shall 
be the same as the Underlying Future Contract of the first Regular or Serial Option Month that 
has not yet reached its Last Trading Day as of the Last Trading Day of the Weekly Option. 
(b) A new Weekly Option contract shall be listed for trading on the first trading day 
following the Last Trading Day of an expiring Weekly Option contract. 
Amended by the Board March 4, 2008; effective March 14, 2008 [¶ (a)]. 
Amended by the Board January 14, 2009; effective January 28, 2009 [¶¶ (a)(i) and (a)(ii)]. 
Amended by the Board December 15, 2011; effective February 6, 2012 [¶¶ (1) and (2)(a) and (b)]. 
Amended by the Board May 4, 2022; effective May 20, 2022 [¶¶ (b)(ii)]. 
Rule 11.23. Last Trading Day 
(a) The Last Trading Day for any Regular or Serial Option Month shall be the fifteenth (15th) 
calendar day of the calendar month in which such Regular or Serial Option expires; provided, 
however, that in the event the Exchange is closed on such day, then the Last Trading Day shall be 
the next succeeding Business Day. 


11-20 
(b) The Last Trading Day for any Weekly Option contract shall be the Friday of the week in 
which the Weekly Option is scheduled to expire.  If such Friday is not an Exchange Business 
Day, then the Last Trading Day shall be the first preceding Business Day.  In the event that the 
Last Trading Day for a Weekly Option is also the Last Trading Day for a Regular or Serial 
Option Month, then that Weekly Option contract shall not be listed for trading. 
Amended by the Board March 4, 2008; effective March 14, 2008 [¶ (b) March 2009 and 
subsequent delivery months]. 
Amended by the Board January 14, 2009; effective January 28, 2009. 
Amended by the Board December 15, 2011; effective February 6, 2012 [¶ (b)]. 
Rule 11.24. Strike Prices 
(a) Trading shall only be conducted in Regular or Serial or Weekly Options having Strike 
Prices determined in accordance with this Rule. 
(b) The Strike Prices of Options that are listed for trading shall be at levels (the "prescribed 
levels") set in intervals (the "prescribed intervals") of one-quarter cent ($.0025). 
(c) The Exchange may list such Strike Prices as the Exchange may from time to time 
determine.  In addition, at the time Sugar Options for any Regular Option Month are first (1st) 
listed for trading pursuant to Rule 11.22, they shall be listed with at least seven (7) Strike Prices 
at intervals specified in paragraph (b) above for Puts and Calls. The first (1st) Strike Price will be 
set at the prescribed level equal to the Settlement Price for the Underlying Futures Contract on the 
previous trading day, or if such Settlement Price is not equal to any such prescribed level, then at 
the next prescribed level above such Settlement Price. The other six (6) Strike Prices shall be at 
each of the three (3) prescribed levels next above and the three (3) prescribed levels next below 
the first (1st) Strike Price. At the time Sugar Options for any Serial Option Month or Weekly 
Option contract are first listed for trading pursuant to Rule 11.22, they shall be listed with all the 
Strike Prices of the next Regular Option Month with an expiration subsequent to the Serial 
Option or Weekly Option. 
Amended by the Board on March 26, 2008; effective March 28, 2008 [¶ (b)(i)]. 
Amended by the Board December 15, 2011; effective February 6, 2012 [¶¶ (a) and (c)(i)]. 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2023; effective April 20, 2023 [¶¶ (b) and (c)]. 
Rule 11.25. Premium Quotations 
Premiums shall be quoted in cents and hundredths of a cent per pound. The minimum 
fluctuation in Premiums shall be $.0001 per pound, except that Trades may occur at a price of 
$1.00 per Option Contract if such Trades result in the liquidation of Positions for both parties to 
the Trade. 
Rule 11.26. Obligations of Option Purchasers 
(a) The Purchaser which clears a Sugar Option shall pay in full the Premium to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with the Clearing Organization Rules. 
(b) The Purchaser of a Sugar Option shall, upon exercising such Option in accordance with 
the Rules, enter into an Underlying Futures Contract to buy (in the case of a Call) or to sell (in the 
case of a Put) sugar for delivery in the Regular or Serial Option Month's Underlying Futures 
Contract, at the Strike Price specified in such Option; provided, however, that any such contract 
entered into upon exercise shall be entered into for the account of the Person having purchased 
the Sugar Option. 


11-21 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2023; effective June 1, 2023 [¶¶ (a) and (b)]. 
Rule 11.27. Obligations of Option Grantors 
(a) The Grantor which clears a Sugar Option shall make such Margin deposits as the Clearing 
Organization may require. 
(b) The Grantor of a Sugar Option shall, upon being assigned an Exercise Notice in 
accordance with the Clearing Organization Rules, enter into an Underlying Futures Contract to 
sell (in the case of a Call) or to buy (in the case of a Put) sugar for delivery in the Regular or 
Serial Option Month's Underlying Futures Contract, at the Strike Price specified in such Option; 
provided, however, that any such contract entered into upon assignment of an Exercise Notice 
shall be entered into for the account of the Person having granted the Sugar Option. 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2023; effective June 1, 2023 [¶¶ (a) and (b)]. 
Rule 11.28. Effect of Clearance 
Upon acceptance of a Sugar Option by the Clearing Organization, the Clearing Organization 
shall be substituted as, and assume the position of, the Purchaser to the Clearing Member which is 
the Grantor and the position of the Grantor to the Clearing Member which is the Purchaser; and 
thereupon the Clearing Organization shall have all the rights and obligations with respect to such 
option as the parties for which it is substituted. 
Rule 11.29. Expiration and Exercise of Options 
(a) The Purchaser must receive from its Customer which intends to exercise a Sugar Option 
on the Last Trading Day, notification of such intention not later than 3:00 p.m. on such day. In 
order for a Purchaser to exercise a Sugar Option for its own account on the Last Trading Day it 
must have done so or have made a determination to do so not later than 3:00 p.m. on such day. 
The Purchaser must make and maintain a record of all notices received and all determinations 
made pursuant to this Rule, and such record must show by time stamp or otherwise the date and 
time of receipt or making. 
(b) The Purchaser of a Sugar Option may exercise such Option on any Business Day by 
giving an Exercise Notice, in the form prescribed by the Clearing Organization, to the Clearing 
Organization no later than 5:00 p.m. Such Notice shall be effective upon the opening of Sugar 
No. 11 futures trading on the Business Day following the day of receipt by the Clearing 
Organization. An Exercise Notice with respect to a Sugar Option purchased on the day such 
Notice is given shall not be effective unless such Option has been accepted by the Clearing 
Organization. An Exercise Notice which is given with respect to an Option which is not accepted 
by the Clearing Organization shall be deemed withdrawn by the Purchaser. 
(c) If an Exercise Notice is given, the Purchaser shall deposit Original Margin for the 
Underlying Futures Contract with the Clearing Organization at such time as may be required by 
the Clearing Organization. 
(d) Upon exercise of each Sugar Option, notification thereof shall be given to the Option 
Grantor. 


11-22 
Rule 11.30. Automatic Exercise Levels for Sugar Options 
After the close on the Last Trading Day in the Sugar Options Contract, the Clearing 
Organization will automatically exercise any open long Option that has a Strike Price below (in 
the case of a Call Option) or above (in the case of a Put Option) the Settlement Price of the 
Underlying Futures Contract on that day by an amount which equals or exceeds the minimum 
price increment permitted under the Rules for the Underlying Futures Contract, unless, before 
5:00 p.m. on the Last Trading Day, the Clearing Member carrying such Option gives the Clearing 
Organization written instructions that any such Option is to expire unexercised. 
 


11-23 
OPTIONS ON SUGAR NO. 11 FUTURES SPREADS 
 
Rule 11.40. Scope of Chapter 
 
(a) A Transaction involving Options to enter into Sugar No. 11 calendar Spread Futures 
Contracts on the Exchange shall be referred to as either a “Sugar Spread Option” or “SSO”. 
 
(b) A Sugar Put Spread Option represents an Option to assume a short Position in the first 
(1st) expiring Sugar No. 11 Futures Contract in the spread and a long Position in the second (2nd) 
expiring Sugar No. 11 Futures Contract in the spread traded on the Exchange. A Sugar Call 
Spread Option represents an Option to assume a long Position in the first (1st) expiring Sugar No. 
11 Futures Contract in the spread and a short Position in the second (2nd) expiring Sugar No. 11 
Futures Contract in the spread traded on the Exchange. 
 
(c) For the purposes of this Chapter, unless otherwise noted herein, the following terms shall 
have the following meanings: 
 
(i) the term “Spread Price” shall mean the mathematical result of subtracting the price of 
the second (2nd) delivery month of the Underlying Futures Contract in the SSO from the price 
of the first (1st) delivery month of the Underlying Futures Contract in the SSO; and 
 
(ii) the term “Settlement Spread Price” shall mean the mathematical result of subtracting 
the Settlement Price of the second (2nd) delivery month of the Underlying Futures Contract in 
the SSO from the Settlement Price of the first (1st) delivery month of the Underlying Futures 
Contract in the SSO.    
 
Rule 11.41. Option – Forms 
 
(a) All Sugar Call Spread Options shall be in the following form: 
 
SUGAR CALL SPREAD OPTION 
 
New York, N.Y. __________20__ 
 
_____________ (the Grantor) hereby grants to _______________ (the Purchaser) a spread 
Option to enter into one Sugar No. 11 futures spread on ICE Futures U.S.®, Inc. to purchase sugar 
for delivery in __________ (the first (1st) delivery month in the Option’s Underlying Futures 
Contract of the spread) and to sell sugar for delivery in __________ (the second (2nd) delivery 
month in the Option’s Underlying Futures Contract of the spread) at a Spread Price of _________ 
cents per pound (the Strike Price of the SSO). 
 
The Purchaser hereby agrees to pay a Premium of $___________ for this SSO. 
 
This SSO is, and any Exchange Futures Contracts resulting from its exercise shall be, made in 
view of, and in all respects subject to, the Rules of ICE Futures U.S.®, Inc., of the Clearing 
Organization, and of any successor to either of them, as adopted or amended from time to time. 
 
(b) All Sugar Put Spread Options shall be in the following form: 
 
SUGAR PUT SPREAD OPTION 
 
New York, N.Y._________20__ 
 


11-24 
_______________ (the Grantor) hereby grants to _______________ (the Purchaser) a spread 
Option to enter into one Sugar No. 11 futures spread ICE Futures U.S.®, Inc. to sell sugar for 
delivery in ___________ (the first (1st) delivery month of the Option’s Underlying Futures 
Contract of the spread) and to buy for delivery in __________ (the second (2nd) delivery month of 
the Option’s Underlying Futures Contract of the spread) at a Spread Price of __________ cents 
per pound (the Strike Price of the SSO). 
 
The Purchaser herby agrees to pay a Premium of $_________ for this SSO. 
 
This SSO is, and any Exchange Futures Contracts resulting from its exercise shall be, made in 
view of, and in all respects subject to, the Rules of ICE Futures U.S., Inc.®, of the Clearing 
Organization, and of any successor to them, as adopted or amended from time to time. 
 
(c) Sugar Spread Options shall not be transferred, assigned or otherwise disposed of other 
than on the Exchange, subject to the Rules of the Exchange and the Clearing Organization. 
 
Rule 11.42. Trading Months 
 
(a)  Except as the Board may otherwise prescribe, expiration months of the Underlying 
Futures Contract which are eligible for listing with respect to Sugar Spread Options shall be: 
March, May, July and October.  
 
(b)  Except as the Board may otherwise prescribe, Sugar Spread Options shall be listed for 
trading as follows: 
 
(i) 1 month series: Each of the first three expiration months paired with its next successive 
expiration month; 
 
(ii) 2 month series: Each of the first two expiration months paired with its second 
successive expiration month; 
 
(iii) 3 month series: The first expiration month paired with its third successive expiration 
month; and 
 
(iv) 4 month series: Each of the first four expiration months paired with its fourth 
successive expiration month. 
 
(c)  If trading has commenced in the Underlying Futures Contract, a new SSO shall be listed 
as follows: 
 
(i) with respect to the one month, two month and three month series, a new SSO shall be 
listed for trading on the first trading day following the expiration of a SSO contained in the 
series; and 
 
(ii) with respect to the four month series, a new SSO shall be listed for trading on the first 
trading day following the first trading day for the far month related futures contract.  
 
Rule 11.43. Last Trading Day 
 
The Last Trading Day for any SSO series pair shall be the fifteenth (15th) calendar day of the 
calendar month in which the Option contract of the first expiring delivery month in the pair 
expires; provided, however, that, in the event the Exchange is closed on such day, then the Last 
Trading Day shall be the next succeeding Business Day. 
 
 


11-25 
 
Rule 11.44. Strike Prices 
 
(a) Trading shall only be conducted in a SSO having a Strike Price determined in accordance 
with this Rule. 
 
(b) The Strike Prices of a SSO that is listed for trading shall be at levels which are at intervals 
of one-tenth cent ($.0010). 
 
(c) Except as the Board or President may otherwise prescribe, a SSO shall be listed for 
trading with particular prices for each SSO as follows: 
  
(i) At the time any SSO is first listed for trading pursuant to Rule 11.42, they shall be listed 
with seven (7) one-tenth cent Strike Prices, as required in paragraph (b), each for Puts and 
Calls. The first (1st) one-tenth cent Strike Price shall be set at the prescribed level which is 
equal to the Settlement Spread Price for the underlying futures spread on the previous trading 
day, or if such Settlement Spread Price is not equal to any such prescribed level, then at the 
next prescribed level above such Settlement Spread Price. The other six (6) one-tenth cent 
Strike Prices shall be at each of the three (3) prescribed levels above and the three (3) 
prescribed levels below the first (1st) Strike Price. 
 
(ii) Whenever the Strike Prices of a listed SSO do not include the first (1st) prescribed one-
tenth cent level above the Settlement Spread Price for the underlying futures spread on the 
previous trading day, or either of the three (3) one-tenth cent prescribed levels above or 
below such a level, they shall be listed for trading the following day. 
 
(iii) Any listing of Striking Prices prescribed by the Board or President under this Rule 
shall be made effective upon adoption or as otherwise determined by the Board or the 
President.  
 
(d) A SSO shall be delisted if for ten (10) consecutive trading days no Transaction is 
executed, and there is no open position, in such SSO; provided however, that no SSO shall be so 
delisted if it has a Strike Price which is at the first (1st) one-tenth cent level above the Settlement 
Spread Price of the underlying futures spread on the previous trading day, or is at either of the 
three (3) prescribed one-tenth cent levels above or below such level as set forth in subparagraphs 
(c)(i) and (c)(ii); and provided further that no SSO shall be delisted if there is a SSO in another 
class with the same Strike Price that does not otherwise qualify for delisting. 
 
Rule 11.45. Premium Quotations 
 
Premiums shall be quoted in cents and hundredths of a cent per pound. The minimum 
fluctuation in Premiums shall be $.0001 per pound, except that Trades may occur at a price of 
$1.00 per SSO contract if such Trades result in the liquidation of Positions for both parties to the 
Trade. 
 
Rule 11.46. Obligations of SSO Purchasers 
 
(a) The Purchaser which clears a SSO shall pay in full the Premium to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with the Clearing Organization Rules. 
 
(b) The Purchaser of a SSO shall, upon exercising such SSO in accordance with the Rules, 
enter into Underlying Futures Contracts to buy the first (1st) delivery month in the SSO and sell 
the second (2nd) delivery month in the SSO (in the case of a Call) or to enter into Underlying 


11-26 
Futures Contracts to sell the first (1st) delivery month in the SSO and buy the second (2nd) 
delivery month of the SSO (in the case of a Put), at a Spread Price equal to the Strike Price 
specified in such SSO; provided, however, that any such contracts entered into upon exercise 
shall be entered into the account of the Person having purchased the SSO. 
 
(c) Futures contracts entered into by the Purchaser of a SSO, as provided for in paragraph (c) 
herein, shall have prices assigned to those futures contracts in the following manner: 
  
(i) The first (1st) delivery month futures contract shall be assigned the price equal to the 
Settlement Price for that month on the day of exercise; and 
 
(ii) The second (2nd) delivery month futures contract shall be assigned the price that is the 
mathematical result of the first (1st) delivery month futures contract Settlement Price, as 
provided for in subparagraph (d)(i) herein, minus the Spread Price specified in such SSO.  
 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2023; effective June 1, 2023 [¶¶ (a) through (c)]. 
 
Rule 11.47. Obligations of SSO Grantors 
 
(a) The Grantor of a SSO shall make such Margin deposits as the Clearing Organization may 
require. 
 
(b) The Grantor of a SSO shall, upon being assigned an Exercise Notice in accordance with 
the Clearing Organization Rules, enter into Underlying Futures Contracts to sell the first (1st) 
delivery month of the SSO and buy the second (2nd) delivery month of a SSO (in the case of a 
Call) or to enter into Underlying Futures Contracts to buy the first (1st) delivery month of the SSO 
and sell the second (2nd) delivery month in the SSO (in the case of a Put), at a Spread Price equal 
to the Strike Price specified in such SSO; provided, however, that any such contracts entered into 
upon assignment of an Exercise Notice shall be entered into for the account of the Person having 
granted the SSO. 
 
(c) Futures contracts entered into by the Grantor of a SSO, as provided for in paragraph (c) 
herein, shall have prices assigned to those futures contracts in the following manner: 
 
(i) The first (1st) delivery month futures contract shall be assigned the price equal to the 
Settlement Price for that month on the day of exercise; and 
 
(ii) The second (2nd) delivery month futures contract shall be assigned the price that is the 
mathematical result of the first (1st) delivery month futures contract Settlement Price, as 
provided for in subparagraph (d)(i) herein, minus the Spread Price specified in such SSO. 
 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2023; effective June 1, 2023 [¶¶ (a) through (c)]. 
 
Rule 11.48. Effect of Clearance 
 
Upon acceptance of a SSO by the Clearing Organization, the Clearing Organization shall be 
substituted as, and assume the position of the Purchaser to the Clearing Member which is the 
Grantor and the position of the Grantor to the Clearing Member which is the Purchaser; and 
thereupon the Clearing Organization shall have all the rights and obligations with respect to such 
SSO as the parties for which it is substituted. 
 
 
 
 


11-27 
Rule 11.49. Expiration and Exercise of SSOs 
 
(a) The Purchaser must receive from its Customer which intends to exercise a SSO on the 
Last Trading Day, notification of such intention not later than 3:00 p.m. on such day. In order for 
a Purchaser to exercise a SSO for its own account on the Last Trading Day it must have done so 
or have made a determination to do so not later than 3:00 p.m. on such day. The Purchaser must 
make and maintain a record of all notices received and all determinations made pursuant to this 
Rule, and such record must show by time stamp or otherwise the date and time of receipt or 
making. 
(b) The Purchaser of a SSO may exercise such SSO on any Business Day by giving an 
Exercise Notice, in the form prescribed by the Clearing Organization, to the Clearing 
Organization no later than 5:00 p.m. Such notice shall be effective upon the opening of Sugar No. 
11 futures trading on the Business Day following the day of receipt by the Clearing Organization. 
An Exercise Notice with respect to a SSO purchased on the day such notice is given shall not be 
effective unless such SSO has been accepted by the Clearing Organization. An Exercise Notice 
which is given with respect to a SSO which is not accepted by the Clearing Organization shall be 
deemed withdrawn by the Purchaser. 
(c) If an Exercise Notice is given, the Purchaser shall deposit Original Margin for the 
Underlying Futures Contract with the Clearing Organization at such time as may be required by 
the Clearing Organization. 
(d) Upon exercise of each SSO, notification thereof shall be given to the SSO Grantor. 
 
Rule 11.50. Automatic Exercise Levels 
 
After the close on the Last Trading Day in the Sugar 11 Spread Options Contract, the 
Clearing Organization will automatically exercise any open long SSO that has a Striking Price 
below (in the case of a Call) or above (in the case of a Put) the Settlement Spread Price of the 
Underlying Futures Contracts on that day by an amount which equals or exceeds the minimum 
price increment permitted under the Rules for the Underlying Futures Contract, unless, before 
5:00 p.m. the Last Trading Day, the Clearing Member carrying such SSO gives the Clearing 
Organization written instructions that any such SSO is to expire unexercised. 


11-28 
 SUGAR NO. 11 RESOLUTIONS 
No. 1. Delivery Months 
WHEREAS, Rule 11.01 authorizes the Board to determine which delivery months shall trade 
in the Sugar No. 11 Futures Contract; 
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that trading in the Sugar No. 11 Futures Contract 
shall be permitted for the delivery months of January, March, May, July and October. 
Amended by the Board March 4, 2008; effective March 13, 2008. 
No. 2. Interpretation of Rule 11.00(e) 
WHEREAS, Rule 11.00(e) sets forth the terms of the Sugar No. 11 Futures Contract; and 
WHEREAS, Rule 11.00(e) provides that the Deliverer shall be responsible for all expenses 
pertaining to delivery and loading of sugar into the vessel, including freight taxes and other taxes 
of the country of origin of any nature; and 
WHEREAS, Rule 11.00(e) also provides that normal pilotage, wharfage charges, customs fee 
and similar charges pertaining to the entry or exit of the vessel at loading port are for the account 
of the Receiver; and 
WHEREAS as a tariff, known as the INFRAMAR tariff, is imposed at the Port of Paranagua, 
Brazil, based upon the number of tons of sugar loaded; and 
WHEREAS, the World Sugar Committee has requested an interpretation as to which party is 
responsible for INFRAMAR tariff under Rule 11.00(e); 
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board interprets Rule 11.00(e) to mean 
that the Deliverer of sugar shall be responsible for the INFRAMAR Tariff. 
No. 3. Interpretation of Sugar No. 11 Rule 11.08(2)(a) 
 
WHEREAS, the Board has been requested to interpret whether Rule 11.08(2)(a)   
incorporates as a term of the Sugar No. 11 contract that “time is of the essence” with respect to 
the deliverer’s obligation to berth and commence loading a vessel;  
  
NOW, THEREFORE, the Board of Directors having considered the relevant Sugar No. 11 
Rules, as well as the circumstances and the history leading up to the adoption of the current Sugar 
No. 11 contract terms, does hereby adopt the following resolution:  
 
RESOLVED, that Rule 11.08(2)(a) does not incorporate as a term of the Sugar No. 11 
contract that “time is of the essence” with respect to the deliverer’s obligation to nominate a 
berth, berth and commence loading a vessel.    
 
Adopted by the Board July 15, 2015; effective August 3, 2015. 
No. 4. Interpretation of the Term "Port" 
The Board at a meeting held on Wednesday, April 14, 2004, reviewed an interpretation of the 
term "port" as that term is used with respect to sugar deliveries. It was agreed that certain 
locations within a country from which sugar is deliverable may be so close together that they 
would be considered the same port. The Board agreed that this is the case in the following 
instances: 
Pulupandan/Guimaras, Philippines 


11-29 
Eten/Pimentel, Peru 
Bangkok, Thailand—which shall be considered to be any loading facility located within 
sixty (60) miles of Bangkok (measured from a longitude of one hundred degrees (100º) thirty-
five (35) minutes East and a latitude of thirteen degrees (13º)  twenty-two (22) minutes North 
which, in conformity with sugar trade custom, is regularly associated with the delivery of 
sugar from Thailand. For the avoidance of doubt, in the case of Deliveries at Bangkok River 
Port, where the Receiver nominates a vessel, in accordance with the provisions of Rule 
11.08(2)(d), which cannot be accommodated at the Bangkok River Port loading facility, costs 
incurred in order to shift the sugar to one or two alternative loading facilities within the port, 
including but not limited to cargo shifting and lighterage costs (if any) shall be for Deliverer’s 
account. 
The Board agreed that in each of these instances, the locations indicated should be interpreted 
to constitute one (1) port for purposes of delivery under the Sugar No. 11 Futures Contract. 
Amended by the Board December 9, 2010; effective December 15, 2010. 
No. 5.  Interpretation of Sugar No. 11 Rules Concerning Obligation of Deliverer to Provide 
"GSP Form A" to Receiver 
WHEREAS, the Board in its discretion is authorized pursuant to By-Law Section 301 to 
determine the correct interpretation of any Rule of the Exchange; 
WHEREAS, the Board has been requested to determine whether under the Sugar No. 11 
Rules the Deliverer is obliged to provide the Receiver a Generalized System of Preferences Form 
A ("GSP FORM A"); 
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that it is the interpretation of the Board that the 
Deliverer is not obliged to provide the Receiver a GSP FORM A. 
 
No. 6. Alternative Provisions for Presentation of Documents Required for Payment in 
Electronic Format (EFFECTIVE FOR THE MAY 2021 CONTRACT AND LATER 
EXPIRATION MONTHS) 
 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Rule 11.08(3) which require presentation of the documents 
required for delivery in New York and in original form  in order to require  payment by the 
Receiver, Receiver may elect to pay the delivery invoice based upon receipt of complete 
electronic copies of the delivery documents, in which case the following provisions and 
procedures will apply: 
 
(1) Receiver’s election to pay based upon receipt of complete electronic documents shall be 
made by email communication to the Deliverer and with a copy to the Exchange at such 
address as the Exchange shall instruct, prior to completion of loading of the nominated 
quantity; 
 
(2) Deliverer shall acknowledge receipt of such election by 5:00 P.M. Eastern Prevailing 
Time (“EPT”) on the second Exchange Business Day following completion of loading of 
the nominated quantity. Such acknowledgement must include the location at which the 
Deliverer will hold the original delivery documents for subsequent pick up by the 
Receiver following payment and shall  be made via electronic communication, with a 
copy to the Exchange at such address as the Exchange shall  instruct; 
 


11-30 
(3) Receiver shall have the right to cancel its election under these provisions by 5:00 p.m. 
EPT on the Exchange Business Day following receipt of a complete Deliverer’s 
confirmation meeting the requirements of paragraph (2) of this Resolution. Any such 
cancellation shall be made via electronic communication with a copy to the Exchange at 
such address as the Exchange shall  instruct. Such cancellation shall be effective when 
sent by the Receiver and the Receiver thereafter shall not have the right to submit another 
election for payment of the same sugar under this Resolution without the mutual 
agreement of the Deliverer; 
 
(4) Deliverer shall promptly, and in no event later than the deadline specified in Rule 
11.08(4) for provision of the original delivery documents, present: 
(i)  complete electronic copies of the delivery documents referenced in Rule 11.08(3)(a); 
and 
 
(ii)  a statement that the complete electronic copies are final, the original documents are 
in the possession of or have been made available to the Deliverer at the location specified 
as per Paragraph 2 above and are available for pick up by the Receiver; 
 
(5) Upon presentation of complete electronic copies of the delivery documents and the 
statement referenced in Paragraph 4 above by the Deliverer, Receiver shall make 
payment of the delivery invoice amount in the manner and by the time deadlines as 
provided in Rule 11.08(3)(b); 
 
(6) Deliverer shall make the original delivery documents available for pick up by the 
Receiver at the location specified by the Deliverer in the acknowledgement described in 
paragraph (2) above, no later than  the second Exchange Business Day following the date 
on which payment of the invoice amount is made by the Receiver pursuant to Paragraph 
5 above. 
All other obligations of the Deliverer and Receiver contained in the Rules that are not expressly 
provided for differently in this Resolution shall continue to apply as stated in the Rules. For the 
avoidance of doubt, as used herein the terms Deliverer and Receiver refer to the Clearing Member 
carrying the account of the seller and the Clearing Member carrying the account of the buyer, 
respectively.  
 
Adopted by the Board March 24, 2021; effective April 26, 2021 effective for the May 2021 Contract 
and later expiration months 
 
 
 
 


 
ICE Futures U.S.®, Inc. 
 
CANOLA FUTURES AND OPTIONS 
 
 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Scope of Rules  
 
12.00 
 
Definitions 
 
Part A – Futures Contracts  
 
12.01 
Contract Specifications 
12.02 
Trading Specifications  
12.03 
Contract Deliverable Grades 
12.04 
Currency 
12.05 
Par Pricing Basis 
12.06 
Delivery Regions and Non-Par Price Differentials 
12.07 
Contract Delivery Months 
12.08 
Last Trading Day 
12.09 
Contract Binding 
 
Part B - Delivery and Shipment 
 
12.10              Merchant Registration and Financial Requirements; Supervision 
12.11 
Delivery Process 
12.12 
Warrants 
12.13 
Warrants – Indemnification  
12.14 
Delivery Certificates  
12.15 
Obligations of the Warrant Issuer  
12.16 
Transaction Facilitation Fee 
12.17 
Shipment 
12.18 
Shipment by Truck  
12.19 
Shipment by Rail  
12.20 
Confirmation of Shipment  
12.21 
Accounting for Non-Par Premiums and Discounts  
12.22 
Official Samples of Shipment  
12.23 
Weights and Grades/Quality Assessments 
12.24 
Dispute on Grade/Quality Assessments 
12.25 
Over-Shipments and Under-Shipments 
12.26 
Extension to Shipping Time Without Penalty 
12.27 
Defaults 
12.28 
Canola Committee; Arbitration 
 
 


 
Part C - Elevators, Warrants, Handling Agreements and Audits 
 
12.29 
Elevators to be Registered 
12.30 
Requirements for Elevator Registration 
12.31 
Continuity of Operations 
12.32 
Acceptance of Elevators for Registration 
12.33 
Change in Elevator Information 
12.34 
Registered Handling Agreements 
12.35 
Entities Eligible to Issue Warrants 
12.36 
Limitation on Warrants Issued/Handling Agreements Registered 
12.37 
Misrepresentations on Warrants - Penalties Attached 
12.38 
Warrant Obligations Remain the Responsibility of the Issuer of the Warrant 
12.39 
Elevator Operators to be Approved; Duty of Supervision  
12.40 
Audit of Registered Elevators and Stocks 
 
Part D - Canola Options 
 
12.41  
Unit of Trading 
12.42 
Trading Months 
12.43 
Premium Quotations 
12.44 
Last Trading Day 
12.45 
Obligations of Option Purchasers 
12.46 
Obligations of Option Grantors 
12.47 
Effect of Clearance 
12.48 
Expiration of Canola Options 
12.49 
Strike Prices 
12.50 
Notice of Exercise 
 
Part E Options On Canola Futures Spreads 
 
12.51 
Definitions 
12.52 
Trading Months 
12.53 
Premium Quotations 
12.54 
Last Trading Day 
12.55 
Obligations of RSSO Purchasers 
12.56 
Obligations of RSSO Grantors 
12.57 
Effect of Clearance 
12.58 
Expiration of RSSOs 
12.59 
Strike Prices 
12.60 
Notice of Exercise 
 
Canola Non-Par Price Differential Schedule 


 
CHAPTER 12 - CANOLA 
 
Scope of Rules 
 
Except where specifically provided otherwise in this Chapter 12, the Rules of the Exchange and the Clearing 
Organization Rules shall be applicable to Transactions in Canola Futures Contracts and Canola Options. All 
times specified in this Chapter 12  refer to Eastern Standard Time or Daylight Savings Time as in effect on 
the relevant date and time in New York.  
 
12.00  Definitions 
 
As used in these Rules, the following words shall have the meanings set forth below. In the event of any 
inconsistency between the provisions of this Chapter 12 and any other Rule, the provisions of this Chapter 
shall apply. 
 
“Additional Indemnification” means the monies required to be paid by a Warrant Issuer, 
subsequent to Delivery Day, and is an amount calculated by the Exchange based on marking-to-
market the commodity, all as required under the Rules. 
 
“Business Day” shall have the meaning set forth in Chapter 1 of the Exchange Rules.   
 
 “CGC-Licensed Inland Facility” - an inland grain-handling facility, which is licensed by the 
Canadian Grain Commission, and is located in one of the following Canadian provinces:  British 
Columbia (Peace River District only), Alberta, Saskatchewan, or Manitoba. 
 
 
 “constructively placed” – means when the conveyance (railcar or truck) is placed by the buyer 
in an accessible position for loading at a location pursuant to the contract Rule. 
 
“Deferred Delivery Contract” - a written cash market purchase agreement of a contract 
deliverable grade as set out in the Exchange Rules, in which a Merchant Participant authorized to 
issue Warrants is the buyer and a third party is a seller and the terms of the agreement include a 
specified future delivery period within the contract deliverable region(s). 
 
 
“Delivery Certificate” – an electronic Exchange delivery instrument which evidences the right 
to call for shipment of canola, all in accordance with the Rules. 
 
“Delivery Certificate Holder” – the Person identified in the Delivery System (who may be 
acting for its own account or the account of another Person) as entitled to exercise all rights with 
respect to a Delivery Certificate for all purposes under the Rules. 
“Delivery Day” means the Business Day immediately following Tender Notice Day.  
“Delivery Day Value” means the monies required to be paid by the long position holder(s) taking 
delivery which shall be the number of metric tonnes of canola multiplied by the previous day’s 
futures contract settlement price, or for deliveries made during the last two (2) Business Days 
after the Last Trading Day of the delivery month, the settlement price on the Last Trading Day. 
Delivery System - shall mean the database and operational system for canola deliveries utilized 
by the Exchange known as the ICE Deliveries Platform System (or any successor system used by 
the Exchange), which is accessible electronically by persons to which the Exchange (or its 
affiliate) grants a right of access.  


 
Delivery System Rules - shall mean the rules, protocols, agreements, user manuals and 
procedures as the Exchange may from time to time adopt or modify with respect to the Delivery 
System, as in effect from time to time.  
Elevator Operator – means any company or other organization approved by the Exchange 
entitled to register elevators for storage and/or shipment of Exchange canola contracts in 
fulfillment of Warrants issued by Warrant Issuers for delivery against Exchange canola contracts. 
 
 
Exchange Rules -- shall mean the Rules of ICE Futures U.S., Inc. and the Delivery System 
Rules. 
 
“F.O.B.” - Free on Board.  Condition of Sale where the price of the commodity includes all charges 
until such commodity is placed aboard the conveyance in which the commodity is to be shipped. 
 
 
 “Group”, “Group  Companies” or “Group of Companies” - means, with respect to any entity, a  
Firm which is a parent  or a subsidiary  of that entity or a subsidiary  of any parent  of that entity. 
 
 
“Handling Agreement” – means a written agreement between Participants eligible to participate 
in the Handling Shipment Process.  
 
“Handling Shipment Process” – means the Rules, requirements and procedures whereby a 
Warrant Issuer utilizes elevators registered by a Merchant Participant or an   Elevator Operator to 
effect its storage and/or shipment requirements in fulfillment of its Warrant obligations. 
 
“Initial Indemnification” means the monies required to be paid by the Warrant Issuer on the 
issuance of a new Warrant, in accordance with the Rules,  which monies are payable on the 
Delivery Day; 
 
 
“in-store” - grain actually in an elevator.  
 
“In-Transit” – means any grain that has been loaded into a conveyance (whether railcar, truck, 
or vessel) and is in the process of being shipped from one owner (the seller) to another (the 
buyer). 
 
“Issuer-Owned Warrant” -- means a Warrant which has been issued by a Merchant Participant 
in accordance with the requirements of Section 12.12 (c)(1) and (c)(2) of the Rules with respect 
to canola that is beneficially owned by the Merchant Participant.   
“Load Out Capacity” – means, with respect to each elevator registered for delivery, the lesser of 
the elevator’s ability to load railcars or to load trucks during a one day period during regular business 
hours, in accordance with the Rules. 
 
“Merchant” - means a company which buys or sells canola  either for its own account or as an agent 
charging commission.  
 
 
“Merchant Participant” – means any company approved to list space for storage and delivery 
against the canola contract and/or issue Warrants in accordance with the Rules, provided that the 
approval has not been suspended or terminated. 
 
“Official Sample” – a sample taken from a shipment by an Official Sampler.  
 


 
”Official Sampler” – means an entity listed below, who is permitted to take Official Samples for 
the purposes of determining weights, grades, and quality assessments, as described elsewhere in 
these Rules.  The list of approved Official Samplers is as follows and the President or his 
designate may vary this list as necessary, with notice to the market: 
 
 
SGS Canada Inc. 
 
SGS North America Inc. 
 
Intertek Group plc; 
 
Canadian Grain Commission (CGC) 
 
Federal Grain Inspection Service (FGIS) of the US Department of Agriculture (USDA) 
 
“railcar” – hopper car. 
 
“Registered Handling Agreement” - means a Handling Agreement which has been submitted to 
the Exchange for approval by submission of the formspecfied by the Exchange and which has 
received the written approval of the Exchange.  
 
“Tender Notice Day” - means the Business Day on which a Tender Notice is issued.  
“Tender Notice” - a notice of a Clearing Member's intention to make delivery pursuant to the 
By-laws and Rules of the Exchange and the Clearing Organization that is entered in the Delivery 
System.   
“Third Party Warrant” -means a Warrant which has been issued by a Merchant Participant in 
accordance with the requirements of Section 12.12 (c)(1) and (c)(3) of the Rules with respect to 
canola that is beneficially owned by another Person .  
“truck” – grain or similar product equipment with open top allowing unrestricted country 
elevator loading access and with hopper bottom or end dump unloading capability. This excludes 
pressurized and/or top hatch equipment. 
 
“Warrant” – an Exchange delivery instrument which evidences in electronic form the obligation 
of the Warrant Issuer to provide the shipment of the canola when called for by the Exchange, all 
in accordance with the Rules. 
 
“Warrant Issuer” – a Merchant Participant which has properly completed and filed in the 
Delivery System. 
 
Amended by the Board December 11, 2019; effective April 28, 2020. 
 
Part A - Futures Contracts 
 
12.01 
Contract Specifications 
 
 
Each futures contract shall be for 20 metric tonnes of canola at par. 
 
 


 
 
12.02 
Trading Specifications  
 
 
a. 
Trading Unit  
 
Prices shall be quoted per metric tonne of canola  
 
 
b. 
Price Increments 
 
The minimum price fluctuation shall be ten cents ( $0.10) per metric tonne. 
 
c. 
Daily Price Limits 
 
 
 
Trading in canola futures contracts is prohibited during any Business Day at prices which 
exceed the settlement price of the previous Business Day by an amount higher or lower than 
the Regular or Expanded Daily Limit Amount. 
 
(1)   
Regular Daily Price Limits   
 
The Daily Price Limit shall be calculated in accordance with paragraph (c)(1)(i) 
as provided below:  
 
 
(i)   
Regular Daily Price Limit shall be reset every six months and determined 
as follows: 
 
(a) The first reset of the calendar year shall be effective with the start of 
trading on the first trading day in May, and the new Regular Daily 
Price Limit shall be calculated as 7% of the average of the daily 
settlement price of the nearest July contract over the 45 consecutive 
trading day period ending on the business day prior to April 16th, 
rounded to the nearest $5.00 per metric tonne.  
(b) The second reset of the calendar year shall be effective with the start 
of trading on the first trading day in November, and the new Regular 
Daily Price Limit shall be calculated as 7% of the average of the 
daily settlement price of the nearest January contract over the 45 
consecutive trading day period ending on the business day prior to 
October 16th, rounded to the nearest $5.00 per metric tonne. 
 
(ii) 
Provided that there shall be no daily limit on price movement in an 
expiring futures contract month commencing on the Exchange Business 
Day prior to the First Notice Day of that expiring futures contract month.  
(iii) 
Provided further, that under certain market conditions, system-priced 
legs of spread or Trade at Settlement (“TAS”) trades may be priced 
outside the aforementioned Daily Limits. 
 
 
 


 
(2) 
Expanded Daily Price Limits  
 
 
(i) 
If the settlement price of any two (2) of the front five contract months 
subject to a daily price limit in the canola futures contract, or the nearby 
July futures contract when it is the first listed contract subject to a daily 
price limit, is at the Regular Daily Limits, the limits shall be expanded on 
the following day to in amount equal to 150% of the Regular Price Limit 
rounded up to the nearest $5.00 per metric tonne. 
 
(ii) 
If, while the daily limits are expanded and no contract month settles at 
the expanded daily limit that day, the daily limits shall move to the 
Regular Daily Limit level the following day. 
 
Amended by the Board Decembe 11, 2019; effective April 28, 2020 [¶¶ (c)(1)(i)]. 
Amended by the Board June 23, 2021; effective July 15, 2021 [[¶¶ (c)(1)(i) through (c)(1(ii), 
(c)(2)(i) through (2)(ii)]. 
 
12.03 
Contract Deliverable Grades 
 
a. 
Contract deliverable grades shall be based on primary elevator grade standards as 
established by the Canadian Grain Commission: 
  
(1) 
non-commercially clean Canadian canola with a maximum dockage of 8%, all other 
specifications to meet No. 1 Canada Canola at contract price;  or 
 
(2) 
commercially clean No. 1 Canada Canola at a premium of $5.00 per net tonne; or 
 
(3) 
commercially clean No. 2 Canada Canola with a Green of 4% or less at a discount 
of $5.00 per net tonne; or 
 
(4) 
commercially clean Canadian canola, with a Green of 5% or 6% at a discount of 
$15.00 per net tonne; or 
 
(5) 
non-commercially clean Canola with a maximum dockage of 8% and with a Green 
of 4% or less, all other specifications to meet No. 2 Canada Canola at a discount of 
$10.00 per net tonne; or 
(6) 
non-commercially clean Canola with a maximum dockage of 8% and with a Green 
of 5% or 6%, all other specifications to meet No. 2 Canola at a discount of $20.00 
per net tonne. 
b. 
Canadian canola that meets the contract deliverable grades and is of a variety that is derived 
from Genetically Modified Organisms (GMOs or “transgenic” canola) is also deliverable 
against the canola futures contract. 
 
c. 
Grade specifications of canola being delivered shall be clearly identified on the Warrants 
and Delivery Certificates in accordance with the Annexes hereto. 
 


 
d. 
Warrants and Delivery Certificates shall be generic as to commercially clean or non-
commercially clean specifications. 
 
Amended by the Board June 23, 2021; effective July 20, 2021 with the November 2022 canola futures 
contracts [¶¶ (3) through (6)]. 
 
12.04 
Currency 
 
 
Bids, offers and trades shall be in Canadian dollars. 
 
12.05 
Par Pricing Basis 
 
 
Bids and offers shall be made at a price based on F.O.B. value in the par delivery region.  The buyer 
shall arrange for and provide conveyance by truck and the seller will arrange for railcars, unless the 
buyer agrees to provide railcars.  All charges for transport by railcar, relative to the shipment at issue, 
will be paid by the buyer. 
 
12.06 
Delivery Regions and Non-Par Price Differentials 
 
 
 
a. 
Par Delivery may be made at any elevator registered for delivery that is located in the 
Province of Saskatchewan, east of Saskatoon and in the vicinity of Saskatoon (Par 
Region). 
 
b. 
Non-Par Delivery may be made at any registered elevator located: 
 
 
 
(1) 
in the Province of Saskatchewan, west of the Par Region (Central West Region), at 
a non-par price differential in accordance with the Non-Par price Differential 
Schedule attached to this chapter of the Rules; or 
 
(2) 
in the Province of Manitoba (Eastern Region) at a non-par price differential in 
accordance with the Non-Par Price Differential Schedule attached to this Rule; or 
 
(3) 
in the Province of Alberta (excluding the Peace River District of Alberta) (Western 
Region) at a non-par price differential in accordance with the Non-Par Price 
Differential Schedule attached to this Rule; or 
 
(4) 
In the Peace River Region at a non-par price differential in accordance with the 
Non-Par Price Differential Schedule attached to this Rule.  This region encompasses 
all areas in the Province of Alberta north of the 18th base line and the area in the 
Province of British Columbia known as the Peace River District. 
 
c. 
Non-par price differentials shall be reviewed  at least once per year, in the second quarter of 
each year, and additional reviews may be performed at the Exchange’s discretion when there 
is evidence of an issue related to non-par differentials. Reviews may consider any relevant 
information available including, but not limited to: tonnes nominated and/or rejected in each 
region, regional differences in cash bids, rail freight spreads, and/or any other relevant 
factors. Except, in exceptional circumstances, amendments to non-par price differentials 
shall be made effective starting with the first futures contract of the crop year (November). 
Amendments to non-par price differentials shall apply to all futures contracts with open 
interest and to all outstanding Warrants and Delivery Certificates, as at the effective date of 
such changes. 


 
 
 
Amended by the Board December 11, 2019; effective April 28, 2020 [¶¶ (a) and (b)(1). 
 
12.07 
Contract Delivery Months 
 
 
Trading in canola futures contracts may only be conducted for delivery during the following months 
in any year, commencing on such date as the Exchange may determine: January, March, May, July 
and November. 
 
12.08 
Last Trading Day 
 
The Last Trading Day shall be the Business Day preceding the fifteenth (15th) calendar day of the 
delivery month. Any contracts remaining open after the Last Trading Day must be either: 
a. 
settled by delivery in accordance with the Rules no later than the second Business Day 
following the Last Trading Day (tender required no later than the Business Day prior to 
delivery); or 
b. 
transferred in accordance with Rule 4.37. 
 
Amended by the Board December 11, 2019; effective April 28, 2020. 
 
12.09 
Contracts Binding 
 
 
a. 
(1) 
All contracts for canola futures delivery shall be binding and of full force and effect    
until: 
 
(i) 
the quantity and quality of the commodity specified in such contract shall 
have been delivered; and 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
the price specified in the said contract shall have been paid. 
 
(2) 
No futures contract shall be entered into with any stipulation or understanding at the 
time of making such futures contract that the terms of said contract as specified 
above are not to be fulfilled, or that the commodity is not to be delivered and 
received in accordance with the Rules. 
 
b. 
Subject to the prohibitions set out in subsection a. (2) above, subsequent to the time that the 
Warrant Issuer and the Delivery Certificate Holder are matched up for shipment and the 
Delivery Certificate Holder accepts the nominated points, they may enter into a mutually 
acceptable written agreement to complete all, or part of the shipment under terms other than 
those stipulated in the Rules.  Both the Warrant Issuer and the Delivery Certificate Holder 
shall promptly notify the Exchange of such agreement by selecting “off-Exchange Delivery” 
in the Delivery System.  Upon such selection, the Exchange shall be relieved of any further 
involvement in, or liability with respect to, the said shipment (or such part thereof). 
 
Amended by the Board December 11, 2019; effective April 28, 2020 [¶ (b)]. 
 
 
 
 
 


 
Part B - Delivery and Shipment  
12.10 - Merchant Participant Registration and Financial Requirements; Supervision 
 
(a) Registration and Financial Reporting: Merchant Participants shall register with the Exchange as 
such, and shall execute such agreements as the Exchange may prescribe from time to time and 
provide such information, in such form, as is required by the Exchange from time to time.  
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing in any way, each Merchant Participant shall file 
an application for registration and the following additional documents:  
 
(i) 
with their written Merchant Participant application, audited financial statements for 
the most recent year ended and unaudited financial statements for the most recent 
quarter ended. 
 
(ii) 
after acceptance as a Merchant Participant, annual audited financial statements 
within one hundred and twenty (120) days from the end of the fiscal period to which 
they refer. 
 
An applicant or a registered Merchant Participant may apply, in writing, to the 
Exchange, seeking permission to file unaudited annual financial statements and 
must provide reasons for the failure to have its financial statements audited.  The 
decision of the Exchange as to whether or not to accept unaudited financial 
statements, and for what period of time, will be final. 
 
(b) Extension of Time: The Exchange may agree to extend the time for filing any required 
financial information if, in the opinion of the Exchange, it is appropriate to do so.  Failure to 
file the required financial information, by the date prescribed without obtaining an extension, 
or failure to provide the notifications required under this Rule, may result in the imposition of 
a Summary Fine by the Exchange not to exceed ten thousand dollars ($10,000) or referral for 
disciplinary action. 
 
(c) Subsidiaries: If a Merchant Participant is or becomes a subsidiary, then the Person exercising 
voting control (the “Controlling Entity”) over it may be required to file an agreement to 
indemnify the Exchange and all other participants for all acts and transactions of the 
subsidiary.  In addition, the Controlling Entity may be required to file financial statements.  
Failure of the Controlling Entity to agree to file such financial statements will result in 
immediate suspension of the Merchant Participant. 
 
(d) Approval: The Exchange may approve an application for registration as a Merchant 
Participant and, in its absolute discretion, place any restrictions or conditions on such 
registration that the Exchange deems appropriate, including but not limited to those specified 
in paragraph (g) of this Rule.    
 
(e)  Exchange may deny an application for registration as a Merchant Participant if any of the   
requirements specified in this Rule have not been satisfied, and/or if the Exchange determines 
that, based on the information disclosed in the application, registration would not be in the best 
interests of the Exchange, provided, however, that prior to denying the application, the Exchange 
shall provide  the applicant with (i) written notice setting forth its intention to deny the 
application and the grounds for denial and (ii) an opportunity to be heard by a Special 
Committee appointed in accordance with Rule 7.25 to present evidence as to why the application 
should be granted. A request to be heard by a Special Committee shall be furnished in writing to 


 
the Exchange General Counsel within two (2) Business Days following issuance of the notice of 
intention to deny the application. The evidence to be considered by the Special Committee shall 
be presented by written submission in accordance with procedures specified by the Special 
Committee, and the decision rendered by the Special Committee shall be final. 
  
(f) A Merchant Participant must advise the Exchange, in writing, immediately upon becoming 
aware of the occurrence or likely occurrence of any material adverse change in its financial 
condition.  The Merchant Participant must provide detailed information as to how and why its 
financial situation has fallen or is expected to fall.  The Merchant Participant shall provide the 
Exchange with such further information as the Exchange may require.  Failure to advise the 
Exchange as required under this Rule is a violation of the Rules and shall result in 
Disciplinary Action.  
 
(g) In the event of a material adverse change in financial condition, the Exchange will review all 
financial information and shall make such determination as to any requirements to be met by the 
Merchant Participant as it shall, in its absolute discretion, deem reasonable.  In the event that the 
Merchant Participant has Warrants outstanding, the Exchange will immediately call for such 
additional indemnification as it deems reasonable.  If time and circumstances permit, the 
Exchange may consult with the Merchant Participant and work with it to determine the most 
appropriate next steps.  Without in any way limiting the generality of the forgoing, the Exchange 
may, in its absolute discretion, determine;  
 
(i) 
that the Merchant Participant be permitted to retain its status on conditions that 
restrict certain privileges of the Merchant Participant status, such as not being 
permitted to issue Warrants or being permitted to issue Warrants in such amounts as 
the Exchange deems appropriate, and/or that any Warrants issued be subject to 
additional amounts of indemnification above those amounts defined in the Rules; 
 
(ii) 
that the Merchant Participant provide additional Initial Indemnification and/or 
Additional Indemnification in such amounts and on such terms and conditions, as 
the Exchange determines reasonable; 
 
(iii) 
that the Merchant Participant provides a postponement agreement, which agreement 
postpones any claim or demand that a partner, officer, or shareholder may have 
against the assets of the Merchant Participant.  Any postponement agreement shall 
be in such form as the Exchange shall stipulate;  
 
(iv) 
that the Merchant Participant provides a written guarantee executed by a parent 
company or other entity.  Any guarantee shall be in such form as the Exchange shall 
stipulate;  
 
(v) 
that the Merchant Participant’s status be suspended or terminated, effective on such 
date(s) as the Exchange determines; or 
 
(vi) 
any combination of the foregoing. 
(h) The right to pursue all claims against any entities on the executed guarantee and/or 
postponement agreements is strictly that of the Exchange.  The President or his designate shall 
make all determinations respecting all matters concerning claims against entities that are liable 
under guarantee and/or postponement agreements and such determinations shall be final.  
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the President or his designate will not be 


 
required to provide notice of any hearing considering any matter to any entity, nor be required to 
give any entity an opportunity to be heard prior to making any determination. 
 
(i) In the event that the Exchange obtains any funds from any entity under the provisions of a 
guarantee or postponement agreement, the President or his designate shall distribute such 
proceedings first to pay all fines, dues, assessments and charges due to the Exchange by the 
Merchant Participant who was the subject of the agreement, including full payment of any or all 
legal fees, accountant’s charges and any other expenses whatsoever incurred by the Exchange as 
the President or his designate in his or her absolute discretion may determine. 
  
(j) All Merchant Participants shall adopt written policies and procedures to be followed by their 
directors, officers, employees, representatives and agents who are involved in or engage in 
business activities related to the Exchange, that are adequate, taking into account the nature, 
scope and complexity of their business, to ensure compliance with the Rules and applicable 
law. 
 
Amended by the Board April 22, 2019; effective May 31, 2019 [¶(g)]. 
Amended by the Board September 25, 2019; effective December 2, 2019 [¶¶ (a) through (a)(ii), 
(d) and (f) through (j)] 
Amended by the Board June 21, 2023; effective July 31, 2023 [¶ (a)]. 
 
12.11 
Delivery Process 
 
 
Delivery against Canola Futures Contracts shall be performed in accordance with the following: 
 
a. 
Warrant Issuers, Delivery Certificate Holders, Clearing Members and any other Person 
utilizing the Delivery System shall execute such agreements as the Exchange (or its affiliate) 
may prescribe from time to time for the purpose of utilizing the Delivery System. 
 
b. 
Delivery shall be initiated by the Clearing Member of a short futures position holder (seller) 
by submitting a Tender Notcice to the Clearing Organization through the  Delivery System 
by 4:00 pm on the Business Day prior to Delivery Day.  Tender Notices can be submitted 
commencing from the Business Day immediately preceding the first Business Day of the 
delivery month, up to and including 4:00 pm on the first Business Day after the Last 
Trading Day of the delivery contract. 
 
c. 
The short futures position holder (seller) shall issue or cause to be issued a Warrant, in an 
amount covering the amount of canola subject to the Tender Notice, to the Exchange in 
the Delivery System no later than 4:00 pm on the Business Day prior to Delivery Day. 
 
d. 
The Exchange will review the Warrant and will notify the Warrant Issuer of the required 
amount that will be called as payment for Initial Indemnification, by the close of business on 
the  Business Day prior to Delivery Day (as set forth in paragraph (h) below, the amount 
owed by the Warrant Issuer will be partially offset by the Delivery Day Value received from 
the Clearing Member for the long futures position).   
 
e. 
The Warrant Issuer shall provide the Initial Indemnification (less the value of any 
anticipated credit) to the Exchange no later than 10:00 am on the Business Day following 
the day of presentation of a Tender Notice to the Clearing Organization. 
  


 
f. 
Upon receipt of the Initial Indemnification (less the value of any anticipated credit), the 
Exchange will accept the Warrant.   
 
g. 
Tender Notices shall not be processed through the Clearing Organization until the 
Exchange has received and accepted the Warrant and the Initial Indemnification (less the 
value of any anticipated credit) has been received by the Exchange. 
 
h. 
On Delivery Day: 
 
(1) 
The Clearing Organization will post a Daily Delivery Report available to all 
Clearing Members by 10:30 am.  This report identifies all matched deliveries, which 
are done on a FIFO basis and will constitute notice to the applicable Clearing 
Member for purposes of Clearing Organization Rule 602(c).  
 
(2) 
By 11:30 a.m., or such other time as may be determined the Clearing Member for 
the long futures position holder (buyer), will be notified of the invoice amount, 
which includes the amount of the Delivery Day Value and other applicable charges, 
if any.  
 
(3) 
The Clearing Organization will collect Delivery Day Value from the Clearing 
Member of the long futures position holder (buyer) and such amount must be paid 
by the long futures position holder (buyer) to the Clearing Member upon request.  
 
(4) 
Two (2) hours after the notification is sent, the Clearing Member for the long 
futures position holder (buyer) shall provide payment of the invoice.  Payment must 
be made in Canadian dollars, via bank wire, all in accordance with the Rules.  
 
(5)  
The Delivery Day Value will be deposited to the account of and held by the 
Exchange, which shall apply such amount, less applicable charges, if any, as a credit 
towards the Initial Indemnification amount required to be deposited by the Warrant 
Issuer pursuant to Rule 12.13.  In the case of a re-delivery of a Delivery Certificate, 
the Delivery Day Value less applicable charges will be provided to the Clearing 
Member of the short futures position holder (seller).  
 
(6) 
Upon receipt of the Delivery Day Value by the Exchange, the Exchange will issue 
the Delivery Certificate in respect of the relevant canola to the Clearing Member for 
the long futures position holder (buyer) through the Delivery System. 
 
i. 
If a long futures position holder (buyer) holds outstanding Warrants of the same grade of 
canola, those Warrants shall be offset by the amount of the delivery prior to the issuance of a 
Delivery Certificate, which shall be issued for the net tonnage after offsetting the Warrant.  
Assignment of deliveries for this purpose shall be made against the newest Warrants first, on 
a Last-In-First-Out basis. 
 
j. 
If the short futures position holder (seller) holds outstanding Delivery Certificates of the 
same grade of canola, and presents a Tender Notice, it shall indicate on the Tender Notice 
that it is submitting a “re-delivery” and the tonnage of canola on the Tender Notice shall be 
offset against the tonnage of canola evidenced on the Delivery Certificates. 
 
Amended by the Board December 11, 2019; effective April 28, 2020 [¶¶ (a) through (j)]. 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2022; effective July 22, 2022 {¶¶ (h)(3)]. 


 
Amended by the Board June 21, 2023; effective July 31, 2023 [¶¶ (a) and (b)]. 
 
12.12 
Warrants 
 
a. 
All Canola Warrants must be issued in electronic form in the Delivery System in 
accordance with these Rules.  
 
b. 
Warrants shall only be issued by: 
 
 
 
(1) 
Merchant Participants who have elevators registered for delivery against the canola 
futures contract (in accordance with the Exchange Rules; or 
 
 
 
(2) 
Merchant Participants who have Registered Handling Agreements with a Merchant 
Participant or  Elevator Operator with elevators registered for delivery against the 
canola futures contract. 
 
c. 
Warrants Terms and Conditions:  
 
(1)  
Terms Applicable to All Warrants:  A Merchant Participant issuing a Warrant in 
the Delivery System represents, warrants, covenants and agrees that:  
 
(i) 
Each Warrant shall be issued in whole multiples of twenty (20) metric 
tonnes and shall be generic as to region; 
 
(ii) 
Merchant Participant will ensure that the quantity and quality of the 
canola meets the deliverable grade entered for the Warrant; 
 
(iii) 
Merchant Participant will make canola available and effect shipment 
from one or more of its elevators registered with the Exchange to one or 
more holders of Delivery Certificate(s) as same are assigned to it in the 
Delivery System in accordance with the Exchange Rules;  
 
(iv) 
Merchant Participant will effect shipment and perform all necessary and 
ancillary obligations in the manner prescribed in the Exchange Rules; 
and 
 
(v) 
issuing a Warrant in the Delivery System creates a binding obligation of 
the Merchant Participant to the Exchange for storage and/or shipment of 
the canola as and when instructed by the Exchange, and the Merchant 
Participant shall be liable in damages to the Exchange in the event that 
storage and/or shipment is not made as required by the Exchange Rules.  
 
(2) 
Additional Terms for “Issuer-Owned” Warrants: A Merchant Participant issuing 
an Issuer-Owned Warrant in the Delivery System further represents, warrants, 
covenants and agrees that:    
 
(i)  
Merchant Participant transfers, assigns and sets over to the Exchange, all 
right, title and interest in canola, up to the Net Tonnes entered in the 
Delivery System, whether owned outright or by virtue of its rights under 
Deferred Delivery Contracts, free and clear of any liens, encumbrances 
and security interests of any kind whatsoever; such transfer takes effect, 


 
without further notice or documentation, immediately upon issuance by 
the Exchange of the corresponding Delivery Certificate to the Clearing 
Member of the buyer. 
 
(ii) 
Merchant Participant owns and controls (where controls means located 
in-store at a CGC-Licensed Inland Facility of the Merchant Participant 
and/or located in-store at a CGC-Licensed Inland Facility of another 
Merchant Participant or Elevator Operator with which the Merchant 
Participant issuing the Warrant has a Registered Handling Agreement) 
canola in a quantity at least equal to the quantity represented by all 
Warrants issued by it and outstanding in the Delivery System.  
 
(iii) 
Notwithstanding Paragraph (c)(2)(ii) above, up to 25% of the canola 
represented by all Warrants issued by the Merchant Participant and 
outstanding in the Delivery System may be canola contracted for under 
Deferred Delivery Contract(s) which shall be calculated as the difference 
between: (a) Deferred Delivery Contracts callable within the next thirty 
(30) days plus In-Transit grain to be delivered into the Merchant 
Participant’s facilities in a region; and (b) any cash sales the Merchant 
Participant is obligated to make in that same thirty (30) day period 
without referencing any In-Transit grain that has been shipped out of the 
Merchant Participant’s facilities; 
 
(iii) 
In the event that a Merchant Participant has Warrants outstanding that 
represent canola that is in excess of the canola that it owns and controls, it is 
required to provide to the Exchange a report that includes details of all its 
Deferred Delivery Contracts for canola and details of all committed sales 
for canola in the form prescribed by the Exchange. Such report shall be 
submitted on the date that it issues the Warrant(s) and on a weekly basis 
thereafter until the canola represented on the Warrant(s) is no longer in 
excess of the canola that is owned and controlled by the Warrant Issuer.  
 
(3) 
Additional Terms and Requirements for Third Party Warrants:  Third Party 
Warrants shall be issued by the Merchant Participant in the Delivery System in 
accordance with paragraph (c)(1) of this Rule.  In addition, the Merchant Participant 
shall cause the beneficial owner of the canola covered  by  such Warrant to 
complete such documentation, in such form as is required by the Exchange, to  
transfer, assign and set over to the Exchange, all right, title and interest in such 
canola, up to the Net Tonnes represented by such Third Party Warrant(s), and to 
agree to be bound by the provisions of the Exchange Rules applicable to such 
Third Party Warrant(s); and the Merchant Participant shall deliver such 
documentation to the Exchange. 
 
 
(i) 
A Merchant Participant issuing a Third Party Warrant in the Delivery 
System further represents, warrants, covenants and agrees, that:    
 
 
 
(1)  
Merchant Participant controls the canola represented in the Third 
Party Warrant where “control” means canola is located: 
 
(A) 
in-store at CGC-Licensed Inland Facilities of the Merchant 
Participant; and/or 


 
 
 
 
(B) 
in-store at CGC-Licensed Inland Facilities of another 
Merchant Participant or an Elevator Operator with which the Merchant 
Participant issuing the Warrant has a Registered Handling Agreement. 
 
(2) 
Merchant Participant has entered into a written services agreement 
with the beneficial owner of the canola, which states, inter alia, that: (i) the canola 
is owned by the beneficial owner and is free and clear of any liens, encumbrances 
and security interests of any kind whatsoever; and (ii) the Merchant Participant 
will store the commodity at one of its elevators registered with the Exchange and 
will maintain the quantity and quality of the canola as required by the Exchange 
Rules. 
 
(3)  
Merchant Participants who issue Third Party Warrants shall be 
responsible for fulfillment of the contract through shipment and all dispute 
resolution, all in accordance with these Rules. All issues relating to the canola being 
delivered under the Third Party Warrant including, but not limited to the provision 
of Initial Indemnification and Additional Indemnification, grade standards, quality, 
quantity, ownership and title, all shipment processes, and all other ancillary matters 
are the sole responsibility of the Merchant Participant. In the case of any dispute, 
problem or deficiency respecting the commodity represented by Warrants on 
deposit under the provisions of third party delivery process, the Exchange shall be 
entitled to recover any and all damages and costs from the security/indemnification 
provided to the Exchange by the Merchant Participant. Merchant Participants may 
require such contractual obligations and indemnification from the beneficial owner 
of the canola as the Merchant Participant deems appropriate for providing such 
service.  The Exchange shall not be obligated to pursue any claim, remedy or action 
against the beneficial owner of canola under a Third Party Warrant as a condition to, 
or otherwise in connection with, any claim, remedy or action against the Merchant 
Participant in respect of such Third Party Warrant under the Exchange Rules. 
 
d. A fee, as established by the Exchange, shall be assessed upon the issuance of a Warrant, 
including Third Party Warrants. 
 
Amended by the Board December 11, 2019; effective April 28, 2020 [¶¶ (a) through (3)(d). 
 
12.13 Warrants – Indemnification 
 
a. All Warrant Issuers must provide Initial Indemnification and Additional Indemnification as 
and when requested by the Exchange for all Issuer-Owned and third party Warrants issued 
and outstanding.  
  
b. Initial Indemnification is paid by the Warrant Issuer as provided in Rule 12.11 in an amount 
that is no less than the sum of the base indemnification plus the tonnage surcharge calculated 
as follows:  
 
(1)  
Base indemnification for canola is the daily settlement price for the nearby contract, 
or a preliminary settlement price estimate to be determined by the Exchange in its 
absolute discretion if such settlement price is not timely available after the close of 


 
trading multiplied by the number of metric tonnes for which Warrants are issued and 
outstanding.  
 
(2) Tonnage surcharge: 
 
i. 
 for tonnage up to 25,000 metric tonnes – 10% of base indemnification; and 
 
ii. for tonnage more than 25,000 and less than 50,000 metric tonnes – 15% of base    
indemnification; and 
 
iii. 
 for tonnage that is 50,000 metric tonnes or more – 20% of base indemnification. 
 
c. The Exchange will mark-to-market each Warrant each Trading Day to ensure that the amount 
of indemnification held by the Exchange is no less than the sum of the base indemnification, 
calculated in accordance with paragraph (b)(1) of this Rule, plus the tonnage surcharge, 
calculated in accordance with paragraph (b)(2) of this Rule. Warrant Issuers will be required 
to provide Additional Indemnification as market circumstances require.  Where a Warrant 
Issuer is notified by the Exchange that it has to make payment of Additional Indemnification 
it shall satisfy the requirements no later than 10:00 am on the Trading Day following the 
notification. Initial Indemnification and Additional Indemnification must be provided by (1) 
payment in Canadian dollars via bank wire or (2) furnishing to the Exchange a Standby Letter 
of Credit in the form specified by the Exchange and issued by a bank recognized by the 
Exchange for such purpose, or (3) a combination of both forms of indemnification.  Any 
excess indemnification held by the Exchange in the form of Canadian dollars shall be 
returned in accordance with paragraph (g) of this Rule.   
 
d. The Exchange may require such additional Initial Indemnification or Additional 
Indemnification that it deems appropriate under special circumstances, including but not 
limited to an inverse between the cash market for immediate delivery and the nearby futures 
prices; or periods of high price volatility of nearby futures prices. 
 
e. Initial and/or Additional Indemnification shall be maintained by the Exchange in a segregated 
account and shall not be commingled with Exchange funds. 
 
f. Failure to provide Initial or Additional Indemnification as required under these Rules is a 
violation of the Rules.  The Exchange shall take whatever steps it deems appropriate in the 
circumstances.    
 
g. Requests for the return of excess indemnification held by the Exchange in the form of 
Canadian dollars must be received by the Exchange no later than 1:00 pm for processing the 
next Business Day.  Requests received after 1:00 pm will not be processed until the second 
Business Day after receipt.  
 
 
Amended by the Board April 22, 2019; effective May 13, 2019 [¶ (f)]. 
 
Amended by the Board September 25, 2019; effective December 2, 2019 [¶¶ (b) through (b)(2) 
and (c) through (e)]. 
Amended by the Board June 23, 2021; effective July 20, 2021 with the Novembe 2022 canola 
futures contracts [¶¶ (b)(1)]. 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2022; effective July 22, 2022 [¶¶ (c) and (g) 
 
 


 
 
12.14 
Delivery Certificates 
 
 
a. 
All Delivery Certificates will be issued, recorded and maintained in electronic form in the 
Delivery System.  
 
b. 
The records in the Delivery System shall constitute the final record for all purposes. 
 
c. 
Delivery Certificates may be transferred by the Delivery Certificate Holder in accordance 
with Exchange Rules. 
 
d. 
Delivery Certificates shall be generic as to region, but not as to No. 1 or No. 2 Canola.  
Delivery Certificates shall be generic as to commercially clean or non-commercially 
clean and as to the percentage of Green. 
e. 
A fee, as established by the Exchange, shall be assessed upon the registration, issuance  
and reissuance of each Delivery Certificate. 
 
 
Amended by the Board Decembe 11, 2020; effective April 28, 2020 [¶¶ (a) through (e)]. 
Amended by the Board June 23, 2021; effective July 20, 2021 with the Novembe 2022 canola futures 
contracts [¶ (d)]. 
 
12.15 
Obligations of the Warrant Issuer  
 
a. 
Warrant Issuers have a number of obligations pursuant to the terms of the Warrant and the 
Rules, which include, inter alia: 
 
(1) 
Ensuring the canola is maintained in CGC-Licensed Inland Facilities and meets the 
quality and quantity of the contract deliverable grade; 
 
(2) 
Having capacity, both financial and operational, to respond to and meet the requests 
by the Exchange to post Initial Indemnification and Additional Indemnification; 
 
(3) 
Posting Initial Indemnification and meeting ongoing Additional Indemnification 
obligations; 
 
(4) 
Having logistical and operational capacity to meet the Rule requirements relative to 
submission of all required forms under the Rules and ensuring that the canola is 
shipped out within the required time deadlines; and 
 
(5) 
Submission of all required documentation relative to the shipment processes. 
 
Amended by the Board December 11, 2019; effective April 28, 2020 [¶ (a)(5)]. 
 
12.16 
Transaction Facilitation Fee 
 
a. 
Warrant Issuers will be entitled to a Transaction Facilitation Fee (“TFF”) for the 
performance of the obligations referenced in Rule 12.15.  Delivery Certificate Holders will 
be responsible for the payment of the TFF on the canola held on all Delivery Certificates 
from the Business Day on which Delivery Certificates are issued until the date shipment is 


 
completed.  Delivery Certificate Holders shall pay the TFF to the Exchange, in such form 
and manner as may be prescribed by the Exchange from time to time.   
 
b. 
Warrant Issuers shall pay a TFF Administration Fee to the Exchange, in such form and 
manner as may be prescribed by the Exchange from time to time. 
 
Amended by the Board October 10, 2018; effective October 25, 2018 [¶¶ (a) and (b)]. 
Amended by the Board December 11, 2019; effective April 28, 2019 [¶ (a)]. 
 
 
12.17 
Shipment 
 
a. 
Delivery Certificate Holders shall initiate the shipment processes by submitting a Call for 
Shipment in the Delivery System.  Upon submission, the Exchange shall: 
 
(1) 
determine the oldest outstanding Warrant(s) ; 
(2) 
notify the Warrant Issuer(s) of such Warrants of its obligation to ship out the canola; 
and 
(3) 
notify the Warrant Issuer(s) who the Delivery Certificate Holder is. 
 
A Call For Shipment received prior to noon on a Business Day will be processed by the 
Exchange on the Business Day it is received; and a Call For Shipment received after noon 
on a Business Day (or on a day that is not a Business Day) will be processed by the 
Exchange the next Business Day.  
 
b. 
Shipment shall only be made from elevators registered with the Exchange.  
 
c. 
The Warrant Issuer shall complete the Shipment Nomination in the Delivery System  
within two (2) Business Days (inclusive of the day of the Call for Shipment is entered in 
the system if the Call for Shipment is entered before noon) and indicate (i) the elevator(s) 
from which the canola will be shipped and (ii) whether the canola will be commercially 
clean or non-commercially clean. 
 
d. 
The quantity nominated shall not exceed two (2) full car spots at the nominated facility. 
 
e. 
When nominating shipping location points, the Warrant Issuer must be able to accommodate 
the ordering and placement of railcars, and the placement of trucks, at the nominated point, 
in such a way as to facilitate the shipment within the times prescribed by this Rule and 
within any railway-imposed limitations, to the best of its knowledge unless the Delivery 
Certificate Holder has specified truck as the method of conveyance on the Call For Shipment 
form.  The Warrant Issuer may only nominate locations for which there is a reasonable 
expectation of rail service that would accommodate the shipment tonnage, unless the 
Delivery Certificate Holder has specified truck as the method of conveyance on the Call For 
Shipment form. 
 
f. 
At the time the shipping locations are nominated, the Warrant Issuer will enter in 
Nomination in the Delivery System the railway(s) providing services to the shipping 
locations, and any known restrictions or limitations related to rail shipment from the 
shipping locations, or specify truck as the method of conveyance (if shipping by truck has 
been selected by the Delivery Certificate Holder in accordance with paragraph h. below).  
 


 
g. 
A minimum of eighty (80) metric tonnes shall be nominated from any given point(s), with 
any odd lots of less than eighty (80) metric tonnes to come from a point already nominated.  
If the call for shipment is less than eighty (80) metric tonnes, the entire nomination must be 
from one location.  All quantities nominated must be in twenty (20) tonne multiples. 
 
h. 
The Delivery Certificate Holder shall enter the following information in the Shipment 
Nomination Acceptance/Rejection field in the Delivery System within two (2) Business 
Days of the completion of the Nomination in the Delivery System by the Warrant Issuer 
(inclusive of the day of such completion if such completion is made before noon: 
 
(1) 
the acceptance or rejection of the shipping locations, in whole or in part, in twenty 
(20) metric tonne multiples), including the selection of commercially clean or non-
commercially clean;  
(2) 
the amount, in twenty (20) metric tonne multiples, if any, that will be shipped; 
and/or 
(3) 
the amount where the nomination is rejected, in twenty (20) metric tonne multiples, 
if any, that is to be converted back to a new Delivery Certificate(s). 
 
Provided that, if either (1) or (2) is chosen, the Delivery Certificate Holder will also be 
responsible for nominating whether shipment will be by rail or by truck, and if the shipment 
is by rail, the Delivery Certificate Holder shall also enter the destination.  If the Delivery 
Certificate Holder specified truck or rail on the Call For Shipment form, they must ship the 
product by that method of conveyance. 
 
i. 
If a shipment is by rail, the Delivery Certificate Holder must have in place all arrangements 
necessary to complete the shipment, including, but not limited to, accounts and credit with 
the railway, arrangements with customs and/or with customs brokers, and terminal 
authorizations.  
 
j. 
Rejection of a shipment in whole or in part by the Delivery Certificate Holder will cause a 
new Delivery Certificate to be issued for the tonnage rejected. 
 
k. 
Failure by the Delivery Certificate Holder to enter a properly completed Shipment 
Nomination and Acceptance in the Delivery System within the time required by these Rules 
shall be deemed rejection, in whole, of the shipping locations for the amount of canola as 
represented by the Delivery Certificates. 
 
l. 
The date on which a shipment is rejected, in whole or in part, whether deemed or not, will be 
the date for determining the oldest outstanding Warrant(s) for the purposes of subsequent 
calls for shipment. 
 
Amended by the Board December 11, 2019; effective April 28, 2020 [¶¶ (a) through (c), (f), (h)(1) 
through (h)(3) and (k)]. 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2022; effective July 22, 2022 {¶ (j)]. 
 
12.18 
Shipment by Truck 
 
These provisions pertain to shipments by truck: 
 
a. 
The Delivery Certificate Holder shall give no less than two (2) Business Days load notice 
(inclusive of the day of notice if such notice is given before noon) to the Warrant Issuer and 


 
the Delivery Certificate Holder shall arrange for trucking sufficient to complete the shipment 
in accordance with paragraph (d) of this Rule, but is not subject to any daily load-out 
requirement. 
 
b. 
The Warrant Issuer shall be required to load trucks arranged by the Delivery Certificate 
Holder at a minimum per day rate of five hundred (500) metric tonnes or five percent (5%) 
of the shipment accepted at that location, whichever is greater.   
 
c. 
The Warrant Issuer is required; 
 
(1) 
to load out the Canola at not less than the minimum rate of load-out, commencing on 
the day the stated conveyance is constructively placed. 
 
(2) 
when loading trucks that have been constructively placed by the Delivery Certificate 
Holder, not to load out any other grain trucks during normal work day hours (8:00 
am through 5:00 pm local time) until the Delivery Certificate Holder’s load-outs 
have been completed, up to the minimum load-out requirement.  
 
d. 
Shipment must be completed within thirty-two (32) Business Days from: 
 
(1) 
The date of acceptance of the nominated points on the Shipment Nomination and 
Acceptance as entered in the Delivery System; or 
 
(2) 
Where Rule 12.19 c. is invoked, the date notice to amend the mode of transport 
from rail to truck was provided by the Delivery Certificate Holder to the Warrant 
Issuer. 
 
Amended by the Board December 11, 2019; effective April 28, 2020 [¶¶  (d) and (d)(1)]. 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2022; effective July 22, 2022 [¶¶ (a) and (b)]. 
 
12.19 
Shipment by Rail 
 
These provisions pertain to shipment by rail: 
 
a. 
The Warrant Issuer is required: 
 
(1) 
To promptly place orders with the applicable railway for sufficient empty railcars to 
accommodate the shipment of Canola to be delivered to the shipping location(s) at 
the earliest date(s) the railway ordering schedules and siding space at the accepted 
location(s) and destination(s) permit, provided that; 
 
(i) 
If both the Warrant Issuer and Delivery Certificate Holder agree: 
 
A. 
Shipment may be scheduled for a future week that begins not more 
than four (4) weeks from the date that the Shipment Nomination 
and Acceptance is entered in the Delivery System; 
 
B. 
Shipment may be made from a location or locations different than 
the location(s) originally accepted, subject to the provisions of 
payment of freight charges set out in sub-section d. of this Rule, 
provided that the new location(s) is entered into the Delivery 


 
System and approved by the Warrant Issuer and Delivery 
Certificate Holder, and/or 
 
C. 
The Delivery Certificate Holder may supply its own railcars for 
part or all of the shipment, provided that the railcars are scheduled 
to arrive for a future week that begins not more than four (4) weeks 
from the date that the Shipment Nomination and Acceptance is 
entered in the Delivery System. 
 
(ii) 
The Warrant Issuer may include the shipment with a larger block of railcars 
destined to the same destination or corridor, provided that adding the 
shipment to a larger block of railcars does not delay the shipment or cause 
the Delivery Certificate Holder to incur additional rail freight charges. 
 
(2) 
To manage all communications with the railway regarding the shipment, until such 
time as the Delivery Certificate Holder assumes responsibility to the railway for the 
shipment; 
 
(3) 
To promptly notify the Delivery Certificate Holder of any communications received 
from the railway regarding railcars ordered and/or shipped, and promptly notify the 
Delivery Certificate Holder and the Exchange of any delays as set out in sub-section 
c. of this Rule; 
 
(4) 
To ensure submission of all information required by the railway to process the 
shipment; 
 
(5) 
To ensure that information provided to the railway for the bill of lading or other 
purposes enables the Delivery Certificate Holder to arrange for customs clearance, if 
applicable; 
 
(6) 
To load and release railcars according to the requirements and schedule of the 
railway; 
 
(7) 
To load each railcar to its full “visible” capacity, except if the quantity remaining to 
be loaded is less than the railcar capacity; 
 
(8) 
To properly attach seals to each railcar that the Delivery Certificate Holder has 
requested seals be attached to, and/or to each railcar that is to be moved to a 
destination outside Canada; 
 
(9) 
Upon request, to provide evidence to the Exchange that the railcars have been 
ordered, and copies of all communications with the railway regarding the shipment. 
 
(10) 
If railcars have been received at the nominated location, and these railcars may be 
shipped into the same corridor as the Delivery Certificate Holder’s shipment, the 
railcars must be loaded before any other loading is conducted for shipment into that 
same corridor. 
 
(11) 
To request, from the railway, that the Warrant Issuer’s railcar allocation be used for 
the shipment. 
 


 
b. 
The Delivery Certificate Holder is required; 
 
(1) 
Upon request, to provide, to the Warrant Issuer and/or to the Exchange, evidence 
that the shipment will be accepted and unloaded at the destination(s) it has specified 
for shipment;  
 
(2) 
To ensure the destination facility(ies) receive(s) and unload(s) railcars according to 
the requirements of the railway(s); 
 
(3) 
To make all arrangements necessary to complete the shipment, including, but not 
limited to, customs clearance; and 
 
(4) 
To provide to the Warrant Issuer and/or the railway all information required to 
process the shipment. 
 
c. 
In the event that the Delivery Certificate Holder is advised that the railcars will not be 
supplied for the week ordered, or that the arrival of the railcars will be delayed to a future 
week, the Delivery Certificate Holder may:  
 
(1) 
amend the mode of transport from rail to truck, in which case the Delivery 
Certificate Holder shall provide notice to the Warrant Issuer and the Exchange in 
writing, by e-mail, within one (1) Business Day of receiving notice that the railcars 
will be delayed.  Shipping instructions amended in this manner shall maintain their 
priority. 
 
(2) 
amend the destination of the shipment, in which case the Warrant Issuer shall 
amend their order(s) with the railway to reflect the updated destination. 
 
(3) 
reject the shipment, in which case all other provisions of nomination rejection set 
out elsewhere in the Rules shall apply.  The Delivery Certificate Holder must notify 
the Exchange in writing, by email  within one (1) Business Day of receiving notice 
that the railcars will be delayed. 
 
If the Delivery Certificate Holder does not elect one of the above options, it will be deemed 
to have accepted the delayed railcar schedule.  
 
d. 
Payment of freight and other charges: 
 
(1) 
The Delivery Certificate Holder will pay freight charges to the railway, except that; 
 
(i) 
For shipments to destinations within Canada, it will be the Warrant Issuer’s 
choice as to whether it will pay freight charges to the railway or whether the 
Delivery Certificate Holder will pay the freight charges to the railway; and 
 
(ii) 
For shipments to destinations outside Canada, the Warrant Issuer may pay 
freight charges to the railway only if the Delivery Certificate Holder agrees. 
 
(2) 
When the Warrant Issuer pays freight charges to the railway, the Delivery 
Certificate Holder will pay to the Warrant Issuer all charges published in the 
applicable railway tariffs for the shipment of single railcars on the shipment route 
for which the Warrant Issuer paid freight charges to the railway.  If the Warrant 


 
Issuer ships railcars for a total cost that is lower than the published tariff cost 
applicable to the shipment of single cars, the discount shall be retained by the 
Warrant Issuer. 
 
(3) 
When the Delivery Certificate Holder pays freight charges to the railway, the 
Delivery Certificate Holder will pay to the Warrant Issuer any discount or reduced 
rate or rebate received from the railway due to shipment of railcars in a multi-car 
block at a rate that is lower than the single car tariff rate, provided that if a shipment 
is made using any method of invoicing where charges relating to different parts of 
the shipment route are paid separately to different railways or freight carriers, 
including what is commonly referred to as “Rule 11” invoicing, the Delivery 
Certificate Holder will pay to the Warrant Issuer only the discount applicable on 
freight charges paid for the part of the shipment from the delivery location to the 
first invoicing junction point or gateway located outside of the provinces of 
Manitoba, Saskatchewan, and/or Alberta. 
 
(4) 
When the Delivery Certificate Holder supplies its own railcars and pays freight 
charges directly to the railway, the Delivery Certificate Holder will not make any 
payment to the Warrant Issuer for any discount or reduced rate or rebate received 
from the railway. 
 
(5) 
When the shipment is made from a location other than the location(s) originally 
accepted, then the Delivery Certificate Holder will pay the lesser of: 
 
(i)   
The freight rate from the location(s) originally accepted, plus or minus the 
regional premium / discount for that location, or 
(ii)   
The freight rate from the location actually shipped from, plus or minus the 
regional premium / discount for that location. 
 
  
And the amount noted above shall serve as the total amount owing for freight and 
any regional premium or discount. 
 
(6) 
The Delivery Certificate Holder will pay to the Warrant Issuer all charges related to 
the shipment that are incurred by the Warrant Issuer, including penalties, due to the 
unload of railcars at the destination. 
 
(7) 
The Warrant Issuer will invoice the Delivery Certificate Holder promptly upon 
completion of shipment, for all freight costs and charges as specified in the Rules. 
 
(8) 
The Delivery Certificate Holder will pay to the Warrant Issuer, within five (5) 
Business Days of receipt of the invoice, all freight costs and charges as specified in 
the Rules. 
 
(9) 
Upon request, the Warrant Issuer will provide the Exchange with documentation 
and full details on all of the shipping costs it has invoiced to the Delivery Certificate 
Holder. 
 
 
Amended by the Board December 11, 2019; effective April 28, 2020 [¶¶ (a)(1)(i)(A) through (C) and 
(c)(3) 
 
 


 
 
12.20  Confirmation of Shipment 
 
a. 
Within two (2) Business Days of the completion of shipment, whether by rail or by truck, 
the Warrant Issuer and the Delivery Certificate Holder shall enter a Confirmation of 
Shipment form in the Delivery System, or shall advise the Exchange, in writing, that a 
dispute exists.  For clarification, the two (2) day requirement set out in this Rule begins upon 
the completion of loading at origin when the first Official Sample is taken at loading, or 
upon the completion of unloading when the first Official Sample is taken at destination. 
 
b. 
A Shipment Fee, as established by the Exchange, shall be assessed to the Delivery 
Certificate Holder upon submission of the completed Confirmation of Shipment.  
 
c. 
The tonnage covered by a Warrant and a Delivery Certificate shall be reduced by the 
tonnage specified in the Confirmation of Shipment.   
 
Amended by the Board December 11, 2019; effective April 28, 2020 [¶¶ (a) through (c)]. 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2022; effective July 22, 2022 [¶ (a)]. 
 
12.21 
Accounting for Non-Par Premiums and Discounts 
 
a. 
In the event  that shipment is from a non-par delivery point and/or a premium or discount is 
payable for the shipment as provided elsewhere in the Rules: 
 
(1) 
the Delivery Certificate Holder, after completion of the shipment, shall invoice the 
Warrant Issuer for the appropriate discount(s); and/or 
 
(2) 
the Warrant Issuer shall, after completion of the shipment, invoice the Delivery 
Certificate Holder for the appropriate premium(s). 
 
b. 
All invoicing shall be done promptly upon completion of the Confirmation of Shipment 
being entered into the Delivery System and shall be payable within five (5) Business Days of 
the date of the invoice. 
 
Amended by the Board Decemer 11, 2019; effective April 28, 2020 [¶¶ (a)(1) and (b)]. 
 
12.22 
Official Samples of Shipment 
 
a. 
Each of the Delivery Certificate Holder and the Warrant Issuer at its own expense, may have 
an Official Sample taken, provided that the Official Sample is taken before the Canola 
leaves the control and ownership of the Delivery Certificate Holder. 
 
b. 
The party which had an Official Sample taken shall provide a copy of the documentation 
identifying the results of the Official Sample to the other party to the shipment and to the 
Exchange within three (3) Business Days of the Official Sample being taken. 
 
c. 
Official Samples must be taken by an entity designated in this Chapter 12  as an Official 
Sampler. 
 
 


 
 
12.23 
Weights and Grades/Quality Assessments 
 
 
All weights taken, and/or grade/quality assessment samples taken for testing pursuant to this Rule, 
must be weighed and/or taken before the canola leaves the control and ownership of the Delivery 
Certificate Holder. 
 
 
a. 
Weights 
 
 
Shipping weights shall apply in the following order of priority; 
 
 
(1) 
first weight taken by an Official Sampler ; 
(2) 
shippers’ affidavit.   The respective weight scale ticket(s) must be made available 
upon request. 
 
 
b. 
Grades/Quality Assessments 
 
 
 
Grades/quality assessments shall apply in the following order of priority; 
 
(1) 
first Official Sample taken by an Official Sampler prior to unload; 
 
 
(2) 
shippers’ affidavit. 
 
 
c. 
Evidence of Weighing or Inspection 
 
Any party alleging a weight or grade under this Rule must provide written supporting 
evidence from the entity conducting the weighing or inspection. 
 
12.24 
Dispute on Grade/Quality Assessments 
 
a. 
In the event of a dispute on grade/quality assessment, an Official Sample shall be taken by  
an Official Sampler prior to unload. 
 
 
 
 
b. 
If an Official Sample has already been taken by either or both parties to the contract, the 
grade/quality assessment designated to the Official Sample first taken, in accordance with 
the priorities stated in the Rules, shall be final. 
 
c. 
The unsuccessful party to the dispute shall be responsible for the costs of sampling, storage, 
 
and/or demurrage which must be paid forthwith. 
 
d. 
If it is deemed that there is a deficiency on the grade/quality assessment, ownership of the 
canola shall revert to the Warrant Issuer.  All reasonable costs incurred by the Delivery 
Certificate Holder, including, but not limited to, loading, transportation, disposal and 
replacement of the shipment shall be the responsibility of the Warrant Issuer and shall be 
paid forthwith. 
 
12.25 
Over-Shipments and Under-Shipments 
 
a. 
All over-shipments shall be considered as cash grain contracts and shall be settled through 
negotiation between the Delivery Certificate Holder and Warrant Issuer; 
 


 
b. 
All under-shipments of not more than ten percent of the quantity accepted, to a maximum of 
nine (9) tonnes, shall be considered as cash grain contracts and shall be settled through 
negotiation between the Delivery Certificate Holder and Warrant Issuer; 
 
c. 
By mutual agreement of the two parties, under-shipments greater than ten percent of the 
quantity accepted, or greater than nine (9) tonnes, may be cash settled. 
 
12.26 
Extension to Shipping Time Without Penalty   
 
a. 
Provided that all parties to the shipment agree, the shipping time may be extended and/or 
shipment may be made from a location different from the location(s) nominated and 
accepted without penalty or submission to arbitration when: 
 
(1) 
a condition of Force Majeure exists; 
(2) 
transportation is not clean and load ready; 
(3) 
inspection services are not available (if applicable);  
(4) 
inclement weather prevents loading; or 
(5) 
railcar shipping is delayed through no fault of either the Warrant Issuer or the 
Delivery Certificate Holder; 
 
 
 
These extensions to shipping time do not include any issues related to canola which does not 
meet grade requirements. 
 
b. It is the obligation of the parties to a shipment to advise the Exchange that one of the above 
conditions exist.  In the event that not all of the parties to a shipment agree that one of the 
above noted conditions exists, the party alleging the condition shall, within one (1) Business 
Day, send a letter to the Chief Operating Officer of the Exchange advising of the shipment at 
issue, its position as to why the condition applies, and providing a full account as to its 
rationale for taking such position. The written notice may be served on the Chief Operating 
Officer by courier or hand delivered to  Attention:  Chief Operating Officer or by e-mail 
transmission to  ICE-CanolaDeliveries@theice.com.  
 
c. 
The Chief Operating Officer, or his designate, shall review the letter and may seek such 
further and other particulars as he deems necessary to determine whether or not the condition 
applies.  The Chief Operating Officer, or his designate shall, within one (1) Business Day of 
receipt of the initial letter provide, to all parties to the shipment, his written determination 
(the “Determination”) as to whether or not the condition applies. 
 
d. 
In the event that a party to the shipment does not agree with the Determination, that party 
shall have two (2) Business Days following receipt of notice of the Determination to bring 
the matter to  Arbitration before a panel of the Canola Committee in accordance with the 
Rules.  
 
e. 
The decision of the Canola Committee panel with regard to whether or not a condition exists 
shall be final. 
 
 


 
 
12.27 
Default Rules  
 
a. 
Definitions 
 
The following terms have the indicated meanings: 
 
“Delivery Default” means 
 
(1) in the case of a Clearing Member with a short position in a canola futures contract on the Last 
Trading Day, the failure to (a) submit a Tender Notice by the applicable deadline under the Rules, (b) 
present or cause to be presented a Warrant in respect thereof that is accepted by the Exchange, and/or 
(c) provide or cause to be provided Initial Indemnification to the Exchange (less the value of any 
anticipated credit), in each case as and when required under Rule 12.11; and 
 
(ii) in the case of  a Clearing Member with a long position in a canola futures contract that has been 
matched for delivery under Rule 12.11, failure to pay the Delivery Day Value as and when required 
under such Rule.  
  
“Exchange Default Costs” means the costs and expenses incurred by the Exchange relating to a 
Delivery Default or Shipment Default, including all staff time, legal fees, arbitration costs and 
expenses.   
 
“Pre-Shipment Default” means a Shipment Default that occurs with respect to a Warrant Issuer or 
Delivery Certificate Holder (i) after the issuance of a Warrant or Delivery Certificate (and making of 
payment therefor) under the Rules, as applicable, and (ii) prior to the time the Delivery Certificate 
Holder has notified the Exchange that it is calling for shipment and has been matched up with the 
Warrant Issuer under the Rules.  
 
“Post-Shipment Default” means a Shipment Default that occurs after a Delivery Certificate Holder 
has notified the Exchange that it is calling for shipment and has been matched up by the Exchange 
with a Warrant Issuer pursuant to the Rules. 
 
“Shipment Default” means 
 
(1) in the case of a Delivery Certificate Holder: 
 
(i)  
being insolvent, making an assignment for the benefit of creditors, filing or being 
the subject of a voluntary or involuntary petition in bankruptcy or seeking liquidation, 
reorganization, arrangement, readjustment of its debts or any other relief under any 
bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law of any jurisdiction, or applying for or consenting to 
the appointment of a receiver, custodian, liquidator, conservator, trustee or similar official 
for all or a substantial part of its property, or such an official being appointed for it, or any 
similar event; 
 
(ii)  
giving evidence of an intention to cease doing business; 
 
(iii) 
failing to comply with any of its obligations under the Rules or related procedures 
relating to receipt of canola other than those constituting a Delivery Default; 
 
(iv) 
failing to comply with the ruling of an arbitration panel; or 


 
 
(v)  
any other event that, in the judgment of the Exchange, materially impairs its ability 
to perform its obligations to the Exchange. 
 
(2) 
in the case of a Warrant Issuer: 
 
(i)  
being insolvent, making an assignment for the benefit of creditors, filing or being 
the subject of a voluntary or involuntary petition in bankruptcy or seeking liquidation, 
reorganization, arrangement, readjustment of its debts or any other relief under any 
bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law of any jurisdiction, or applying for or consenting to 
the appointment of a receiver, custodian, liquidator, conservator, trustee or similar official 
for all or a substantial part of its property, or such an official being appointed for it, or any 
similar event; 
 
(ii) 
giving evidence of an intention to cease doing business; 
 
(iii) 
being unable or unwilling to renew its Merchant Participant status with the 
Exchange, as provided in the Rules; 
 
(iv) 
being unable or unwilling to continually meet the obligations of Merchant 
Participant status with the Exchange; 
 
(v) 
failing to maintain elevator registration(s) sufficient to support the Warrant 
obligations it has outstanding; 
 
(vi) 
failing to maintain stocks in store sufficient to meet its Warrant obligations; 
 
(vii) 
failing to post Additional Indemnification  as required by the Rules;  
 
(viii) 
failing to comply with any of its obligations under the Rules or related procedures 
relating to shipment of canola other than those constituting a Delivery Default; 
 
(ix) 
failing to comply with the ruling of an arbitration panel; or 
 
(x)  
any other event that, in the judgment of the Exchange, materially impairs its ability 
to perform its obligations to the Exchange, 
 
b. 
 Delivery Default 
 
In the event of a Delivery Default by a Clearing Member holding a short position, the Exchange shall 
match the defaulting Clearing Member against one or more Clearing Members holding open long 
positions at the time of the default for purposes of exercising remedies under this Rule. 
  
In the event of a Delivery Default by a Clearing Member holding a long position, the defaulting 
Clearing Member shall be deemed matched for purposes of exercising remedies under this Rule with 
the Clearing Member with which it was matched for purposes of payment of the Delivery Day Value 
under Rule 12.11.  
  
In each such event, the non-defaulting matched Clearing Member shall determine its losses (which 
shall include any cost of buy-in or sale of the commodity, as applicable, or, in the absence of such 
buy-in or sale, the fair market value of the commodity), together with its costs and expenses, and 


 
provide the Exchange and the defaulting Clearing Member to which it has been matched, an 
accounting thereof. Clearing Members shall use their best efforts to limit the amount of any 
additional losses sustained as a result of the Delivery Default.  
 
In the event of any dispute, disagreement or question as to such accounting, the Exchange shall refer 
the matter to the Canola Committee for a proceeding to determine  the amount of damages, costs and 
expenses, and the amount, if any, owed to the Clearing Member(s) in connection with the default. 
Such proceeding shall be conducted in accordance with Rule 12.28.  The Exchange shall have no 
liability to any Clearing Member with respect to a Delivery Default.   
 
The non-defaulting matched Clearing Member may pursue any claims against the defaulting 
Clearing Member for the amount owed to it (whether determined using the amounts in its accounting   
or the amounts determined by a Canola Committee panel) by arbitration before the Canola 
Committee in accordance with Rule 12.28. 
 
The occurrence of a Delivery Default shall be a violation of the Rules (in addition to constituting a 
default under the Clearing Organization Rules). 
 
c. 
Pre-Shipment Default 
 
In the event of a Pre-Shipment Default by a Warrant Issuer or Delivery Certificate Holder, the 
Exchange shall match the defaulter against one or more corresponding Delivery Certificate Holders 
or Warrant Issuers, respectively, on a FIFO basis (based on the oldest outstanding Delivery 
Certificate or Warrant, as applicable).  Following such matching, the provisions of subparagraph d or 
e, as applicable, shall apply as though a Post Shipment Default had occurred. 
 
d. 
Post-Shipment Default by Warrant Issuer 
 
In the event of a Post-Shipment Default by the Warrant Issuer, the matched Delivery Certificate 
Holder shall determine its losses (which shall include any cost of buy-in of the commodity not 
delivered or, in the absence of buy-in, the fair market value of the commodity not delivered) together 
with its costs and expenses, and provide the Exchange and the Warrant Issuer an accounting thereof.  
The Delivery Certificate Holder shall use its best efforts to limit the amount of any additional losses 
sustained as a result of the Shipment Default.  
 
In the event of any dispute, disagreement or question as to such accounting, the Exchange shall refer 
the matter to the Canola Committee for a proceeding to determine  the amount of damages, costs and 
expenses, and the amount, if any, owed to each of the Delivery Certificate Holder and the Warrant 
Issuer in connection with the default. Such proceeding shall be conducted in accordance with Rule 
12.28.    
 
The Exchange will determine the available funds it holds from indemnification paid by the defaulting 
Warrant Issuer (including the amount of any Delivery Day Value credited pursuant to Rule 12.11) 
pertaining to the Warrants at issue (the “Warrant Issuer Default Funds”).  The Exchange shall 
apply the Warrant Issuer Default Funds to the loss amount owed to the Delivery Certificate Holder 
determined using the amounts in its accounting (if there is no dispute with respect thereto) or, in the 
event the matter has been referred to the Canola Committee, the amounts determined by the panel 
appointed under Rule 12.28.  In the event the Exchange does not have sufficient Warrant Issuer 
Default Funds to cover the amounts owed to the Delivery Certificate Holder, the Delivery Certificate 
Holder may independently pursue a claim for the balance from the Warrant Issuer in such manner as 


 
it may elect.  The Exchange shall have no further liability to the Delivery Certificate Holder in 
respect of the default. 
 
The Exchange may apply any remaining Warrant Issuer Default Funds to Exchange Default Costs.  
In the event Warrant Issuer Default Funds do not cover the Exchange Default Costs, the Exchange 
may pursue a claim for the balance from the Warrant Issuer in such manner as it may elect. 
 
Provided there are any remaining Warrant Issuer Default Funds after payment of all amounts owed 
to the Delivery Certificate Holder and the Exchange, the balance will be provided to the defaulting 
Warrant Issuer, provided it executes a form of release as required by the Exchange.   
 
e. 
Post-Shipment Default by Delivery Certificate Holder  
 
In the event of a Post-Shipment Default by the Delivery Certificate Holder, the matched Warrant 
Issuer may elect to sell out the canola covered by the relevant Warrants or determine the fair market 
value thereof, and in either case shall determine its costs and expenses in connection with the default.  
The Warrant Issuer shall use its best efforts to limit the amount of any additional losses sustained as a 
result of the Shipment Default.   
 
The Warrant Issuer shall be entitled to the Delivery Day Value with respect to the defaulted shipment 
(including the amount thereof credited to indemnification under Rule 12.11), together with its costs 
and expenses in connection with the default (the “Warrant Issuer Entitlement”), to be retained or 
paid as set forth in this subsection.   
 
The Warrant Issuer shall provide the Exchange and the Delivery Certificate Holder an accounting of 
the Warrant Issuer Entitlement and the proceeds of sale or fair market value, as determined above.   
 
In the event of any dispute, disagreement or question with respect to such accounting, the Exchange 
shall refer the matter to the Canola Committee for a proceeding to determine the amount of damages, 
costs and expenses, and the amount, if any, owed to each of the Delivery Certificate Holder and the 
Warrant Issuer  in connection with the default.  Such proceeding shall be conducted in accordance 
with Rule 12.28.   
 
Payments in settlement of the obligations of the defaulting Delivery Certificate Holder and the 
Warrant Issuer will be made pursuant to (1) or (2) below (based on the amounts in the Warrant 
Issuer’s accounting (if there is no dispute with respect thereto) or, in the event the matter has been 
referred to arbitration, the amounts determined by the panel appointed under Rule 12.28. 
 
(1) If the Warrant Issuer has sold the canola, it shall retain from the proceeds thereof an 
amount equal to the Warrant Issuer Entitlement, and pay the remainder of such proceeds 
(“Excess Sale Proceeds”) to the Exchange.  If the sale proceeds are not sufficient to pay the 
Warrant Issuer Entitlement, the Exchange will pay the Warrant Issuer the difference from 
the amount of the Delivery Day Value then credited to indemnification for the defaulted 
shipment (but not to exceed the amount of such indemnification).  In the event such 
indemnification is not sufficient to cover the amounts owed to the Warrant Issuer, the 
Warrant Issuer may independently pursue a claim for the balance from the Delivery 
Certificate Holder in such manner as it may elect.  The Exchange shall have no further 
liability to the Warrant Issuer as a result of the default. 
 
The Exchange may apply any Excess Sale Proceeds, together with any Delivery Day Value 
in respect of the defaulted shipment not applied pursuant to the preceding paragraph 


 
(“Available Proceeds”), to Exchange Default Costs.  In the event such amounts do not 
cover the Exchange Default Costs, the Exchange may pursue a claim for the balance from 
the Delivery Certificate Holder in such manner as it may elect. 
 
Provided there are any remaining Available Proceeds after payment of all amounts owed to 
the Warrant Issuer and the Exchange, the balance will be provided to the defaulting Delivery 
Certificate Holder, provided it executes a form of release as required by the Exchange.   
 
(2) If the Warrant Issuer has not sold the canola but has determined the market value thereof, 
the Exchange shall determine an amount equal to (i) the market value of the canola minus 
(ii) the Warrant Issuer Entitlement.  If such amount is positive, the Warrant Issuer shall pay 
such amount to the Exchange (“Excess FMV”).  If such amount is negative, the Exchange 
will pay the absolute value of such amount to the Warrant Issuer from the amount of the 
Delivery Day Value then credited to indemnification for the defaulted shipment (but not to 
exceed the amount of such indemnification).  In the event such indemnification is not 
sufficient to cover the amounts owed to the Warrant Issuer, the Warrant Issuer may 
independently pursue a claim for the balance from the Delivery Certificate Holder in such 
manner as it may elect.  The Exchange shall have no further liability to the Warrant Issuer as 
a result of the default.  
 
The Exchange may apply any Excess FMV, together with any Delivery Day Value in 
respect of the defaulted shipment not applied pursuant to the preceding paragraph 
(“Available Proceeds”), to Exchange Default Costs.  In the event such amounts do not 
cover the Exchange Default Costs, the Exchange may pursue a claim for the balance from 
the Delivery Certificate Holder in such manner as it may elect. 
 
Provided there are any remaining Available Proceeds after payment of all amounts owed to 
the Warrant Issuer and the Exchange, the balance will be provided to the defaulting Delivery 
Certificate Holder, provided it executes a form of release as required by the Exchange.   
 
12.28  Canola Committee; Arbitration. 
(a) The Canola Committee shall be an Exchange Committee and shall consist of at least seven (7) and 
not more than twenty-one (21) individuals who are actively engaged, or employed by a firm that is 
actively engaged, in trading canola.  The Board shall endeavor to appoint representatives from diverse 
interests within the canola community, such as industry representatives, FCMs, asset managers and 
traders.  The Chairman of the Board shall be an ex officio member without a right to vote.  Each member 
of the Canola Committee shall serve for a one-year term, or until their successor has been appointed. 
(b) The Committee shall have and may exercise the power or authority of recommending to the Board 
any modifications to the contractual terms and conditions and advising the Board with respect to Canola 
Futures and Options Contracts.   
(c) (i) Any dispute or other matter relating to a Shipment Default or a Delivery Default arising under 
a canola contract shall be settled by arbitration before a panel of three (3) disinterested members of the 
Canola Committee (the “Panel”) who shall be appointed by the Chairman of the committee. A written 
notice setting forth the basis of the dispute shall be delivered to the Warrant Issuer and the Exchange’s 
General Counsel within ten (10) Business Days of the relevant party becoming aware of the dispute or 
matte.  


 
 (ii) A Panel shall be appointed by the Chairman of the Canola Committee as soon as practicable after 
receipt of the written notice. The Panel shall establish the date, time and place for a hearing; the 
procedures to be followed in any hearing shall be those specified in Chapter 20 of the Rules regarding 
arbitrations generally except that (i) the dispute may be decided on the papers, supporting documents, 
affidavits and other materials submitted to the Exchange in accordance with the procedures set forth in 
Rule 20.03(a)(ix), if all of the parties agree to such procedure, and provided further, that notwithstanding 
such agreement, the Chairman of the Canola Committee or his designee, in his sole discretion, may 
require that a hearing be held.  
   (iii) The Panel shall render its award in writing adjudging which, if any, party is in default, declaring 
the applicable settlement price or fair market value, awarding the amount of money, if any, to be paid by 
the party in default, and granting any further remedy or relief which it deems just and equitable, which 
may include the award of money in an amoucnt which exceeds the amounts to be paid pursuant to other 
provisions of the Rules.  The award of the Panel shall be final and binding upon each of the parties to the 
arbitration, and judgment upon such award may be entered by any court having jurisdiction.  In addition, 
any award, if not complied with within the time specified in the award, shall be enforceable by 
disciplinary proceedings pursuant to the Rules. 
 (v) The parties to the arbitration shall pay each individual appointed to the Panel at the rate of $500 
per day.  In each such matter, the Exchange shall determine the amount of time for which the Panel is 
compensated and the Panel shall determine the proportion in which such compensation shall be paid by 
each of the parties. 
 
 
 
 


 
 
PART C – ELEVATORS, WARRANTS, 
HANDLING AGREEMENTS,  AUDITS AND ELEVATOR OPERATORS 
 
12.29 Elevators to be Registered 
 
(a) 
Only elevators registered as “for delivery” are eligible for the purposes of making delivery, 
including issuing Warrants, and/or shipping against any Canola Futures Contract.  
 
In order to apply to register an elevator the elevator owner, operator or lessee shall: 
 
(1) 
be a Merchant Participant or be an Elevator Operator licensed by  the Exchange; 
and 
 
(2) 
in the case of a lessee of an elevator, provide a properly executed statutory 
declaration in such form as may be determined from time to time by the Exchange. 
 
(b) 
To be registered, an elevator must be located in one of the designated delivery regions and: 
 
 
(i) 
be connected by railroad tracks with one or more railway lines, rated to 
carry not less than 263,000 lbs. (car and contents), appropriate to its 
location and purpose; 
(ii) 
be equipped with facilities for receiving commodities by truck and for 
shipping commodities by truck and by rail; 
(iii) 
shall have the capability for spotting a minimum of ten (10) hopper cars 
(full car spot) if registering elevators against the canola futures contract; 
(iv) 
be furnished with suitable improvements and appliances for convenient and 
expeditious receiving, handling and shipping of commodities in bulk; and 
(v) 
be licensed by the Canadian Grain Commission, as a terminal, transfer,  
primary or process elevator; and 
(vi) 
be registered as a Food Facility with the United States Food and Drug 
Administration. 
 
Amended by the Board December 11, 2019; effective April 28, 2020 [¶¶ (a) and (b)]. 
 
12.30  Requirements for Elevator Registration 
 
(a) In order to register elevators and maintain such registrations, a Merchant Participant and an  
Elevator Operator, as applicable, shall comply with the requirements specified in this Rule. 
Failure to comply with the requirements of this Rule and the provisions set out in the elevator 
application may result in deregistration. The effective date for registration of any elevator shall 
be the Business Day following the date of approval of the application by the Exchange, 
provided, however, that if either the date of approval or the following Business Day are within a 
delivery month, then the effective date shall be the first Business Day of the month following the 
approval.  Registration shall be applicable for delivery against Canola Futures Contracts with 
open interest. Registration requires that the Merchant Participant or  Elevator Operator, as 
applicable: 
  
 


 
(1) 
complete the form of Elevator Application specified by the Exchange and have 
same accepted by the Exchange; 
 
(2) 
provide such information as the Exchange may require concerning the state of the 
facility, its operation, management of the business or any other information 
requested; 
 
(3) 
if a Merchant Participant, provide and maintain indemnification to the Exchange in 
such form and amount as may be required from time to time; 
 
(4) 
where applicable, provide and have on file with the Exchange Registered Handling 
Agreements; 
 
(5) 
provide to the Exchange a report at such times and in such form as may be required 
by the Exchange on: 
 
(i) 
all outstanding elevator receipts and commodity receipts provided under the 
Canada Grain Act, by deliverable commodity and grade and location;  
(ii) 
all shipments provided under the Canada Grain Act by deliverable 
commodity and grade and location; 
(iii) 
all stocks in store by deliverable commodity and grade and location; 
(iv) 
shipments made pursuant to Exchange contracts; 
(v) 
cash bid and offer information; and 
(vi) 
any operational information requested by the Exchange; 
 
 
(6) 
make the elevators available immediately upon request by the Exchange, or an 
agent of the Exchange, for an inspection or review which may include an audit of 
the elevators;   
 
(7) 
keep all required insurance in good standing; and 
 
(8) 
provide any other information to the Exchange which may be requested from time 
to time. 
 
(b) The Exchange shall, in its sole discretion, determine acceptance of an application for registration 
of an elevator.  The fact that a company is a Merchant Participant or licensed as an Elevator 
Operator does not result in automatic registration of any or all of its elevators. 
 
(c) Merchant Participants and Elevator Operators with registered elevators shall furnish complete 
and accurate reports to the Exchange regarding: 
 
(1) 
stock information, as required, as filed with, and on the date submitted to the 
Canadian Grain Commission; enter into Delivery System weekly 
 
(2) 
daily cash bids, as requested by the Exchange, by noon the following day; and 
 
(3) 
interim stock information if requested by the Exchange.  
 
 
 
(d) 
Extracts or consolidations from information required pursuant to this Rule may be 
published by the Exchange. Merchant Participants eligible to issue Warrants shall provide 


 
the Exchange with a properly executed Corporate Authorizing Resolution (in the form 
specified by the Exchange) listing all persons authorized to sign Warrants. 
 
Amended by the Board December 11, 2019; effective April 28, 2020 [¶¶ (c)(1)]. 
 
12.31 
Continuity of Operations 
 
All Merchant Participants and  Elevator Operators with registered elevators must provide the 
Exchange with written notice no less than sixty (60) days prior to cessation of registration of an 
elevator  and/or change in ownership of an  elevator.  A request to cease elevator registration(s) 
sooner than sixty (60) days, may be submitted to the Exchange in writing and shall be determined by 
the Exchange in its sole discretion. 
 
 
12.32   Acceptance of Elevators for Registration 
 
No elevator shall be eligible to be registered if its location, accessibility, tariffs or other qualifications 
depart from the uniformity to the extent that its documents tendered in satisfaction of futures 
contracts: (1)will unduly affect the value of futures contracts, or (2) impair futures trading on the 
Exchange. 
 
 
Amended by the Board December 11, 2019; effective April 28, 2020. 
 
12.33 
Change in Elevator Information 
 
Any change to the information required in the registration information provided to the Exchange 
shall promptly be reported to the Exchange, including, but not limited to, the following information:  
the station number, the lease expiry date (if applicable), the category of elevator (primary, process, 
terminal), rail line information, track capacity (weight), storage capacity, car spots (full car, day car). 
 
 
12.34 Registered Handling Agreements 
 
(a) 
Merchant Participants may enter into Handling Agreements with other Merchant 
Participants and/or  Elevator Operators which have elevators registered for delivery.  The 
Handling Agreement may not contravene any provision of the Exchange Rules or By-
laws.  Both parties to such a Handling Agreement shall jointly file a “Request to Register 
Handling Agreement” in the form specified by the Exchange.   Warrants cannot be issued 
until such time as the Exchange has provided notice in writing to both parties that the 
Handling Agreement has been registered.   
 
(b) 
A Handling Agreement may be terminated upon both parties providing ninety (90) days 
written notice to the Exchange, unless the proposed termination date falls on a date 
between the First Notice Day through the end of a delivery month, in which case the date 
of termination of the Handling Agreement will be the first Business Day after the said 
delivery month. 
 
(c) Parties to Handling Agreements may enter into any ancillary agreements they deem necessary 
to give effect to their requirements provided that such ancillary agreements may not 
contradict or deviate in any way whatsoever from the provisions of the Rules. 
  


 
Amended by the Board December 11, 2019; effective April 28, 2020 [¶ (a)]. 
 
12.35 Entities Eligible to Issue Warrants 
 
Warrants may be issued for all Canola Futures Contracts by Merchant Participants that have 
elevators registered under the provisions of these Rules and/or that have Registered Handling 
Agreements on file at the Exchange. 
 
12.36 
Limitation on Warrants Issued/Handling Agreements Registered 
 
(a) 
No Merchant Participant shall issue Warrants in  amounts that, in aggregate with all 
Warrants it has issued, exceeds: 
 
(1) 
ten (10) times the Load Out Capacity for each of its elevators registered for 
delivery; plus 
(2) 
ten (10) times the Load Out Capacity for that portion of the elevator or elevators 
in respect of which it has Registered Handling Agreements. 
 
 
(b) 
No Elevator Operator shall enter into Handling Agreements which, in total, exceed ten 
(10) times its Load Out Capacity for all of its elevators registered for delivery. 
 
Amended by the Board December 11, 2020; effective April 28, 2020 [¶¶ (a)(1) and (b)]. 
 
12.37 Misrepresentations on Warrants – Penalties Attached 
 
A misrepresentation on a Warrant affects the integrity of the delivery processes of the Exchange.  
Any misrepresentation is subject to a penalty to be imposed by the Business Conduct Committee 
of up to ten percent (10%) of the value of such Warrants issued, based on current market value of 
the underlying commodity, with the minimum penalty being $100,000. 
 
 
12.38 
Warrant Obligations Remain the Responsibility of the Issuer of the Warrant 
 
Notwithstanding anything else in these Rules, all responsibilities and obligations relating to a 
Warrant are and remains that of the Warrant Issuer.  For the avoidance of doubt, the fact that a 
Merchant Participant has a Registered Handling Agreement with another Person on file at the 
Exchange, has stored product with another Person, has nominated shipping points out of the 
elevators of another Person and/or has commenced shipping out of the elevators of another Person, 
does not in any way affect that the ultimate responsibility for  fulfilment of all Warrant obligations is 
and remains that of the Merchant Participant that issued the Warrant(s). 
   
 
12.39 Elevator Operators to Be Approved; Duty of Supervision 
 
 
 
(a) 
Elevator Operators shall apply for registration with the Exchange, and shall execute such 
agreements as the Exchange may prescribe from time to time, and provide such information as 
the Exchange may request, in accordance with the Exchange’s application forms and 
procedures. The Exchange may deny an application for registration if any of the requirements 
specified in the preceding sentence have not been satisfied, and/or if the Exchange determines 
that, based on the information disclosed in the application, registration would not be in the best 
interests of the Exchange, provided, however, that prior to denying the application, the 


 
Exchange shall provide the applicant with (i) written notice setting forth its intention to deny 
the application and the grounds for denial and (ii) an opportunity to be heard by the Board to 
present evidence as to why the application should be granted. A request to be heard by the 
Board shall be furnished in writing to the Exchange General Counsel within two (2) Business 
Days following issuance of the notice of intention to deny the application. The evidence to be 
considered by the Board shall be presented by written submission in accordance with 
procedures specified by the Board, and the decision rendered by the Board shall be final.  
 
(b) 
All Elevator Operators shall adopt written policies and procedures to be followed by their 
directors, officers, employees, representatives and agents who are involved in or engage in 
business activities related to the Exchange, that are adequate, taking into account the 
nature, scope and complexity of their business, to ensure compliance with the Rules and 
applicable law.  
 
Amended by the Board June 21, 2023; effective July 31, 2023 [¶ (a)]. 
 
12.40 
Audit of Registered Elevators and Stocks 
 
 
 
 
Merchant Participants and Elevator Operators with elevators registered for delivery must cooperate 
fully and permit all their registered facilities to be audited by the Exchange or its agent.  A 
representative from the Firm may be present during the audit.  The Firm and all employees will 
cooperate fully with the Exchange and/or its agent in the conduct of the audit. 
 
 
Failure to comply with an audit in accordance with these Rules endangers the integrity of the 
delivery process.  Such failure is a violation which is subject to a hearing before the Business 
Conduct Committee. If there is any dispute on grade and the audited Firm  is not satisfied with the 
grade determinations of the audit, the Firm can, at its cost, have the Canadian Grain Commission 
conduct a grade inspection.  The inspection done by the Canadian Grain Commission shall be in 
writing and shall be determinative. 
 
 
 
 
At the conclusion of a  hearing into the findings of an audit, the panel of the Business Conduct 
Committee hearing the matter may address the issue of the auditor’s costs and may require that the 
audited Firm pay part or all of the costs of the audit. 
  
Amended by the Board December 11, 2019; effective April 28, 2020. 
 
 
 
 


 
PART D - CANOLA OPTIONS 
Rule 12.41.  Unit of Trading 
The unit of trading shall be the Option to buy, in the case of a Call, or the Option to sell, in the case of 
a Put, one (1) Canola Futures Contract. 
Rule 12.42. Trading Months  
Trading in Canola Options shall be conducted in contract months as shown below: 
(a) - Regular Options: 
An Option based on the January future that will expire in the previous December; 
An Option based on the March future that will expire in the previous February; 
An Option based on the May future that will expire in the previous April; 
An Option based on the July future that will expire in the previous June; 
An Option based on the November future that will expire in the previous October. 
(b) - Serial Options: 
An Option based on the March future that will expire in the previous January; 
An Option based on the May future that will expire in the previous March; 
An Option based on the July future that will expire in the previous May; 
An Option based on the November future that will expire in the previous July; 
An Option based on the November future that will expire in the previous August; 
An Option based on the November future that will expire in the previous September; 
An option based on the January future that will expire in the previous November. 
The number of Regular and Serial Options Contract months listed at any time shall be as determined 
by the Exchange. 
Rule 12.43. Premium Quotations 
Premiums shall be quoted in cents and hundredths of a Canadian cent per ton. The minimum 
fluctuation in Premiums shall be $0.10 per ton. Trading in Canola Options shall not be subject to price 
limits. 
Rule 12.44. Last Trading Day 
(a) For all Options contracts other than the Option on the January future that expires in the previous 
December, the Last Trading Day shall be the last Friday which precedes the last Business Day of the 
calendar month preceding the named Option Month by at least two Business Days.  In the event that such 
Friday is not a Business Day, the Last Trading Day shall be the Business Day preceding such Friday. 
 
(b) For the Option on the January future that expires in the previous December the Last Trading 
Day shall be the third Friday of December. In the event that such Friday is not a Business Day, the Last 
Trading Day shall be the Business Day preceding such Friday. 
 
 
 
 


 
 
Rule 12.45 Obligations of Option Purchasers 
(a) The Purchaser which purchases a Canola Option shall cause such Option to be submitted by a 
Clearing Member to the Clearing Organization for clearance in accordance with the Rules of the Clearing 
Organization. 
(b) The Purchaser which clears a Canola Option shall pay in full the Premium to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with the Rules of the Clearing Organization. 
(c) The Purchaser of a Canola Option shall, upon exercising such Option in accordance with the 
Rules, enter into an Underlying Futures Contract to buy (in the case of a Call) or to sell (in the case of a 
Put) Canola for delivery in the regular or serial Option Month's Underlying Futures Contract, at the Strike 
Price specified in such Option; provided, however, that any such contract entered into upon exercise shall 
be entered into for the account of the Person having purchased the Canola Option. 
Rule 12.46. Obligations of Option Grantors 
(a) The Grantor which grants a Canola Option shall cause such Option to be submitted by a Clearing 
Member to the Clearing Organization for clearance in accordance with the Rules of the Clearing 
Organization. 
(b) The Grantor which clears a Canola Option shall make such Margin deposits as the Clearing 
Organization may require. 
(c) The Grantor of a Canola Option shall, upon being assigned an Exercise Notice in accordance with 
the Rules of the Clearing Organization, enter into an Underlying Futures Contract to sell (in the case of a 
Call) or to buy (in the case of a Put) Canola for delivery in the regular or serial Option Month's 
Underlying Futures Contract, at the Strike Price specified in such Option; provided, however, that any 
such contract entered into upon assignment of an Exercise Notice shall be entered into for the account of 
the Person having granted the Canola Option. 
Rule 12.47. Effect of Clearance 
Upon acceptance of a Canola Option by the Clearing Organization, the Clearing Organization shall be 
substituted as, and assume the position of, the Purchaser to the Clearing Member which is the Grantor and 
the position of the Grantor to the Clearing Member which is the Purchaser; and thereupon the Clearing 
Organization shall have all the rights and obligations with respect to such Option as the parties for which 
it is substituted. 
Rule 12.48. Expiration of Canola Options 
A Canola Option shall expire at 5:00 p.m. on the Last Trading Day; provided, however, that any such 
Option which is one (1) point or more in-the-money and remains unexercised after that time shall be 
automatically exercised by the Clearing Organization, unless, before 5:00 p.m. on the Last Trading Day, 
the Clearing Member gives the Clearing Organization written instructions that any such Option is to 
expire unexercised. 
Rule 12.49. Strike Prices  
(a) Options on Canola Futures Contracts shall trade with Strike Prices in five Canadian dollars 
($5.00) per ton intervals. 
(b) The number of Strike Prices listed for trading at any time shall be as determined by the Exchange. 
 
 


 
Rule 12.50 Notice of Exercise 
(a) An Option may be exercised by the buyer on any Business Day that such Option is traded. 
(b) An Exercise Notice of any Option shall be in the form prescribed by the Clearing Organization 
and in accordance with Clearing Organization Rules for Puts and Calls. The Clearing Member who is 
representing the buyer shall present an Exercise Notice to the Clearing Organization by 5:00 p.m. on the 
day of exercise. 
(c) The Clearing Organization, based on Exercise Notices received from Clearing Members, shall 
allocate such exercised Options among Clearing Members having short Positions in such Options on a pro 
rata basis, make necessary entries on its books to convert the exercised Option into the Underlying 
Futures Contract and so notify the affected Clearing Member. 
 
 
PART E OPTIONS ON CANOLA FUTURES SPREADS  
Rule 12.51. Definitions 
(a) A Transaction involving Options to enter into Canola calendar Spread Futures Contracts on the 
Exchange shall be referred to as either a “Canola Spread Option” or “RSSO”. 
(b) A Canola Put Spread Option represents an Option to assume a short Position in the first (1st) 
expiring Canola Futures Contract in the spread and a long Position in the second (2nd) expiring Canola 
Futures Contract in the spread traded on the Exchange. A Canola Call Spread Option represents an Option 
to assume a long Position in the first (1st) expiring Canola Futures Contract in the spread and a short 
Position in the second (2nd) expiring Canola Futures Contract in the spread traded on the Exchange. 
 
(c) For the purposes of this Chapter, unless otherwise noted herein, the following terms shall have the 
following meanings: 
 
(i) the term “Spread Price” shall mean the mathematical result of subtracting the price of the 
second (2nd) delivery month of the Underlying Futures Contract in the RSSO from the price 
of the first (1st) delivery month of the Underlying Futures Contract in the RSSO; and 
 
(ii) the term “Settlement Spread Price” shall mean the mathematical result of subtracting 
the Settlement Price of the second (2nd) delivery month of the Underlying Futures 
Contract in the RSSO from the Settlement Price of the first (1st) delivery month of the 
Underlying Futures Contract in the RSSO. 
 
 
Rule 12.52. Trading Months 
 
 
 
 
(a) Except as the Board may otherwise prescribe, expiration months of the Underlying Futures 
Contract which are eligible for listing with respect to Canola Spread Options shall be:  January, 
March, May, July and November.  
 
 
(b) Except as the Board may otherwise prescribe, Canola Spread Options shall be listed for trading as 
follows: 


 
 
(i) 1 month series: Each of the first six expiration months paired with its next successive 
expiration month. 
Rule 12.53. Premium Quotations 
 
Premiums shall be quoted in cents and hundredths of a Canadian cent per ton. The minimum 
fluctuation in Premiums shall be $0.10 per ton, Trading in Canola Options shall not be subject to price 
limits. 
 
Rule 12.54. Last Trading Day 
 
The Last Trading Day for any RSSO series pair shall be the day as provided for in Canola Options 
Rule 12.44, as that day would apply to the first expiring delivery month in the pair. 
 
Rule 12.55. Obligations of RSSO Purchasers 
 
 
 
 
 
(a) The Purchaser which purchases a RSSO shall cause such RSSO to be submitted by a 
Clearing Member to the Clearing Organization for clearance in accordance with the Clearing 
Organization Rules. 
 
 
 
 
 
(b) The Purchaser which clears a RSSO shall pay in full the Premium to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with the Clearing Organization Rules. 
 
(c) The Purchaser of a RSSO shall, upon exercising such RSSO in accordance with the Rules, enter 
into Underlying Futures Contracts to buy the first (1st) delivery month in the RSSO and sell the second 
(2nd) delivery month in the RSSO (in the case of a Call) or to enter into Underlying Futures Contracts to 
sell the first (1st) delivery month in the RSSO and buy the second (2nd) delivery month of the RSSO (in 
the case of a Put), at a Spread Price equal to the Strike Price specified in such RSSO; provided, however, 
that any such contracts entered into upon exercise shall be entered into the account of the Person having 
purchased the RSSO. 
 
(d) Futures contracts entered into by the Purchaser of a RSSO, as provided for in paragraph (c) herein, 
shall have prices assigned to those futures contracts in the following manner: 
  
(i) The first (1st) delivery month futures contract shall be assigned the price equal to the 
Settlement Price for that month on the day of exercise, and 
 
(ii) The second (2nd) delivery month futures contract shall be assigned the price that is the 
mathematical result of the first (1st) delivery month futures contract Settlement Price, as provided 
for in subparagraph (d)(i) herein, minus the Spread Price specified in such RSSO. 
Rule 12.56. Obligations of RSSO Grantors 
 
 
(a) The Grantor which grants a RSSO shall cause such RSSO to be submitted by a Clearing Member 
to the Clearing Organization for clearance in accordance with the Clearing Organization Rules. 
 


 
(b) The Grantor of a RSSO shall make such Margin deposits as the Clearing Organization may 
require. 
 
(c) The Grantor of a RSSO shall, upon being assigned an Exercise Notice in accordance with the 
Clearing Organization Rules, enter into Underlying Futures Contracts to sell the first (1st) delivery month 
of the RSSO and buy the second (2nd) delivery month of a RSSO (in the case of a Call) or to enter into 
Underlying Futures Contracts to buy the first (1st) delivery month of the RSSO and sell the second (2nd) 
delivery month in the RSSO (in the case of a Put), at a Spread Price equal to the Strike Price specified in 
such RSSO; provided, however, that any such contracts entered into upon assignment of an Exercise 
Notice shall be entered into for the account of the Person having granted the RSSO. 
 
(d) Futures contracts entered into by the Grantor of a RSSO, as provided for in paragraph (c) herein, 
shall have prices assigned to those futures contracts in the following manner: 
 
(i) The first (1st) delivery month futures contract shall be assigned the price equal to the Settlement 
Price for that month on the day of exercise; and 
 
(ii) The second (2nd) delivery month futures contract shall be assigned the price that is the 
mathematical result of the first (1st) delivery month futures contract Settlement Price, as provided for 
in subparagraph (d)(i) herein, minus the Spread Price specified in such RSSO. 
Rule 12.57. Effect of Clearance 
Upon acceptance of a RSSO by the Clearing Organization, the Clearing Organization shall be 
substituted as, and assume the position of the Purchaser to the Clearing Member which is the Grantor and 
the position of the Grantor to the Clearing Member which is the Purchaser; and thereupon the Clearing 
Organization shall have all the rights and obligations with respect to such RSSO as the parties for which it 
is substituted. 
 
Rule 12.58. Expiration of RSSOs 
 
A RSSO shall expire at 5:00 pm on the Last Trading Day; provided, however, that any such RSSO 
which is one (1) point or more In-The-Money and remains unexercised after that time shall be 
automatically exercised by the Clearing Organization, unless, before 5:00 p.m. on the Last Trading Day, 
the Clearing Member gives the Clearing Organization written instructions that any such Option is to 
expire unexercised. 
 
Rule 12.59. Strike Prices 
 
(a) Options on Canola Futures Contracts shall trade with Strike Prices in five Canadian dollars 
($5.00) per ton intervals. 
(b) The number of Strike Prices listed for trading at any time shall be as determined by the Exchange. 
 
 
Rule 12.60. Notice of Exercise 
 
(a) An RSSO may be exercised by the buyer on any Business Day that such RSSO is traded. 


 
(b) An Exercise Notice of any RSSO shall be in the form prescribed by the Clearing Organization and 
in accordance with Clearing Organization Rules for Puts and Calls. The Clearing Member who is 
representing the buyer shall present an Exercise Notice to the Clearing Organization by 5:00 p.m. on the 
day of exercise. 
(c) The Clearing Organization, based on Exercise Notices received from Clearing Members, shall 
allocate such exercised RSSOs among Clearing Members having short Positions in such RSSOs on a pro 
rata basis, make necessary entries on its books to convert the exercised RSSO into the Underlying Futures 
Contract and so notify the affected Clearing Member. 
 
 
 
 
CANOLA NON-PAR PRICE DIFFERENTIAL SCHEDULE 
 
Non-Par Regions 
 
 
 
 
Time Period 
 
 
 
 
Central 
East 
 
 
 
Central 
West 
 
 
 
 
Eastern 
 
Western 
(excl. Peace 
River 
District 
of 
Alta.) 
 
 
 
 
Peace River 
Effective 
November 1/18 
NA 
$2.00/t 
Premium 
$2.00/t 
Discount 
$6.00/t 
Premium 
$2.00/t 
Premium 
 
 
 


13-1 
 
ICE Futures U.S.®, Inc. 
 
FCOJ RULES 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Rule 
 
Subject 
13.00 
Scope of Chapter 
13.01 
Contract for Future Delivery of FCOJ 
13.02 
FCOJ Tenderable against Exchange Contracts 
13.03 
Bottom Pulp and Oil Limitations 
13.04 
Contract Unit: Weight 
13.05 
Form of Delivery 
13.06 
Trading Months 
13.07 
Quotation Basis 
13.08 
Price Limits 
13.09 
First and Last Notice Days 
13.10 
Last Trading Day 
13.11 
FCOJ Differential 
13.12 
First and Last Delivery Days 
13.13 
Delivery Notices 
13.14 
Reserved  
13.15 
Invoicing Weight 
13.16 
Delivery of Invoice and Documents 
13.17 
Reserved 
13.18 
Default in Delivery 
13.19  
Contract Binding Until Settled 
13.20 
Reserved 
13.21 
Reserved 
13.22 
Delivery Points 
13.23 
Delivery Claims 
13.24 
Force Majeure 
13.25 
Computation of Time 
FCOJ OPTIONS 
13.30 
Unit of Trading 
13.31 
Trading Months 
13.32 
Strike Prices 
13.33 
Premium Quotations 
13.34 
Absence of Price Fluctuation Limitations For FCOJ Options 
13.35 
Last Trading Day 
13.36 
Obligations of Option Purchasers 
13.37 
Obligations of Option Grantors 
13.38 
Effect of Clearance 
13.39 
Expiration 
13.40 
Exercise Notice 
13.41 
FCOJ Option Contract   


13-2 
FCOJ RESOLUTION 
 
No. 1 
Tank Facility Procedures and Requirements for the Storage of Exchange FCOJ 


13-3 
 
ICE FUTURES U.S.®, INC. 
 
FCOJ RULES 
 
FUTURES 
Rule 13.00. Scope of Chapter 
(a) The Rules in this Chapter govern Transactions in Frozen Concentrated Orange Juice 
(“FCOJ”) Futures and Options Contracts. All FCOJ Futures and Options Contracts, and all 
trading herein, shall be subject to the Rules, including the terms and conditions set forth in this 
Chapter. In the event of any inconsistency between the Rules in this Chapter and any Rules, the 
provisions of this Chapter shall govern with respect to FCOJ Futures and Options Contracts. 
(b) The FCOJ Futures Contract market consists of: 
(i) FCOJ-A Futures Contracts; and 
(ii) FCOJ-B Futures Contracts. 
(c) FCOJ-B Futures Contracts shall trade only as a component of the spread between FCOJ-B 
and FCOJ-A Futures Contracts plus one hundred cents for any like trading month (hereafter 
known as “FCOJ Differential Contracts”), until such time as set forth in Rule 13.08(3); and 
thereafter FCOJ-B Futures Contracts may trade—as an outright as well as a component of the 
spread until the Last Trading Day as set forth in Rule 13.08(2). A long Position in the FCOJ 
Differential is equivalent to being long FCOJ-B and short FCOJ-A. A short Position in the FCOJ 
Differential is equivalent to being short FCOJ-B and long FCOJ-A. 
Rule 13.01. Contract for Future Delivery of FCOJ 
(a) All contracts for the future delivery of FCOJ shall be in the following form: 
ICE FUTURES U.S., INC.® 
FROZEN CONCENTRATED ORANGE JUICE CONTRACT 
New York, N. Y. _____________________________ 
20 ____________  
A.B. have this day (bought) (sold) and agree to (receive from) (deliver to) C.D. 15,000 pounds 
of orange solids at the price of  __ cents per pound for U.S. Grade A frozen concentrated orange 
juice (“FCOJ”) in accordance with the Rules of ICE Futures U.S., Inc. (the “Exchange”), 
deliverable from a licensed public warehouse or a licensed tank facility 
in 
__________________________________  (point of delivery) between the first (1st) and last 
delivery days of ___________________________  inclusive, and the delivery within such time 
to be at seller's Option upon notice to buyer, as provided by the Rules of the Exchange. 
This contract is made in view of, and in all respects subject to, the Rules of the Exchange.  
For and in consideration of one dollar ($1.00) to the undersigned, in hand paid, receipt 
whereof is hereby acknowledged, the undersigned accepts this contract with all its obligations and 
conditions. 
Delivery of FCOJ on contract may be made at delivery points designated by the Board. The 
designated delivery points may be added to or subtracted from at the discretion of the Board after 
clearance with the CFTC and proper notice to the Membership. 
 


13-4 
Rule 13.02. FCOJ Tenderable Against Exchange Contracts 
 
(a) FCOJ-A: “U.S. Grade A” with a Brix value of not less than 62.5 degrees having a Brix 
value to acid ratio of not less than 14.0 to 1 nor more than 19.0 to 1 and a minimum score of 94, 
with the minimums for the component factors fixed at 37 for color, 37 for flavor and 19 for 
defects; product shall be from any one (1) of the following origins or any blend of the following 
origins:  the United States, Brazil, Mexico and Costa Rica. 
 (b) FCOJ-B: “U.S. Grade A” with a Brix value of not less than 62.5 degrees having a Brix 
value to acid ratio of not less than 14.0 to 1 nor more than 19.0 to 1 and a minimum score of 94, 
with the minimums for the component factors fixed at 37 for color, 37 for flavor and 19 for 
defects. 
(c) FCOJ as specified in subparagraphs (a) and (b) of this Rule is the quality of FCOJ that is 
deliverable under Exchange contract, provided that FCOJ with a Brix value of more than 66 
degrees shall be calculated as having 7.278 pounds of solids per gallon delivered. The United 
States Standards for Grades of concentrated orange juice for manufacturing effective November 
17, 1964 (last amended January 10, 1983) shall be used as the Standards for the grade and quality 
of all FCOJ delivered on contract for future delivery. In the event of an amendment to the official 
U.S. Standards for Grades of concentrated orange juice for manufacturing, such amended 
Standards shall become effective for deliveries on and after the effective date of such Standards. 
(d) To determine the color scores for FCOJ for delivery on contract, the color shall be 
evaluated by comparing the color of the juice with the USDA Orange Juice Color Standards as 
points of reference. Any device approved by the USDA which gives values equivalent to the 
USDA Color Standards may be used.  
 
Amended by the Board March 5, 2008; effective March 24, 2008 [¶ (a) effective with July 2009 
delivery month]. 
Amended by the Board April 15, 2009; effective April 24, 2009 [¶ (d)]. 
Rule 13.03. Bottom Pulp and Oil Limitations 
On delivery of FCOJ under an Exchange Futures Contract, the maximum amount of bottom 
(sinking) pulp shall be twelve percent (12%) on the initial test and the percentage of recoverable 
oil shall not be less than .005% nor more than .020%. 
Rule 13.04. Contract Unit: Weight 
The delivery weight of a contract shall be fifteen thousand (15,000) pounds orange solids, a 
variation therefrom of three percent (3%) being permitted. 
Rule 13.05. Form of Delivery 
Each contract for FCOJ shall be delivered by tank delivery (i.e., stored in tanks). Each 
contract delivered by tank delivery shall require the delivery of an EWR, as defined in Rule 
13.13, registered with the Exchange for FCOJ meeting the specifications for delivery by tank in 
accordance with the Rules. 
Amended by the Board April 15, 2009; effective April 24, 2009. 
Rule 13.06. Trading Months 
(a) Unless the Board otherwise directs, trading shall be limited to FCOJ deliverable in the 
months of January, March, May, July, September and November. FCOJ Futures Contracts shall 
not be recognized by the Exchange extending beyond a period of thirty-six (36) months, 
including the current month. Trading in a new delivery month shall, unless the Board otherwise 


13-5 
determines, be initiated at the opening of trading on the first (1st) Business Day of the thirty-fifth 
(35th) month preceding any delivery month.  
Amended by the Board August 10, 2007; effective November 16 2007 [¶ (a)]. 
Rule 13.07. Quotation Basis 
All offers to buy or sell FCOJ for future delivery shall be in multiples of five one-hundredths 
of one cent per pound. No Transactions for future delivery shall be permitted wherein the price 
shall contain a smaller fraction than five one-hundredths of one cent per pound for each pound of 
FCOJ represented by the contract. 
Rule 13.08. Price Limits 
(a) For purposes of this Rule the following terms shall have the following meanings: 
(i) The Lead Month. The futures delivery month carrying the most open interest; 
(ii) Limit Move shall be deemed to have occurred on any trading day when the Daily 
Settlement Price of the Lead Month is ten cents (10¢) per pound above or below the 
Settlement Price for such month on the previous trading day. 
(b) Limits 
(i) 10¢  Move 
(A) The price limit for any month shall be ten cents (10¢) per pound above and below the 
Settlement Price for such month on the previous trading day.  
(ii) 20¢  Move 
(A) On the trading day following a Limit Move, the price limit for any month shall be 
twenty cents (20¢) per pound above and below the Settlement Price for such month on the 
day of the Limit Move.  
Once the daily trading limit has expanded to twenty cents (20¢) per pound under this Rule, 
the limit shall remain at twenty cents (20¢) per pound until the Lead Month settles at a price 
which is less than twenty cents (20¢) per pound above or below the prior day Settlement 
Price of such contract, in which case the daily trading limit will revert to the ten cent (10¢) 
limit on the next trading day. 
(c) Notwithstanding the above, there shall be no price limits on the current futures month 
on or after the First Notice Day, or on FCOJ Options at all. 
Amended by the Board February 12, 2007; effective February 16, 2007 [¶¶ (c), (d) and (e)]. 
Amended by the Board February 5, 2008; effective March 5, 2008 [¶¶ (a)(ii), (b)(i)(ii) and (c)]. 
Rule 13.09. First and Last Notice Days 
(a) The first (1st) notice day for FCOJ-A and FCOJ-B shall be the first (1st) Business Day of 
the expiring month. 
(b) The last day on which a Delivery Notice may be issued (the “Last Notice Day”) for 
FCOJ-A shall be the fifth (5th) Business Day prior to the last Business Day of the expiring month. 
(c) The Last Notice Day for FCOJ-B shall be the sixth (6th) Business Day prior to the last 
Business Day of the expiring month. 
Rule 13.10. Last Trading Day  
(a) The Last Trading Day in FCOJ-A Futures is the fifteenth (15th) last Business Day of the 
month. 
(b) The Last Trading Day in FCOJ-B Futures is the first (1st) Business Day of the month. 


13-6 
(c) FCOJ-B Futures Contracts shall trade only as a component of the FCOJ Differential until 
the close of trading on the second (2nd) Business Day preceding first notice day. Thereafter, 
FCOJ-B may trade as an outright futures contract as well as a component of a spread until its Last 
Trading Day as set forth above in paragraph (b) of this Rule. 
Rule 13.11. FCOJ Differential 
FCOJ-B Futures Contracts shall trade only as a component of the FCOJ Differential until the 
close of trading on the second (2nd) Business Day preceding first notice day.  Thereafter, FCOJ-B 
may trade as an outright futures contract as well as a component of a spread until its Last Trading 
Day as set forth in Rule 13.10. 
Rule 13.12. First and Last Delivery Days  
The first (1st) day on which deliveries may be made is the sixth (6th) Business Day of the 
expiring month and the last delivery day is the last Business Day of that month. 
Rule 13.13. Delivery Notices 
(a) The following terms, as used in this Chapter 13, shall have the meanings indicated unless 
the context requires otherwise: 
(1) “Certificate of Registration” shall mean an electronic record created on eCOPS® in 
accordance with eCOPS procedures which signifies that an EWR has been registered with the 
Exchange in accordance with the Rules and that the tank facility has met the performance 
bond and insurance requirements as provided in Licensing Rule 7.64. 
(2) “Date of Delivery” shall mean the date five (5) Business Days following the issue of the 
Delivery Notice, except as the Rules may otherwise provide. 
(3) “Delivery Notice” shall mean the notice of intention to deliver one (1) or more FCOJ 
contracts issued to the Clearing Organization by a Clearing Member carrying a short position, 
in the form, and by the times, specified by the Exchange. 
(4) “Delivery Worksheet” shall mean an electronic record created on eCOPS on the day the 
Delivery Notice is issued, which shall be maintained and updated, as applicable, during the 
five (5) Business Days until the Date of Delivery, as further described in Rule 13.16. 
(5) “EWR” shall mean the electronic warehouse receipt record created on eCOPS by a tank 
facility concerning FCOJ that is stored in such facility. 
(6) “Exchange Invoice” shall mean an electronic record created on eCOPS from data 
contained on the Delivery Notice and Delivery Worksheet, showing the amount to be paid by 
the Receiver for the delivery of FCOJ identified in such invoice. 
(7) “Notice of Transfer” shall mean an electronic record created on eCOPS that changes the 
holder of title of an EWR from a Clearing Member to the Clearing Organization or from the 
Clearing Organization to a Clearing Member in connection with a delivery of FCOJ. 
(b) Every Delivery Notice: 
(1) shall be in a form acceptable to the Clearing Organization and shall be issued on the 
fifth (5th) Business Day prior to the Date of Delivery; 
(2) may be tendered on and after the first (1st) Business Day of a maturing month;  
(3) must be submitted to the Clearing Organization not later than the time specified by the 
Clearing Organization on the Business Day prior to the date of issue; 
 (4) shall be for fifteen thousand (15,000) pounds of solids showing the facility from which 
the FCOJ will be delivered and a price per pound equal to the Settlement Price on the 
Business Day preceding the date of issue of the Delivery Notice; and  


13-7 
(5) shall be for tank delivery only. 
(6) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this paragraph (b), if a Member transfers 
any contracts after the close of trading in accordance with Rule 4.37(e): 
(A) the failure of such Member to issue a Delivery Notice with respect to such contracts 
shall not be deemed to be a violation of this Rule; and 
(b) if any contracts so transferred do not offset any contracts with respect to which the 
transferee has issued a Delivery Notice, the transferee shall issue a Delivery Notice in 
accordance with this Rule. 
(c) Upon receipt of a Delivery Notice, the Clearing Organization shall issue it in accordance 
with the Clearing Organization Rules. 
 (d) A holder of a “stopped notice” may at the option of the issuer thereof arrange to have 
such notice taken back by such issuer upon such terms as are mutually agreed to by such issuer 
and such holder. 
(e) The specifics of delivery information contained in a Delivery Notice and the Delivery 
Worksheet shall be referred to in these Rules as “Notice of Delivery Information”. 
(f) During the five (5) Business Days between the issuance of the Delivery Notice and the 
Date of Delivery, the Delivery Worksheet will be accessible to each Deliverer and Receiver 
through eCOPS showing the Notice of Delivery Information as to the Delivery Date, Issuer, 
Stopper, Exchange Registration Number, EWR Number, Tank Facility, Delivery Port, Weight, 
Invoice Amount and such other information as the Exchange shall determine. 
(g) If, at 1:00 pm on the day prior to Delivery, the Notice of Delivery Information is 
inaccurate, the receiving Clearing Member shall file a written Claim concerning the inaccuracy 
with the delivering Clearing Member and the Exchange’s Office of Commodity Operations no 
later than ten (10) days after the Date of Delivery. The written Claim shall include the amount of 
compensation for losses being sought by the Claimant. Resolution of the Claim shall proceed in 
accordance with Rule 13.23. 
Amended by the Board March 24, 2016; effective April 13, 2016 [¶ (a)(2)]. 
Amended by the Board September 13, 2018; effective September 28, 2018 [¶¶ (b)(3)]. 
Rule 13.14. Reserved 
Rule 13.15. Invoicing Weight 
In calculating the invoice weight of the FCOJ for delivery, the decimal fraction of the Brix 
value shall be carried to the tenth (10th) level in determining the net weight of the contract. 
Rule 13.16. Delivery of Invoice and Documents 
(a) For purposes of this Rule, storage charges are all those charges set forth in the Licensed 
Facility's tariff published pursuant to FCOJ Resolution No. 1(V). 
(b) All FCOJ deliveries shall be made by the transfer of EWRs, which have been issued a 
Certificate of Registration, through Clearing Members that have executed eCOPS Participant 
Agreements in the form specified by the Exchange. 
(c) On the day prior to the Date of Delivery at 1:00 p.m., all information, including current 
storage fees, contained on the Delivery Worksheet for each Deliverer and Receiver shall be 
deemed complete, correct and final and may not be changed in any respect by a Deliverer or 
Receiver. 


13-8 
(d) On the Date of Delivery at 9:00 a.m., on the basis of the information contained in such 
final Delivery Worksheet, the Exchange, through eCOPS, shall issue a Notice of Transfer causing 
the Clearing Organization to be identified in eCOPS as the Title Holder of the EWRs 
corresponding to the FCOJ identified in each final Delivery Worksheet. The Clearing 
Organization shall thereafter debit the account designated by the Receiver for delivery purposes 
and credit the account designated by the Deliverer for such purposes for the full amount of the 
Exchange Invoice, and issue a Notice of Transfer causing the Receiver to be identified in eCOPS 
as the Title Holder of the corresponding EWRs.  
(e) The weight of a contract of FCOJ as weighed by the tank facility operator immediately 
after delivery into the Receiver's truck, tanker or other conveyance shall be binding upon all 
parties. Weight adjustments shall be made basis the closing futures price in the then current 
month on the Business Day before the FCOJ is loaded out to the Receiver. 
(f)(i) The Exchange Invoice shall include if applicable, an adjustment charge for storage for 
each day beyond the Date of Delivery (not in excess of thirty (30) days) which has been prepaid 
by the Deliverer. 
(ii) Such adjustments shall be based upon the published rates of the licensed facility in 
effect on the first (1st) Business Day of the delivery month. 
(g) The Receiver shall not be charged for containers on any delivery. 
Amended by the Board April 15, 2009; effective April 24, 2009 [¶ (a)]. 
Rule 13.17. Reserved 
Rule 13.18. Default in Delivery 
(a) Defaults should be reported to the FCOJ Delivery Committee by the Member who has 
failed to receive satisfaction of the contract. An intentional default shall be deemed to be a 
violation of the Rules. 
(b)(i) In case of an unintentional default, the Deliverer shall immediately notify the Receiver 
of his inability to make delivery in accordance with the contract, and the basis of the settlement 
for default in such contract shall be the Settlement Price for FCOJ as established by the Exchange 
on the day the default is made known by the Deliverer to the Receiver. 
(ii) Where a default has thus been made known after business hours, the basis of settlement 
shall be the Settlement Price for FCOJ of the same kind as established by the Exchange on 
the following Business Day. 
(iii) A penalty of one hundred twenty-five dollars ($125.00) for any contract in default shall 
be paid by the Deliverer to the Receiver, and also any additional loss that may prove to have 
been incurred not covered by the foregoing penalty. 
(iv) In the event of any conflict between the remedies set forth herein against defaulting 
Deliverers and the remedies set forth in FCOJ Resolution No. 1(III)(3), the Receiver shall be 
entitled to choose the remedy applicable but only by giving seven (7) Business Days' notice 
in the manner as set forth in FCOJ Resolution No. l(III)(3). 
(v) In the event that a default in delivery has been reported to the FCOJ Delivery 
Committee and the Receiver fails to give such seven (7) Business Days’ notice, then the 
remedies in this Rule shall apply. 
(vi) Additionally, the defaulting Deliverer (intentional or not) shall also be responsible to 
assure that the remedies set forth in FCOJ Resolution No. l(III)(3), if chosen by the Receiver, 
are available to the Receiver. 


13-9 
(c) Where a Receiver has failed to receive and pay for any delivery properly tendered, he 
shall be responsible to the Deliverer for any loss incurred. 
Amended by the Board April 15, 2009; effective April 24, 2009 [¶¶ (a), (b)(iv) through (b)(vi)]. 
Rule 13.19. Contracts Binding Until Settled 
(a) All contracts for the future delivery of FCOJ shall be binding upon Members and of full 
force and effect until the quantity and qualities of FCOJ specified in such contracts shall have 
been delivered, and the price specified in said contracts shall have been paid. No contract shall be 
entered into with any stipulation or understanding between the parties at the time of making such 
contract that the terms of such contract are not to be fulfilled, or that the FCOJ is not to be 
delivered and received in accordance with the Rules. 
(b) Subject to the prohibition in paragraph (a) above, from and after first (1st) notice day in a 
contract, the Deliverer and Receiver may enter into a mutually acceptable written agreement to 
deliver and receive under conditions other than those stipulated in the Rules. A delivery so made 
shall be considered complete upon written notification by the Deliverer and the Receiver to the 
Clearing Organization. The making of any such agreement shall relieve the Clearing Organization 
of any further obligations with respect to any Exchange contract involved, and the Deliverer and 
Receiver shall indemnify the Exchange and the Clearing Organization against any liability, cost 
or expense either may incur for any reason as a result of the execution, delivery or performance of 
such contract or such agreement, or any breach thereof or default thereunder.  
Amended by the Board February 14, 2019; effective March 4, 2019 [¶ (b)]. 
Rule 13.20. Reserved 
Rule 13.21. Reserved 
Rule 13.22. Delivery Points 
(a) For the purposes of this Rule, the term “Primary Markets” shall mean markets: 
(i) where FCOJ is produced in sufficient supply; or 
(ii) where FCOJ is imported from foreign countries in sufficient supply; 
so that cash market transactions are found by the FCOJ Delivery Committee and the Board to be 
conducted on a regular and not sporadic basis. 
(b) Delivery of FCOJ on the FCOJ-A Futures Contract may be made at delivery points 
located: 
(i) in the following counties in Florida: Brevard, Lake, Orange, Hillsborough, Polk, Pasco, 
Hernando, Highlands, St. Lucie, Hendry, Manatee, DeSoto, Volusia, Martin, Pinellas and 
Indian River; 
(ii) at Wilmington, Delaware, including all areas within a fifteen (15) mile radius from the 
Wilmington city limits; 
(iii) Port Elizabeth, New Jersey, including all areas within a fifteen (15) mile radius from 
the Elizabeth city limits; 
(iv) Newark, New Jersey, including all areas within a fifteen (15) mile radius from the 
Newark city limits; and 
(v) such other primary markets as the Board shall determine after approval by the CFTC 
and adequate notice to the Membership. 


13-10 
(c) Delivery of FCOJ on the FCOJ-B Futures Contract may be made at delivery points 
located: 
(i) in the following counties in Florida: Brevard, Lake, Orange, Hillsborough, Polk, Pasco, 
Hernando, Highlands, St. Lucie, Hendry, Manatee, DeSoto, Volusia, Martin, Pinellas and 
Indian River; 
(ii) at Wilmington, Delaware, including all areas within a fifteen (15) mile radius from the 
Wilmington city limits; 
(iii) Port Elizabeth, New Jersey, including all areas within a fifteen (15) mile radius from 
the Elizabeth city limits; 
(iv) Newark, New Jersey, including all areas within a fifteen (15) mile radius from the 
Newark city limits;  
(v) in the following counties in California: Fresno County, Kern County, Los Angeles 
County, Monterey County, Orange County, Riverside County, San Bernardino County, Santa 
Barbara County, Santa Cruz County, Tulare County and Ventura County; and 
(vi) such other primary markets as the Board shall determine after approval by the CFTC 
and adequate notice to the Membership. 
(d) In connection with deliveries made at approved delivery points, the Deliverer shall adjust 
its invoice to reflect locational differences in effect at the time of futures delivery. Those 
differences are listed below and may be changed from time to time by the Exchange after 
approval by the CFTC: 
   Locational 
Difference 
(A) 
Delivery at any approved delivery point in Florida. ................................................ -0- 
(B) 
Delivery at any approved delivery point at Wilmington,  
Delaware and 15 mile radius. 
................................................................................... -0- 
(C) 
Delivery at any approved delivery point at Port Elizabeth,  
New Jersey and 15 mile radius................................................................................. -0- 
(D) 
Delivery at any approved delivery point at Newark, New  
Jersey and 15 mile radius. ........................................................................................ -0- 
(E) 
Delivery at any approved delivery point in California: 
..................................... 
— 10 ¢ 
(e) The foregoing delivery points may be changed by adding one (1) or more delivery points 
or deleting one (1) or more previously designated delivery points upon approval by the CFTC and 
adequate notice to the Membership. 
Amended by the Board April 15, 2009; effective April 24, 2009 [¶ (a)]. 
Rule 13.23. Delivery Claims 
(a) All non-disputed delivery Claims filed with the Exchange pursuant to Rules 13.13(g) shall 
be paid by the delivering Clearing Member to the receiving Clearing Member within ten (10) 
Business Days of receipt of the written notification. The delivering Clearing Member shall pay to 
the receiving Clearing Member one hundred fifty dollars ($150) for each contract covered by the 
notice of delivery. If payment is not made within such ten (10) Business Day period, the 
delivering Clearing Member shall be assessed a late payment penalty of fifty dollars ($50) for 
each contract covered by the notice of delivery for each Business Day the Claim remains unpaid. 
The late payment penalty shall be assessed by and paid to the Exchange. 


13-11 
(b) If a delivering Clearing Member disputes a Claim filed in accordance with the Rules or 
the Claim filed by the receiving Clearing Member seeks compensation for losses, the Chairman 
shall promptly appoint a panel of three (3) disinterested members of the FCOJ Delivery 
Committee to hear and determine the Claim. If members of the FCOJ Delivery Committee have 
an interest in the dispute which precludes the appointment of a panel comprised entirely of 
members of the FCOJ Delivery Committee, the Chairman may appoint to the Committee, in his 
sole discretion, other persons who are associated with the FCOJ trade, provided, however, that in 
no event shall a panel fail to include at least one (1) disinterested member of the FCOJ Delivery 
Committee. The panel shall establish the date, time and place for a hearing. Each panel shall 
determine the procedures to be followed in any hearing before it, except that the following shall 
apply in every case: 
(i) each of the parties shall be entitled to appear personally at the hearing(s); 
(ii) each of the parties, at his own expense, shall have the right to be represented by counsel 
in any aspect of the proceedings; 
(iii) each of the parties, at his own expense, shall be entitled to (1) prepare and present all 
relevant facts in support of the Claims, grievances, defenses or counterclaims which arise out 
of the Claim and does not require the presence of third (3rd) parties over whom the Exchange 
cannot acquire jurisdiction and to present rebuttal evidence to such Claims or grievance, 
defense or counterclaims made by other parties, (2) examine the other parties, (3) examine 
any witnesses appearing at the hearing(s), and (4) examine all relevant documents presented 
in connection with the Claim, or any defense or counterclaim applicable hereto; 
(iv) the formal rules of evidence shall not apply; 
(v) no verbatim record shall be made of the proceedings unless requested by a party, in 
which event the requesting party shall bear the cost of such record and a stenographic 
transcript shall be taken, but not transcribed, unless a transcript is requested by a party, who 
shall bear the cost of such transcription; 
(vi) Ex parte contacts by any of the parties with any member of the panel shall not be 
permitted; 
(vii) The panel shall have the power, on the request of any party or on its own motion, to 
require any Person to testify and/or produce documentary evidence in the proceedings as and 
to the extent provided for in Rule 21.04. 
(viii) Any party to the dispute may apply to the panel for permission to join as a party any 
other Member (1) who is, or may be, liable to such party for all or part of the Claim being 
asserted against him or (2) who claims an interest in the subject of the dispute. The panel 
shall have complete and absolute discretion to grant or to deny any such application, in whole 
or in part; and 
(ix) The rights and duties set forth in this Rule with respect to parties shall apply to any 
Member joined as a party pursuant to subparagraph (a)(viii) hereof. 
(c) The panel shall render its decision in writing. If the panel determines that the Claim is 
valid, the panel shall award to the receiving Clearing Member one hundred fifty dollars ($150) for 
each contract covered by the notice of delivery plus the amount of any losses proven to have been 
incurred by the receiving Clearing Member. The award shall be made to the receiving Clearing 


13-12 
Member by the delivering Clearing Member. The award of the panel shall be final and binding 
upon each of the parties, and judgment upon such award may be entered by any court having 
jurisdiction. In addition, any award, if not complied with within the time specified in the award, 
shall be enforceable by disciplinary proceedings commenced pursuant to the Rules. 
Amended by the Board April 15, 2009; effective April 24, 2009 [¶ (b)]. 
Rule 13.24. Force Majeure 
The term “Force Majeure” shall mean any circumstance (including, but not limited to a strike, 
lockout, national emergency, governmental action, computer malfunction causing loss of EWRs 
or data, or act of God) which is beyond the control of a Clearing Member making or taking 
delivery of a contract in the manner provided for in the Rules. 
Rule 13.25. Computation of Time 
In computing any period of time prescribed by the Rules, unless specifically provided 
otherwise, the term “day” shall mean calendar day.  The day of the act, event or default from 
which the designated period of time begins to run shall not be included.  If the last day of the 
period so computed is a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which the Exchange is not open for 
business, the period of time shall run until the next day on which the Exchange is open for 
business. 


13-13 
FCOJ OPTIONS 
Rule 13.30.  Unit of Trading 
The unit of trading shall be the Option to buy, in the case of a Call, or the Option to sell, in 
the case of a Put, one (1) FCOJ-A Futures Contract.  
Rule 13.31. Trading Months  
(a) Trading in Options on FCOJ Futures Contracts may be conducted in the following cycles: 
(i) Regular Cycle: February, March, May, July, September, November. 
(ii) Spot Cycle: April, June, August, October and December. 
(iii) January Cycle: January. 
(b) The following months shall be listed for trading: 
(i) Each month in the Regular Cycle for which a futures month is listed; 
(ii) The nearest two (2) months in the Spot Cycle; and 
(iii) Each month in the January Cycle for which an Underlying Futures Contract is listed; 
(c) Trading in a Spot Cycle month shall commence on the first (1st) Business Day following 
the expiration of a contract month in the same cycle. Trading in a Regular or January Cycle 
month shall commence on the day the Underlying Futures Contract commences trading. 
(d) For Spot Cycle or February in the Regular Cycle Option Contracts, the Underlying 
Futures Contract shall be the next respective futures month which is listed for trading. (For 
example, for the February Option, the Underlying Futures Contract is the March futures contract.) 
Rule 13.32. Strike Prices  
(a) Strike Prices for FCOJ Options shall be determined in the following manner: 
(i) All Strike Prices shall be listed at 500 point intervals. 
(ii) The only 500 point intervals recognized shall be those beginning at “even money” 
(e.g. 160.00) and every 500 points thereafter (e.g. 165.00, 170.00, 175.00, etc.). 
(iii) Each such 500 point interval shall be referred to as a “Half”. 
(iv) The Exchange may list such Strike Prices as the Exchange may from time to time 
determine.   In addition, at the time FCOJ Options for any Option Month are first listed 
for trading pursuant to this Rule, they shall be listed with at least seven (7) Strike Prices, 
the “At-the-Money Strike”, which will be set at the prescribed “even money” interval 
closest to the Settlement Price for the Underlying Futures Contract on the previous 
trading day and three (3) Half Strike Prices above the At-The Money Strike and three (3) 
Half Strike Prices below the At-the Money-Strike.  
 
 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2023; effective April 20, 2023 [¶¶ (a)((i) through (a)(iv)]. 
Rule13.33. Premium Quotations 
For the purposes of this Chapter, the term “Point” shall mean the value equal to one 
hundredth of one cent so that 100 points shall equal one cent (1¢). FCOJ Option Premiums shall 
be quoted in cents and five one-hundredths of a one cent per pound. The minimum fluctuation in 
FCOJ Option Premiums shall be five one-hundredths of a cent; provided, however, that an 


13-14 
Options Trade may be executed at a price of one-thousandth of a cent per pound (15¢ per 
contract) if the Trade will result in the liquidation of Positions for both parties to the Trade.  
Rule 13.34. Absence of Price Fluctuation Limitations for FCOJ Options 
Trades for FCOJ Options shall not be subject to price fluctuation limitations. 
Rule 13.35. Last Trading Day 
The Last Trading Day for any FCOJ Option shall be the third (3rd) Friday in the calendar 
month immediately preceding the named Option Month, so that, for example, the February 
Option would expire the third (3rd) Friday of January; provided, however, that, if, after such third 
(3rd) Friday, there remain less than five (5) Business Days before first (1st) Notice Day in the 
Underlying Futures Contract, then the Last Trading Day shall be the second (2nd) Friday of such 
month; provided, further, however, that in the event the Exchange is closed on any such Friday: 
(a) Because such Friday is a designated Exchange Holiday which has been so designated for 
more than one (1) week prior thereto, the term “Last Trading Day” shall mean the trading day 
preceding such Friday; and 
(b) For any other reason, the term “Last Trading Day” shall mean the first (1st) trading day 
after such Friday. 
Rule 13.36. Obligations of Option Purchasers 
(a) The Purchaser which purchases a FCOJ Option shall cause such Option to be submitted 
by a Clearing Member to the Clearing Organization for clearance in accordance with the Rules of 
the Clearing Organization. 
 (b) The Purchaser which clears a FCOJ Option shall pay in full the Premium to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with the Rules of the Clearing Organization. 
(c) The Purchaser of a FCOJ Option shall, upon exercising such Option in accordance with 
the Rules, enter into an Underlying Futures Contract to buy (in the case of a Call) or to sell (in the 
case of a Put) FCOJ for delivery in the regular or serial Option Month's Underlying Futures 
Contract, at the Strike Price specified in such Option; provided, however, that any such contract 
entered into upon exercise shall be entered into for the account of the Person having purchased 
the FCOJ Option. 
Amended by the Board February 14, 2019; effective March 4, 2019 [¶(a)]. 
Rule13.37. Obligations of Option Grantors 
(a) The Grantor which grants a FCOJ Option shall cause such Option to be submitted by a 
Clearing Member to the Clearing Organization for clearance in accordance with the Rules of the 
Clearing Organization. 
 (b) The Grantor which clears a FCOJ Option shall make such Margin deposits as the 
Clearing Organization may require. 
(c) The Grantor of a FCOJ Option shall, upon being assigned an Exercise Notice in 
accordance with the Rules of the Clearing Organization, enter into an Underlying Futures 
Contract to sell (in the case of a Call) or to buy (in the case of a Put) FCOJ for delivery in the 
regular or serial Option Month's Underlying Futures Contract, at the Strike Price specified in such 
Option; provided, however, that any such contract entered into upon assignment of an Exercise 
Notice shall be entered into for the account of the Person having granted the FCOJ Option. 
Amended by the Board February 14, 2019; effective March 4, 2019 [¶(a)]. 


13-15 
Rule 13.38. Effect of Clearance 
Upon acceptance of a FCOJ Option by the Clearing Organization, the Clearing Organization 
shall be substituted as, and assume the position of, the Purchaser to the Clearing Member which is 
the Grantor and the position of the Grantor to the Clearing Member which is the Purchaser; and 
thereupon the Clearing Organization shall have all the rights and obligations with respect to such 
Option as the parties for which it is substituted. 
Rule 13.39. Expiration  
A FCOJ Option shall expire at 5:00 p.m. on the Last Trading Day; provided, however, that 
any Option which is five (5) trading points in-the-money and remains unexercised after that time 
shall be automatically exercised by the Clearing Organization, unless, before 5:00 p.m. on the 
Last Trading Day, the Clearing Member gives the Clearing Organization written instructions that 
any such Option is to expire unexercised. 
Rule 13.40. Exercise Notice  
(a) An Option may be exercised by the buyer on any Business Day that FCOJ Options are 
traded. 
(b) An Exercise Notice of any Option shall be in the form prescribed by the Clearing 
Organization and in accordance with its Rules for Puts and Calls. The Clearing Member who is 
representing the buyer shall present an Exercise Notice to the Clearing Organization by 5:00 p.m. 
on the day of exercise. 
(c) The Clearing Organization, based on Exercise Notices received from Clearing Members, 
shall allocate such exercised Options among Clearing Members having short Positions in such 
Options on a pro rata basis, make necessary entries on its books to convert the exercised Option 
into the Underlying Futures Contract and so notify the affected Clearing Member. 
Rule 13.41. FCOJ Option Contract 
No FCOJ Option Contract shall be recognized, acknowledged, or enforced by the Exchange 
or any committee or officer thereof unless both parties thereto shall be Clearing Members of the 
Exchange. Clearing Members shall offer their FCOJ Option Contracts for clearance to the 
Clearing Organization, which, upon acceptance thereof, shall become by substitution a party 
thereto in place of the Clearing Member and thereupon such Clearing Organization shall become 
subject to the obligations thereof and entitled to all of the rights thereunder, assuming to the 
Purchaser, the position of the Grantor and to the Grantor the position of Purchaser; provided, 
however, that said Clearing Organization shall have no liability to the Purchaser or the Grantor on 
any such Options Contract after the Exercise Notice has been accepted and assigned by the 
Clearing Organization. 
 


13-16 
FCOJ RESOLUTION 
 
No. 1. Tank Facility Procedures and Requirements for the Storage of Exchange FCOJ 
RESOLVED, THAT the following are the minimum acceptable standards and procedures to 
be followed by Exchange licensed FCOJ tank facilities in connection with the storage of 
Exchange FCOJ. 
(I) Definitions  
For the purposes of this Resolution and the Rules contained in this Chapter, the following 
words shall have the following meanings: 
(1) “Daily Tank Deliveries” – The term “Daily Tank Deliveries” shall mean the loadout of 
FCOJ onto tankers in the appropriate volume during regular business hours on any Business Day. 
(2) “Tank facility” – The term “tank facility” shall mean a tank facility which has the 
capacity and equipment for the storage and delivery of FCOJ in a manner and under conditions 
acceptable to the United States Department of Agriculture (“USDA”) and the demonstrated 
ability to make Daily Tank Deliveries equivalent to a least eight (8) FCOJ Futures Contracts. 
(3) “Tank facility operator” – The term “tank facility operator” shall mean a Person who 
operates a tank facility. 
(4) “Tank facility owner” – The term “tank facility owner” shall mean a Person who owns a 
tank facility.  
(II) Location and Physical Structure of Warehouse 
(1) Any location for the storage of Exchange FCOJ must be maintained on a continuing basis 
in accordance with the standards and requirements for FCOJ tank facilities promulgated by the 
USDA.  
(2) The physical property of the tank facility shall be subject to examination by the Exchange.  
(3) The physical property of the tank facility shall be properly safeguarded and protected or 
equipped with alarm service.  
(4) The tank facility operator shall maintain in all tank storage areas where Exchange FCOJ is 
kept a constant temperature of not more than 30° Fahrenheit; provided, however, that tank 
deliveries, in accordance with EWRs, shall be made at a maximum of 20° Fahrenheit.  
(III) USDA Inspection 
(1) The tank facility shall be equipped to handle FCOJ under continuous inspection of the 
USDA, or Quality Assurance Program inspection of the USDA, or Florida Quality Systems 
Certification Program inspection. Each FCOJ facility shall provide an on-site laboratory that is 
accepted by the USDA for purposes of USDA performance of grading and testing of product 
under subparagraph (III)(3) of this Resolution. Inspections will be provided without any undue 
delay.  
(2) In the conduct of inspection, the USDA may conduct such tests, as they deem necessary, 
to provide assurance that the FCOJ meets the requirements set forth in Rule 13.02 for FCOJ-A, 
including any origin requirements.  
(3) At the time of the physical delivery of FCOJ upon surrender of an EWR, the tank facility 
operator shall cause samples to be made available to USDA Inspectors from the FCOJ to be 
delivered so that the USDA Inspectors may issue a Certificate of Quality and Condition.  Said 
USDA Certificate shall be provided on the spot to the tank facility and the Receiver.  


13-17 
 
(A) Remedies  
In the event that any FCOJ delivered pursuant to an EWR fails to pass a grade review, the 
Clearing Member which took delivery (“Receiver”) shall have the following remedies against 
the tank facility which issued the EWR: 
(i) Surrender of the FCOJ which failed the grade review and replacement by FCOJ which 
meets a grade review, and the tank facility shall pay all costs associated with such surrender 
and replacement; or 
(ii) In lieu of replacement, the Receiver may demand payment to the Member Firm of the 
actual damages suffered by the Member Firm. 
(B) Penalties  
In addition to the remedies set forth in subparagraphs (III)(3)(A)(i) or (ii) of this 
Resolution, the tank facility operator shall pay to the Receiver a penalty for any contract 
which fails grade review. The penalty shall be based upon schedules as shall from time to 
time be published by the Exchange. The Exchange has established and published a penalty of 
fifteen cents (15¢) per pound. 
(C) Replacement Procedure  
In the event that a Receiver chooses to demand replacement under this Resolution, the 
Receiver must issue written demand to the tank facility with a copy to the Exchange, within 
seven (7) Business Days from the date on which the Exchange informed the Receiver of that 
right. 
A tank facility which is served with a demand for replacement must within the next seven 
(7) Business Days from such service: 
(i) arrange a date and time satisfactory to the Receiver for replacement delivery; or 
(ii) report to the Exchange that despite good faith efforts of the facility, the Receiver 
refuses to co-operate in setting a time and date for replacement delivery. 
(D) Alternate Settlement  
In lieu of the remedies and penalties set forth in subparagraphs (III)(3)(A)(i) and (ii) of 
this Resolution, the Receiver may accept such settlement from the tank facility as the parties 
may agree. 
(E) Questions  
All questions with respect to the proper remedy and obligations of the parties described in 
subparagraphs (III)(3)(A)(i) and (ii) above shall be referred to the FCOJ Delivery Committee. 
(F) Encumbered FCOJ  
The USDA Inspectors shall not furnish inspection certificates with respect to any FCOJ 
which is encumbered. 
(4) USDA inspectors will be permitted full access to select their own sample units of product 
represented by EWRs issued by the tank facility operator.  
(5) Additionally, the USDA shall provide assurance to the Exchange that uniformity of 
grading is being conducted in all tank facilities. The Exchange will request that USDA conduct 
grade reviews to provide such assurance in a manner substantially similar to the following 
procedures:  


13-18 
(A) Grade reviews will be performed in the USDA, Agricultural Marketing Service, Fruit 
and Vegetable Division, Processed Products Branch area field office in Winter Haven, 
Florida. 
(B) All product delivered will be reviewed unless otherwise specified by the Board. 
(C) Sample units of product will be submitted to the review office in such a manner that 
origin and facility are not known to the review office. 
(6) The correlation between grade reviews and the results recorded for earlier inspections and 
samplings at a tank facility shall at all times be satisfactory to the Exchange.  
(7) The facility operator shall be bound by the results of the grade reviews performed by the 
USDA as described in subparagraph (III)(5) of this Resolution. A non-operating owner, as set 
forth in paragraph (X) of this Resolution shall be bound as well.  
(8) All charges imposed by the USDA for inspections and grade reviews shall be paid by the 
tank facility operator or owner.  
(9) Members and Member Firms shall also be bound by the results of such grade reviews.  
(IV) Exchange Surveillance  
The Exchange shall have the authority, but not the obligation, to: 
(1) observe and inspect the weighing, sampling and other handling of Exchange FCOJ; and 
(2) count and inspect Exchange FCOJ for comparison with outstanding EWRs for Exchange 
FCOJ. 
(V) Tariffs 
(1) Tariffs charged by a tank facility operator shall be satisfactory to the Exchange.  
(2) The tank facility operator shall submit to the Exchange its tariff listing in detail its charges 
for storage, handling, authorized interest and insurance premiums, where applicable, and other 
charges payable to it (“Storage Charges”) at the time it applies for a license from the Exchange 
which tariff shall be published and not increased without sixty (60) days written prior notice to 
the Exchange effective for the following calendar quarter; provided, however, that Storage 
Charges shall be calculated at a minimum Brix value of not less than 62.5 degrees.  
(A) Storage Charges filed and effective under this Resolution are due and payable in 
advance on the first (1st) day of the month and, if not paid by 2:00 p.m. on the last Business 
Day of the month, are subject to authorized interest for the entire month.  
(B) Authorized interest, if filed and effective under the Resolution, shall mean interest up to 
the maximum rate of interest allowed by applicable law. The charging of such interest by a 
licensed tank facility is a representation by it that such charge and such rate do not violate 
applicable law.  
(3) For purposes of this Resolution, the sixty (60) day period shall be deemed to begin on the 
date that the Exchange receives the written tariff increase request.  
(4) Thereafter, the Exchange shall cause the written tariff increase request to be posted on the 
Exchange Website.  
(5) Any such tariff increase request shall be considered by the Exchange during the sixty (60) 
day period. 
(6) All such written tariff increase requests shall become effective for the following calendar 
quarter from and after the sixtieth (60th) day after receipt unless: 
(A) such request has been considered by the Exchange during that period in the manner set 
forth in subparagraph (V)(5) of this Resolution; and 


13-19 
(B) The Exchange finds such tariff increase unsatisfactory. 
In the latter event, notice of the determination that a proposed tariff increase is unsatisfactory 
shall be given to the Person who requested the tariff increase and posted on the Exchange’s 
Website.  
(7) The tank facility operator shall not charge discriminatory rates for any of its services in 
storing or handling FCOJ nor give any rebate of its charges for services.  
 (VI) EWRs 
In order to be eligible for delivery, EWRs must be in the form prescribed by the Exchange 
and be registered and assigned a number by eCOPS. EWRs shall be subject to the following:  
(1) When an EWR has been registered and assigned a number by eCOPS, said EWR shall be 
considered to be “outstanding” until its registration is cancelled by the tank facility which issued 
the EWR. Commodity Operations shall maintain a current record of the number of EWRs 
outstanding and shall post this record on the Exchange's web site.  
(2) In the event of a cancellation of an EWR the following procedures must be adhered to: 
(A) when the tank facility pumps out Exchange FCOJ in satisfaction of an EWR, the EWRs 
must be cancelled by the tank facility on eCOPS;  
(B) when a tank facility regains control of an outstanding EWR issued by it, for its own 
proprietary account, such EWRs may be cancelled by the tank facility on eCOPS.  
(VII) Delivery Obligations of Licensed Tank Facility Issuing An EWR  
(1) An EWR issued by a tank facility must be issued a Certificate of Registration, as defined 
in Rule 13.13(a)(1) in order to be eligible for delivery.  
(2) A tank facility is obligated to keep the storage fees current on all EWRs said tank facility 
issues.  
(3) A tank facility shall deliver to the holder of an EWR either fifteen thousand (15,000) lbs. 
solids (plus or minus 3%) of FCOJ, as specified in the EWR issued by the tank facility, at the 
unloading platform of said tank facility meeting the specifications for deliverable FCOJ under the 
Rules upon the surrender of the EWR by the holder and the payment only of all unpaid storage 
charges due to the tank facility for periods subsequent to the date of the issuance of the EWR and 
of such load-out charges which have not been previously paid to the tank facility.  
(A) The tank facility shall deliver for shipment the FCOJ specified in the EWR 
commencing no later than ten (10) calendar days (“Day 10”) and ending no later than thirty 
(30) Business Days (“Day 30”) after the date of demand by the holder. All requests for 
delivery made by a single holder or a nominee of that holder within a five (5) day continuous 
period may be declared to be a batch and will be subject to the same date of demand. For 
purposes of this Resolution, the term “Date of Demand” means the date on which the tank 
facility receives the EWR, or in the case of the batch being declared by the tank facility, the 
term “Date of Demand” will refer to the first date of receipt of the EWR in such declared 
batch, and the term “Multiple Demand” means demands by the same Person for delivery on 
two (2) or more EWRs with identical Dates of Demand. 
(i) All other Rules that govern the times of delivery may be suspended if a tank facility 
requests the FCOJ Delivery Committee to determine if an inappropriate number of requests 
for delivery during any given period of physical deliveries have been received. 
(ii) The tank facility will immediately contact the Exchange. The information regarding 
delivery requests will be promptly relayed to the FCOJ Delivery Committee. The 


13-20 
Committee or a Panel of the Committee appointed by the Chairman of the FCOJ Delivery 
Committee will decide if an inappropriate number of requests have been made. If they so 
decide they will set up a schedule of deliveries that will permit all deliveries to occur 
during a period not to exceed thirty (30) Business Days from the Date of Demand. 
(B) In making deliveries within the time period set forth in the EWR, the tank facility shall 
use its best efforts to make prompt deliveries in an orderly manner, including, but not limited 
to, the making of weekly pro-rata deliveries, beginning during the week within which Day 10 
falls, to satisfy Multiple Demands outstanding. 
(C) In the event that the tank facility is unable to make available FCOJ specified in the 
EWR before the end of Day 10 then the tank facility shall pay as penalty to the holder one 
hundred fifty dollars ($150) a day for each Business Day after Day 10 that the tank facility is 
unable to fulfill the EWR; 
(D) The holder and the tank facility shall use their best efforts to coordinate dates and times 
within which the FCOJ specified in the EWR will be made available and picked up. 
(E) In the event that the tank facility is unable to make available FCOJ specified in the 
EWR before the end of Day 30, then: 
(i) the tank facility shall pay as a penalty to the holder one hundred fifty dollars ($150) a 
day for each Business Day after Day 30 that the tank facility fails to fulfill the EWR; and 
(ii) storage charges incurred through Day 30 remain in effect; however, storage charges 
arising after Day 30 shall be waived; provided, however, that if the holder does not adhere 
to the schedule called for in subparagraph (b)(iv) of this Resolution, then the above penalty 
shall not apply and a new Day 10 and/or Day 30 may be commenced on any EWR(s) upon 
which the schedule was violated. 
(F) In the event that a holder of an EWR presents the EWR to a tank facility for the purpose 
of taking delivery of FCOJ in accordance with Exchange Rules, and the holder, prior to 
delivery, cancels the request for delivery and requests that the tank facility reissue the EWR, 
the tank facility must reissue the EWR as long as the request is made at least forty-eight (48) 
hours prior to delivery and may charge an administrative fee no greater than one hundred fifty 
dollars ($150) for each EWR reissued. 
(4) The tank facility shall deliver for shipment the FCOJ specified in the EWR at a maximum 
temperature of 20 degrees Fahrenheit.  
(5) In the event of a failure of the holder of the EWR to pay storage for three (3) months, the 
tank facility may reserve the right to sell or dispose of the FCOJ specified in the EWR and claim 
a lien against the FCOJ specified in the EWR or against the Person entitled under the EWR or on 
the proceeds thereof in his possession for charges for storage, transportation, loading, handling 
(including the demurrage and terminal charges), labor and other charges present or future in 
relation to the goods and for expenses necessary for the preservation of the goods or reasonably 
incurred in their sale pursuant to law.  
(6)(A) The EWR may not be tendered in satisfaction of an Exchange contract under the Rules 
unless the EWR has been registered and assigned a number by eCOPS.  
(B) The Rules limit the number of EWRs that the Exchange is obligated to register. 
(C) The EWR may only be cancelled in accordance with eCOPS procedures. 
(VIII) Delivery  
Upon the payment or tender of the storage and other charges due to the tank facility on the 
FCOJ covered by an EWR and the surrender of the EWR, the tank facility operator shall 


13-21 
promptly make available to the holder of the EWR at the unloading platform or exit door of the 
tank facility all FCOJ covered by the EWR. 
(IX) Financial Condition  
The tank facility operator shall furnish to the Exchange its financial statement as of the end of 
its last fiscal period certified by an independent public accountant and, further, shall furnish to the 
Exchange within four (4) months after the end of each subsequent fiscal period a similar certified 
financial statement. The tank facility operator shall also furnish to the Exchange within thirty (30) 
days after request therefore such additional financial information as the Exchange may request 
from time to time. 
(X) Liability for Performance  
To the extent that the tank facility operator licensed by the Exchange is a Person other than 
the owner of the tank facility, the Exchange and parties claiming under the Rules shall look first 
(1st) to the tank facility operator to perform his duties under the Rules. In the event the tank 
facility operator fails to perform those duties, then the owner of the tank facility shall assume 
responsibility for assuring that such duties are performed. 
(XI) Records  
1. The tank facility operator shall keep a record of the amount of Exchange FCOJ stored at 
the facility for which EWRs have been issued, and commercial records supporting the country of 
origin as required under Rule 13.02.  
2. All records of a tank facility pertaining to the storage, handling and inspection of Exchange 
FCOJ shall be open for inspection by representatives of the Exchange and, at the request of the 
Exchange, the tank facility operator shall promptly furnish to the Exchange a statement of stocks, 
receipts, and deliveries of Exchange FCOJ, the amount of FCOJ for which EWRs are outstanding 
and such other information relating to the foregoing as the Exchange may require.  
3. The following records relating to Exchange FCOJ shall be kept and maintained by the tank 
facility operator for at least the indicated periods of time after the FCOJ has been removed from 
the tank facility, or otherwise no longer identified as Exchange FCOJ: 
Category of Document  
Time Period 
Delivery Orders ....................................................................................................................................... 1 year 
Receiving Reports .................................................................................................................................. 
2 years 
Stock Record Cards ................................................................................................................................ 
2 years 
Electronic Warehouse Receipts 
.............................................................................................................. 
2 years 
Storage Report 
........................................................................................................................................ 
2 years 
 
(XII) Inconsistent Provisions 
 
If any agreement between a tank facility operator and the owner of Exchange FCOJ or if any 
provisions of any EWR is inconsistent with the provisions of the Rules, the provision of the Rules 
shall control. 
 
(XIII) Violations 
 
Violations of the standards and procedures set forth in this Resolution shall not be grounds 
for a Receiver to reject a delivery or to hold a Deliverer in default, provided, however, that 
nothing in this Resolution shall alter or abridge the rights of a Receiver under any other provision 
of the Rules to reject a delivery or to hold a Deliverer in default.  
Adopted by the Board April 15, 2009; effective April 24, 2009. 
Amended by the Board April 22, 2019; effective May 31, 2019 [¶¶ (V)(3) through (V)(6)(B)]. 


28-1
ICE Futures U.S.®, Inc.
CHAPTER 14 IS RESERVED.


15-1 
® 
ICE Futures U.S.®, Inc. 
 
ICE® U.S. DOLLAR INDEX® RULES 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Rule 
 
Subject 
15.01 
Index Specifications 
15.02 
Unit of Trading 
15.03 
Months Traded 
15.04 
Quotation Basis 
15.05 
Last Trading Day 
15.06 
Final Settlement Procedures 
15.07 
Delivery Procedures 
15.08 
Delinquency in Performance 
15.09 
Reserved 
15.10 
Reserved 
15.11 
Reserved 
15.12 
Force Majeure 
U.S. DOLLAR INDEX OPTIONS 
15.20 
Unit of Trading 
15.21 
Months Traded 
15.22 
Quotation Basis 
15.23 
Strike Prices  
15.24 
Last Trading Day 
15.25 
Obligations Of Option Purchasers 
15.26 
Obligations Of Option Grantors 
15.27 
Effect of Clearance  
15.28 
Exercise 
15.29 
Expiration  
15.30 
Assignment 
 
SPECIAL NOTICE RELATING TO RULES 


15-2 
ICE FUTURES U.S.®, INC. 
 
ICE® U.S. DOLLAR INDEX® RULES 
 
FUTURES 
Rule 15.01. Index Specifications 
The ICE U.S. Dollar Index (“USDX®”) will be computed using the following formula, 
currencies and currency weights: 
Where Spot Ratei=exchange rate of currency i at time t with all exchange rates expressed in 
European terms, i.e., units of Foreign Currency per U.S. dollar 
and wi=weight for currency i 
The six (6) currencies and their weights are: 
Currency                                                    Weight 
Euro …………………………………….   .576 
Japanese yen ……………………………   .136 
British pound sterling …………………..   .119 
Canadian dollar …………………………  .091 
Swedish krona ………………………….   .042 
Swiss franc ……………………………..   .036 
Rule 15.02. Unit of Trading 
The unit of trading shall be one thousand dollars ($1,000) times the USDX. 
Rule 15.03. Months Traded 
(a) Trading shall be for delivery in the following months: March, June, September and 
December. Trading shall be conducted in at least four (4) consecutive contract months of the 
cycle specified above. Up to four (4) additional consecutive contract months in the above cycle 
shall be listed at the discretion of the Board. 
(b) Trading in a new delivery month shall commence on the first (1st) Business Day following 
the Last Trading Day for an expiring delivery month, unless otherwise provided for by the Board. 
Rule 15.04. Quotation Basis 
Bids and offers shall be quoted in USDX “points”, with each point representing one thousand 
dollars ($1,000). The minimum price fluctuation shall be .005 of a USDX point. The minimum 
price fluctuation is equivalent to five dollars ($5.00) per futures contract. 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2007; effective April 5, 2007. 
Amended by the Board March 17, 2010; effective March 22, 2010. 


15-3 
Rule 15.05. Last Trading Day 
 
(a) The Last Trading Day in USDX Futures Contracts deliverable in the current contract 
month shall be the second (2nd) Business Day prior to the third (3rd) Wednesday of that month. If 
that day is a bank holiday in New York, New York, then the Last Trading Day in USDX Futures 
Contracts deliverable in the current delivery month shall be the preceding Business Day. 
Amended by the Board April 18, 2012; effective with the June 2013 contract month. 
Rule 15.06. Final Settlement Procedures 
(a) Final Settlement Price 
(i) The final Settlement Price of the expiring USDX Futures Contract shall be calculated 
using the formula in Rule 15.01 and, to the extent possible, the final Settlement Prices of 
Exchange Futures Contracts of the underlying component currencies that expire 
simultaneously with the USDX. 
(ii) In the event that the expiring USDX Futures Contract ceases to trade on a different day 
or at a different time from Exchange Futures Contracts on any of the component currencies, 
the rate of each of the missing component currencies shall be determined by the Exchange 
taking into account cash and futures prices of the underlying currency component and any 
other information that the Exchange may deem appropriate. 
 (b) Final Settlement 
 
(i) The Clearing Organization will match each Clearing Member having a long delivery 
Position (the Long Clearing Member) with one or more Clearing Members having a short 
delivery Position (the Short Clearing Member) in the expiring USDX Futures Contract. On 
the Delivery Day, the Long Clearing Member shall make delivery of the settlement 
currencies to the account of the Short Clearing Member, and the Short Clearing Member shall 
make delivery of U.S. Dollars to the account of the Long Clearing Member, both deliveries to 
be made via CLS Bank in accordance with such procedures as CLS shall institute and amend 
from time to time (“CLS Procedures”).  
(ii) Determination of the U.S. Dollar and the Settlement Currency Amounts for Physical 
Delivery. 
(A) The U.S. Dollar amount for physical delivery is determined by multiplying the final 
Settlement Price as determined in paragraph (a) of this Rule by one thousand dollars 
($1,000). 
(B) The settlement currency amounts shall be determined by: 
(1) Using the weight of each currency as specified in Rule 15.01, multiply the weight 
by the final U.S. Dollar amount determined in accordance with subparagraph (b)(ii)(A) of 
this Rule to obtain the U.S. Dollar amounts for each currency. 
(2) If the price is in European terms, multiply the U.S. Dollar amount for each currency 
by the currency price used to compute the final Settlement Price calculated in paragraph 
(a) of this Rule. 
(3) If the price is in American terms, divide the U.S. Dollar amount for each currency 
by the currency price used to compute the final Settlement Price calculated in paragraph 
(a) of this Rule. 


15-4 
Amended by the Board February 27, 2014, effective with the June 2014 currency delivery cycle 
[(b)(i)]. 
 
Amendment by the Board December 3, 2015; effective December 17, 2015 [¶¶ (a)(ii)]. 
Rule 15.07. Delivery Procedures 
(a) Delivery Day 
Delivery of the components of USDX Futures Contracts shall be made on the third (3rd) 
Wednesday of the contract month. If that day is not a Business Day or is a bank holiday in New 
York, NY, then the delivery day shall be the next day that is a Business Day; provided, however, 
that, if it is a bank holiday in the country of any component currency in the USDX, then, delivery 
of that currency and the U.S. Dollar amount attributable to that currency shall occur on the next 
Business Day that is not a bank holiday in New York, NY and the country of the component 
currency. 
(b) Netting of Positions 
(i) Netting of Positions Within an Individual Contract—A Clearing Member may net his 
delivery obligations to the extent that such Clearing Member (for itself or for Customers) is 
both long and short in USDX Futures Contracts and, if a Customer Account is involved, has a 
written request from the Customer to net the Customer's Account against other accounts and 
provided further, that the Clearing Member has a written agreement respecting delivery and 
receipt other than as set forth in the Rules. If the Clearing Member chooses to net, it shall 
indicate its net Position on the Delivery Netting Request form. The netting shall be performed 
in the following sequence: (A) within each account, (B) eligible Customer Account versus 
eligible Customer Account and (C) eligible Customer Account against Firm account. The 
netting of Positions by a Clearing Member shall relieve the Clearing Organization of any 
further obligations with respect to any USDX contract involved. Such Clearing Member shall 
indemnify the Exchange, the Clearing Organization against any liability, cost or expense that 
either may incur for any reason as a result of the Clearing Member's netting Positions. 
(ii) Netting Currency Positions Across Contracts—A Clearing Member may net his 
delivery obligations to the extent that such Clearing Member (for it or for Customers) holds 
Positions that create offsetting currency payment obligations in USDX Futures Contracts and 
different currency pairs. If a Customer Account is involved, the Clearing Member must have 
a written request from the Customer to net the Customer's Account against other accounts and 
a written agreement respecting delivery and receipt other than as set forth in the Rules. If the 
Clearing Member chooses to net Positions, it shall indicate the net Position on its Delivery 
Netting Request Form. The netting shall be performed in the following sequence: (A) within 
each account, (B) eligible Customer Account versus eligible Customer Account and (C) 
eligible Customer Account against Firm account. The netting of Positions by a Clearing 
Member shall relieve the Clearing Organization of any further obligations with respect to any 
USDX and other currency futures contracts involved. Such Clearing Member shall indemnify 
the Exchange, the Clearing Organization against any liability, cost or expense that either may 
incur for any reason as a result of the Clearing Member's netting Positions. 
(c) Physical Delivery 
(i) All USDX Futures Contracts are required to be physically delivered through the 
Continuous Linked Settlement system (“CLS”). Each Clearing Member must either be a CLS 
Bank member or be able to use an approved CLS agent bank to make the required physical 
delivery. Notwithstanding the foregoing requirements, the delivery obligation may be 
satisfied in the manner specified in subparagraph (vi) of this paragraph (c).  


15-5 
(ii) All times stated in this Rule refer to New York Time, unless otherwise noted. 
(iii) For each expiring USDX Futures Contract, a Clearing Member with a Position that 
remains open after the close of trading on the Last Trading Day shall submit to the Clearing 
Organization, on or before noon of the Last Trading Day, a statement, in the form prescribed 
by the Clearing Organization, detailing the Clearing Member’s final delivery Position (“Final 
Position Statement”). If the Final Position Statement is received later than noon but by 3:30 
pm on the Last Trading Day, the Clearing Member may be subject to Rule 15.08 
(Delinquency in Performance). A Clearing Member which submits a Final Position Statement 
after 3:30 pm on the Last Trading Day or fails to submit a Final Position Statement shall be 
deemed to be in default and subject to Rule 15.08. 
(iv) For each expiring USDX Futures Contract, a Clearing Member with a Position that 
remains open after the close of trading on the Last Trading Day shall submit to CLS, on or 
before 5:00 pm of the Last Trading Day, the relevant instructions to either take delivery of 
U.S. dollars and make delivery of the settlement currencies for long positions or make 
delivery of U.S. dollars and take delivery of the settlement currencies for short positions 
(“CLS Submission”). If the CLS Submission is received by CLS later than 5:00 pm on the 
Last Trading Day, the Clearing Member may be subject to Rule 15.08 (Delinquency in 
Performance). A Clearing Member which submits a CLS Submission after 3:00 pm on the 
Business Day preceding the Delivery Day or fails to submit a CLS Submission shall be 
deemed to be in default and subject to Rule 15.08. 
(v) On the Delivery Day: 
     (A) the Long Clearing Member  shall have its account credited with the amount of U.S. 
dollars sufficient to cover the number of long contracts for which delivery is being made and  
debited with the equivalent amount of settlement currencies in accordance with the CLS 
Procedures, and 
    (B) the Short Clearing Member shall have its account credited with the amount of 
settlement currencies sufficient to cover the number of short contracts for which delivery is 
being made and debited with the equivalent amount of U.S. dollars in accordance with the 
CLS Procedures, and 
   (C) each of the Long Clearing Member and the Short Clearing Member, respectively, 
shall advise the Clearing Organization in writing by noon of the Delivery Day, in the event 
that such Clearing Member is unable to complete the delivery obligations applicable to it 
under the Rules. 
(vi) Notwithstanding paragraph (c)(i) of this Rule, the Long Clearing Member and the 
Short Clearing Member may enter into a mutually acceptable written agreement to physically 
deliver or financially settle the delivery obligation under conditions other than those 
stipulated in the Rules. Written notice of any such agreement shall be furnished by the Long 
Clearing Member and the Short Clearing Member to the Clearing Organization, whereupon 
such delivery shall be considered complete. The making of any such agreement shall relieve 
the Clearing Organization of any further obligations with respect to any Exchange Contract 
involved, and the Long Clearing Member and the Short Clearing Member shall indemnify the 
Exchange and the Clearing Organization against any liability, cost or expense either may 
incur for any reason as a result of the execution, delivery or performance of any such contract 
or such agreement, or any breach thereof or default thereunder.   
Amended by the Board February 27, 2014, effective with the June 2014 currency delivery cycle. 
 


15-6 
Rule 15.08. Delinquency in Performance 
If a Clearing Member fails to perform all the acts required by this Chapter, or is deemed to be 
in default, or is unduly enriched, it shall be liable to the Clearing Organization and to the opposite 
Clearing Member for any loss sustained and may be subject to disciplinary action by the 
Exchange and/or the Clearing Organization. 
Rule 15.09. Reserved. 
Rule 15.10. Reserved. 
Rule 15.11. Reserved. 
Rule 15.12. Force Majeure 
The term “Force Majeure” shall mean any circumstance (including, but not limited to a strike, 
lockout, national emergency, governmental action, computer malfunction causing loss of data, a 
failure of the CLS system or act of God) which is beyond the control of a Clearing Member 
making or taking delivery of a contract in the manner provided for in the Rules. 


15-7 
U.S. DOLLAR INDEX OPTIONS 
Rule 15.20. Unit of Trading 
The unit of trading shall be the Option to buy, in the case of a Call, or the Option to sell, in 
the case of a Put, one (1) USDX Futures Contract. 
Rule 15.21. Months Traded 
(a) Trading in USDX Options may be conducted in the following cycles: 
(i) Quarterly Cycle: March, June, September and December. 
(ii) Spot Cycle: January, February, April, May, July, August, October and November. 
(b) At least six (6) months closest in time to the current calendar month shall be listed for 
trading at all times consisting of: 
(i) four (4) consecutive contract months in the Quarterly Cycle; and 
(ii) two (2) consecutive contract months in the Spot Cycle. 
(c) Trading in a new Quarterly Cycle month other than Additional Month listings which are 
governed by paragraph (d), shall commence on the first (1st) Business Day following the listing of 
the Underlying Futures Contract. 
Trading in a new Spot Cycle month, other than Additional Month listings, shall commence on 
the first (1st) Business Day following the expiration of an Option Month in the same cycle. 
(d) The President may list “Additional Months” in either Cycle provided that: 
(i) there be no more than twelve (12) months listed for trading at any time; and 
(ii) a month may not be listed that would expire more than eighteen (18) months in the 
future. 
 (e) For Option Contracts in months during which USDX Futures Contracts are not listed for 
trading, the Underlying Futures Contract shall be the next futures month which is listed for 
trading; that is, for April and May Options, the Underlying Futures Contract is the June contract. 
Rule 15.22. Quotation Basis 
(a) Premium bids and offers shall be quoted in USDX futures points, with each point 
representing one thousand dollars ($1,000). The minimum price fluctuation (“tick”) shall be .005 
of a USDX futures point, which is equivalent to five dollars ($5.00) per Option contract. 
(b) However, a Trade may occur at a price of 0.001 of a USDX futures point ($1.00) if the 
Trade liquidates Positions for both parties of the Transaction. 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2007; effective April 5, 2007 [¶ (a)]. 
Rule 15.23. Strike Prices  
(a) Strike Prices shall be set in one-half (1/2) USDX point intervals or multiples thereof. 
(b) The number of Strike Prices listed for trading at any time shall be as determined by the 
Exchange. 
 
 


15-8 
Rule 15.24. Last Trading Day  
(a) Options trading shall end on the second (2nd) Friday immediately preceding the third (3rd) 
Wednesday of the calendar month that coincides with the Options Contract month listed for 
trading so that, for example, July 2000 USDX Options Last Trading Day is such Friday in July 
2000 and September 2000 USDX Options Last Trading Day is such Friday in September 2000. 
(b) If that date is an Exchange Holiday, the last day of Options trading shall be the preceding 
Business Day. 
Rule 15.25. Obligations of Option Purchasers 
(a) The Purchaser which purchases a USDX Option shall cause such Option to be submitted 
by a Clearing Member to the Clearing Organization for clearance in accordance with the Rules of 
the Clearing Organization. 
(b) The Purchaser which clears a USDX Option shall pay in full the Premium to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with the Rules of the Clearing Organization. 
(c) The Purchaser of a USDX Option shall, upon exercising such Option in accordance with 
the Rules, enter into an Underlying Futures Contract to buy (in the case of a Call) or to sell (in the 
case of a Put) USDX for delivery in the Quarterly or Spot Option month's Underlying Futures 
Contract, at the Strike Price specified in such Option; provided, however, that any such contract 
entered into upon exercise shall be entered into for the account of the Person having purchased 
the USDX Option. 
Amended by the Board March 21, 2012; effective May 1, 2012 [a]. 
Rule 15.26. Obligations of Option Grantors 
(a) The Grantor which grants a USDX Option shall cause such Option to be submitted by a 
Clearing Member to the Clearing Organization for clearance in accordance with the Rules of the 
Clearing Organization. 
(b) The Grantor which clears a USDX Option shall make such Margin deposits as the 
Clearing Organization may require. 
(c) The Grantor of a USDX Option shall, upon being assigned an Exercise Notice in 
accordance with the Rules of the Clearing Organization, enter into an Underlying Futures 
Contract to sell (in the case of a Call) or to buy (in the case of a Put) the USDX for delivery in the 
Quarterly or Spot Option month's Underlying Futures Contract, at the Strike Price specified in 
such Option; provided, however, that any such contract entered into upon assignment of an 
Exercise Notice shall be entered into for the account of the Person having granted the USDX 
Option. 
Amended by the Board March 21, 2012; effective May 1, 2012 [a]. 
Rule 15.27. Effect of Clearance 
Upon acceptance of a USDX Option by the Clearing Organization, the Clearing Organization 
shall be substituted as, and assume the position of, the Purchaser to the Clearing Member which is 
the Grantor and the position of the Grantor to the Clearing Member which is the Purchaser; and 
thereupon the Clearing Organization shall have all the rights and obligations with respect to such 
Option as the parties for which it is substituted. 
 


15-9 
Rule 15.28. Exercise 
(a) An Option may be exercised by the buyer on any Business Day that USDX Options are 
traded. 
(b) An Exercise Notice shall be in the form prescribed by the Clearing Organization and in 
accordance with its Rules for Puts and Calls. The Clearing Member who is representing the buyer 
shall present an Exercise Notice to the Clearing Organization by 5:00 p.m. of the day of exercise. 
(c) Notwithstanding the above, on the Last Trading Day for an Option, no Option that is not 
at least one tick-in-the-money may be exercised by the buyer. 
Amended by the Board May 20, 2010; effective May 25, 2010 [¶ (c)]. 
Rule 15.29. Expiration  
A USDX Option on the Exchange shall expire at 5:00 p.m. on the Last Trading Day, 
provided, however, that any Option which is one (1) tick in-the-money and remains unexercised 
after that time shall be automatically exercised by the Clearing Organization. 
Amended by the Board May 20, 2010; effective May 25, 2010. 
Rule 15.30. Assignment 
(a) The Clearing Organization shall assign Exercise Notices to Clearing Members with open 
short Options Positions of the same type as the one being exercised through a pro rata process. 
(b) A Clearing Member who has been assigned an Exercise Notice shall be notified of such 
assignment as soon as practicable after such Notice is assigned by the Clearing Organization. 
(c) The Clearing Member receiving an Exercise Notice shall be assigned a short Position in 
the Underlying Futures Contract if a Call is exercised or a long Position in the Underlying Futures 
Contract if a Put is exercised. The Clearing Member representing the Option buyer shall be 
assigned a long Position in the Underlying Futures Contract if a Call is exercised or a short 
Position in the Underlying Futures Contract if a Put is exercised. 
(d) All USDX Futures Contract Positions shall be assigned at a price equal to the exercise 
price of the Option and shall be marked to market in accordance with the Rules of the Clearing 
Organization on the trading day following the Exercise Notice. 
 
SPECIAL NOTICE RELATING TO RULES 
 
U.S. Dollar Index® and ICE® USDX® are registered marks of ICE Data Indices, LLC or 
its affiliates (“ICE Data”) and have been licensed, along with the U.S. Dollar Index (the 
“Index”), for use by ICE Futures U.S in connection with the U.S. Dollar Index Futures 
Contract. The U.S. Dollar Index Futures Contract is not sponsored, endorsed, sold or 
promoted by ICE Data.  ICE Data makes no representations or warranties regarding the 
advisability of investing in securities or futures contracts, and any such investment based 
upon the performance of the Index particularly, or the ability of the Index to track general 
stock market performance.  
 
ICE DATA MAKES NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, AND 
HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF MER-
CHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE WITH 


15-10 
RESPECT TO THE INDEX OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN.  IN NO 
EVENT SHALL ICE DATA HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY SPECIAL, 
PUNITIVE, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING 
LOST PROFITS), EVEN IF NOTIFIED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH 
DAMAGES. 
 


16-1 
   
ICE Futures U.S.®, Inc. 
 
CURRENCY RULES 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Rule 
 
Currency Futures 
16.00 
Unit of Trading 
16.01 
Months Traded 
16.02 
Quotation Basis 
16.03 
Last Trading Day 
16.04 
Delivery Procedures 
16.05 
Delinquency in Performance 
16.06 
Force Majeure 
 


16-2 
ICE FUTURES U.S.®, INC. 
 
CURRENCY RULES 
 
 FUTURES 
Rule 16.00. Unit of Trading 
The unit of trading for the different Currency Futures Contracts are as follows: 
Currency Pair 
Unit of Trading 
(a) Euro Based 
 
1. Euro-Czech koruna (euro-koruna) ……………………………………………………..    100,000 euros 
2. Euro-Hungarian forint (euro-forint) …………………………………………………..     100,000 euros 
3. Euro-South African rand (euro-rand) ..………………………………………………..     100,000 euros 
4. Euro-Japanese yen (euro-yen)…………………………………………………………     125,000 euros 
5. Euro-Swedish krona (euro-krona) …………………………………………………….     125,000 euros 
6. Euro-Swiss franc (euro-Swiss) ……………………………………………………….      125,000 euros 
7. Euro- British pound (euro-pound) …………………………………………………….     125,000 euros 
8. Euro-Norwegian krone (euro-krone) ………………………………………………….     125,000 euros 
9. Euro-Canadian dollar (euro-Canada) ………………………………………………….     125,000 euros 
10. Euro- US dollar (euro) ……………………………………………………..…………    125,000 euros 
11. Euro-Australian dollar ( euro-Aussie) ……………………………………...…………    125,000 euros 
 
(b) Pound Sterling Based 
1. Pounds sterling-Japanese yen (sterling-yen) ....................................................... 125,000 Pounds Sterling 
2. Pounds sterling-Swiss franc (sterling-Swiss) ...................................................... 125,000 Pounds Sterling 
3. Pounds sterling-US dollar (sterling-dollar) ……………………………………..  62,500 Pounds Sterling 
4. Pounds sterling-Australian dollar (sterling-Aussie) .….……………………….  125,000 Pounds Sterling 
5. Pounds sterling-New Zealand dollar (sterling-kiwi) ….……………………….  125,000 Pounds Sterling 
6. Pounds sterling-Canadian dollar (sterling-Canada) .….……………………….  125,000 Pounds Sterling 
7. Pounds sterling-Norwegian krone (sterling-Norway) ...……………………….  125,000 Pounds Sterling 
8. Pounds sterling-South African rand (sterling-rand) .….……………………….  125,000 Pounds Sterling 
9. Pounds sterling-Swedish krona (sterling-Sweden) .….………………………..  125,000 Pounds Sterling 
 
(c) US Dollar Based 
1. US Dollar-South African Rand (dollar-rand) ............................................................ 
100,000 US dollars 
2. US Dollar-Swedish krona (dollar-Sweden) 
............................................................... 
100,000 US dollars 
3. US Dollar-Norwegian krone (dollar-Norway) .......................................................... 
100,000 US dollars 
4. US Dollar-Czech koruna (dollar-koruna) ………………………………………….100,000 US dollars 
5. US Dollar-Hungarian forint (dollar-forint) ………………………………………...100,000 US dollars 
 
(d) Australian Dollar and New Zealand Dollar Based 
 
1 Australian dollar-Japanese yen (Aussie-yen) .................................................. 200,000 Australian dollars 
2. Australian dollar-New Zealand dollar (Aussie-kiwi) ..................................... 200,000 Australian dollars 
3. Australian dollar-Canadian dollar (Aussie-Canada) ………………………...200,000 Australian dollars 


16-3 
4. Australian dollar-US dollar (Aussie-dollar)………………………………….100,000 Australian dollars 
5. New Zealand dollar-US dollar (new Kiwi-dollar)………………..………….100,000 New Zealand dollars 
 
(e) Japanese Yen Denominated 
 
1. Canadian dollar-Japanese yen (Canadian dollar-yen)…………………….….200,000 Canadian dollars 
2. New Zealand dollar-Japanese yen (kiwi-yen) ….….……………………….  200,000 New Zealand dollars 
3. Norwegian krone-Japanese yen (Norway-yen) .….……………………….  2,000,000 Norwegian krone 
4. Swedish krona-Japanese yen (Sweden-yen) ….….……………………….  2,000,000 Swedish krona 
5. Swiss franc-Japanese yen (Swiss franc-yen)…………………………………250,000 Swiss francs 
 
(f) Swedish Krona Denominated 
 
1. Norwegian krone-Swedish krona (krone-krona)……………………………..500,000 Norwegian krone 
 
(g) Mexican Peso Denominated 
 
1. Mexican Peso US dollar (peso dollar)…………………………………………500,000 Mexican pesos 
 
(h) Canadian Dollar Based 
 
1. Canadian Dollar US Dollar (Canadian-dollar)………………………………..100,000 C. dollars 
 
(i) Swiss Franc Based 
 
1. Swiss franc-US Dollar (Swiss-dollar) …..……………………………….…...125,000 Swiss Francs 
 
(j) Japanese yen Based 
 
1.  Japanese yen-US Dollar (yen-dollar) ………………………………………12,500,000 Japanese yen 
 
(k) Israeli shekel Based 
 
1. Israeli shekel-US Dollar (shekel-dollar)……………………………………..1,000,000 Israeli Shekel 
 
(l) Polish zloty Based 
 
1. Polish zloty-Euro (zloty-euro)………………………………………………………….500,000 zloty 
2. Polish zloty-US dollar (zloty-dollar)…………………………………..…………….500,000 zloty 
 
(m) Turkish lira Based 
 
11. Turkish lira-Euro (lira-euro)…………………………………….……………………500,000 lira 
2. Turkish lira-US dollar (lira-dollar)…………………………………………...............500,000 lira 
  
Amended by the Board October 10, 2007; effective December 18, 2007 [¶¶ (a) through (d)]. 
Amended by the Board October 10, 2007; effective January 25, 2008 [¶ (c)]. 
Amended by the Board September 10, 2008; effective November 6, 2008 [¶¶ (a) through (d)].\ 
Amended by the Board May 19, 2011; effective June 6, 2011 [¶¶ (a), (d) and (e)]. 
Amended by the Board August 31, 2011; effective September 19, 2011 [¶¶ (d), (g) through (j)]. 
Amended by the Board October 22, 2014; effective January 12, 2015 [¶¶ (k) through (m)]. 


16-4 
Rule 16.01. Months Traded 
(a) For the purpose of trading in Currency Futures Contracts, the “Quarterly Cycle” shall 
mean the months of March, June, September and December. 
(b) Trading shall be conducted in at least four (4) consecutive delivery months of the 
Quarterly Cycle.  Up to sixteen (16) additional consecutive contract months in the Quarterly 
Cycle shall be listed at the discretion of the President. 
(c) Trading in a new delivery month shall commence on the first (1st) Business Day following 
the Last Trading Day for an expiring delivery month in the same cycle. 
 
Amended by the Board October 22, 2014; effective January 12, 2015 [¶ a)]. 
Amended by the Board June 30, 2017; effective July 24, 2017[¶ (b)]. 
 
Rule 16.02. Quotation Basis 
The quotation basis for the Currency Futures Contracts are as follows: 
(a) Euro Based 
 (i) Euro-koruna: Bids and offers for euro-koruna futures shall be quoted in terms of Czech 
Republic koruna per euro significant to four (4) decimals. The minimum price fluctuation 
shall be the euro equivalent of .0005 Czech koruna per euro, which is equivalent to fifty (50) 
Czech korunas per contract. The Czech koruna is the quoted currency. The euro is the base 
currency. 
(ii) Euro-forint: Bids and offers for euro-forint futures shall be quoted in terms of 
Hungarian forint per euro significant to three (3) decimals. The minimum price fluctuation 
shall be the euro equivalent of .010 Hungarian forint per euro, which is equivalent to one 
thousand (1000) Hungarian forints per contract. The Hungarian forint is the quoted currency. 
The euro is the base currency. Notwithstanding the above, the minimum price fluctuation for 
calendar spread trades, block trades and EFRP trades shall be .005 Hungarian forint per euro, 
which is equivalent to five hundred (500) Hungarian forints per contract. 
 (iii) Euro-rand: Bids and offers for euro-rand futures shall be quoted in terms of South 
African rand per euro significant to five (5) decimals.  The minimum price fluctuation shall 
be the euro equivalent of .00025 South African rand per euro, which is equivalent to twenty-
five (25) South African rands per contract.  The South African rand is the quoted currency.  
The euro is the base currency. 
(iv) Euro-yen:  Bids and offers for euro-yen futures shall be quoted in terms of Japanese 
yen per euro significant to three (3) decimals. The minimum price fluctuation shall be .005 
Japanese yen per euro, which is equivalent to six hundred twenty-five (625) Japanese yen per 
futures contract. The Japanese yen is the quoted currency. The euro is the base currency. 
(v) Euro-krona:  Bids and offers for euro-krona currency futures shall be quoted in terms of 
Swedish krona per euro significant to five (5) decimals. The minimum price fluctuation shall 
be .00050 Swedish krona per euro, which is equivalent to sixty two and one half (62.50) 
Swedish krona per futures contract. The Swedish krona is the quoted currency. The euro is 
the base currency. Notwithstanding the above, the minimum price fluctuation for calendar 
spread trades, block trades and EFRP trades shall be .00025 Swedish krona per euro, which is 
equivalent to thirty one and one quarter (31.25) Swedish krona per contract. 
 (vi) Euro-Swiss: Bids and offers for euro-swiss currency futures shall be quoted in terms of 
Swiss francs per euro significant to five (5) decimals. The minimum price fluctuation shall be 


16-5 
.00005 Swiss franc per euro, which is equivalent to six and one quarter (6.25) Swiss francs 
per futures contract. The Swiss franc is the quoted currency. The euro is the base currency. 
(vii) Euro-pound: Bids and offers for euro-pound currency futures shall be quoted in terms 
of British pound per euro significant to five (5) decimals. The minimum price fluctuation 
shall be .00005 British pound per euro, which is equivalent to six and one quarter (6.25) 
British pounds per futures contract. The British pound is the quoted currency. The euro is the 
base currency. 
(viii) Euro-Norwegian krone: Bids and offers for euro-Norwegian krone currency futures 
shall be quoted in terms of Norwegian krone per euro significant to five (5) decimals. The 
minimum price fluctuation shall be .00050 Norwegian krone per euro, which is equivalent to 
sixty two and one half (62.50) Norwegian krone per futures contract. The Norwegian krone is 
the quoted currency. The euro is the base currency. Notwithstanding the above, the minimum 
price fluctuation for calendar spread trades, block trades and EFRP trades shall be .00025 
Norwegian krone per euro, which is equivalent to thirty one and one quarter (31.25) 
Norwegian krone per contract. 
(ix) Euro-Canada: Bids and offers for euro-Canada currency futures shall be quoted in 
terms of Canadian dollars per euro significant to five (5) decimals. The minimum price 
fluctuation shall be .00010 Canadian dollar per euro, which is equivalent to twelve and one 
half (12.50) Canadian dollars per futures contract. The Canadian dollar is the quoted 
currency. The euro is the base currency. Notwithstanding the above, the minimum price 
fluctuation for calendar spread trades, block trades and EFRP trades shall be .00005 Canadian 
dollar per euro, which is equivalent to six and one quarter (6.25) Canadian dollars per 
contract. 
 (x) Euro: Bids and offers for euro futures shall be quoted in U.S. cents and hundredths of 
U.S. cents per euro. The minimum price fluctuation shall be five-one thousandths (.005) of a 
cent per euro, which is equivalent to six and one quarter U.S. dollars ($6.25) per futures 
contract. The U.S. dollar is the quoted currency. The euro is the base currency. 
(xi) Euro-Aussie: Bids and offers for euro-Aussie currency futures shall be quoted in terms 
of Aussie dollars per euro significant to five (5) decimals. The minimum price fluctuation 
shall be .00010 Aussie dollar per euro, which is equivalent to twelve and one half (12.50) 
Aussie dollars per futures contract. The Aussie dollar is the quoted currency. The euro is the 
base currency.  Notwithstanding the above, the minimum price fluctuation for calendar 
spread trades, block trades and EFRP trades shall be .00005 Australian dollar per euro, which 
is equivalent to six and one quarter (6.25) Australian dollars per contract. 
 (b) Pound Sterling Based 
(i) Sterling-yen: Bids and offers for sterling-yen futures shall be quoted in terms of 
Japanese yen per pound sterling significant to three (3) decimals. The minimum price 
fluctuation shall be .010 Japanese yen per pound, which is equivalent to one thousand two 
hundred fifty (1250) Japanese yen per futures contract. Notwithstanding the above, the 
minimum price fluctuation for calendar spread trades, block trades and EFRP trades shall be 
.005 Japanese yen per pound, which is equivalent to six hundred and twenty-five (625) 
Japanese yen per futures contract. The Japanese yen is the quoted currency. The pound 
sterling is the base currency. 
(ii) Sterling-Swiss: Bids and offers for sterling-Swiss futures shall be quoted in terms of 
Swiss francs per pound sterling significant to five (5) decimals. The minimum price 
fluctuation shall be .00010 Swiss franc per pound, which is equivalent to twelve and one half 
(12.50) Swiss francs per futures contract. Notwithstanding the above, the minimum price 


16-6 
fluctuation for calendar spread trades, block trades and EFRP trades shall be .00005 Swiss 
franc per pound, which is equivalent to six and one quarter (6.25) Swiss francs per futures 
contract. The Swiss franc is the quoted currency. The pound sterling is the base currency. 
 (iii) Sterling-Dollar: Bids and offers for sterling-dollar futures shall be quoted in terms of 
U.S. dollars per pound sterling significant to four (4) decimals. The minimum price 
fluctuation shall be .0001 U.S. dollar per pound, which is equivalent to six and one quarter 
U.S. dollars ($6.25) per futures contract. The U.S. dollar is the quoted currency. The pound 
sterling is the base currency. 
(iv) Sterling-Aussie: Bids and offers for sterling-Aussie futures shall be quoted in terms of 
Australian dollars per pound sterling significant to five (5) decimals. The minimum price 
fluctuation shall be .00005 Australian dollar per pound, which is equivalent six and one 
quarter (6.25) Australian dollars per futures contract. The Australian dollar is the quoted 
currency. The pound sterling is the base currency. 
(v) Sterling-kiwi: Bids and offers for sterling-kiwi futures shall be quoted in terms of New 
Zealand dollars per pound sterling significant to five (5) decimals. The minimum price 
fluctuation shall be .00005 New Zealand dollar per pound, which is equivalent to six and one 
quarter (6.25) New Zealand dollars per futures contract. The New Zealand dollar is the 
quoted currency. The pound sterling is the base currency. 
(vi) Sterling-Canada: Bids and offers for sterling-Canada futures shall be quoted in terms 
of Canadian dollars per pound sterling significant to five (5) decimals. The minimum price 
fluctuation shall be .00005 Canadian dollar per pound, which is equivalent to six and one 
quarter (6.25) Canadian dollars per futures contract. The Canadian dollar is the quoted 
currency. The pound sterling is the base currency. 
(vii) Sterling-Norway: Bids and offers for sterling-Norway futures shall be quoted in terms 
of Norwegian krone per pound sterling significant to five (5) decimals. The minimum price 
fluctuation shall be .00025 Norwegian krone per pound, which is equivalent to thirty-one and 
a quarter (31.25) Norwegian krone per futures contract. The Norwegian krone is the quoted 
currency. The pound sterling is the base currency. 
(viii) Sterling-rand: Bids and offers for sterling-rand futures shall be quoted in terms of 
South African rand per pound sterling significant to five (5) decimals. The minimum price 
fluctuation shall be .00025 South African rand per pound, which is equivalent to thirty-one 
and a quarter (31.25) South African rand per futures contract. The South African rand is the 
quoted currency. The pound sterling is the base currency. 
(ix) Sterling-Sweden: Bids and offers for sterling-Sweden futures shall be quoted in terms 
of Swedish krona per pound sterling significant to five (5) decimals. The minimum price 
fluctuation shall be .00025 Swedish krona per pound, which is equivalent to thirty-one and a 
quarter (31.25) Swedish krona per futures contract. The Swedish krona is the quoted 
currency. The pound sterling is the base currency. 
 (c) US Dollar Based 
(i) Dollar-rand: Bids and offers for dollar-rand futures shall be quoted in terms of South 
African rands per U.S. dollar significant to five (5) decimals. The minimum price fluctuation 
shall be the U.S. dollar equivalent of .00250 South African rand per U.S. dollar, which is 
equivalent to two hundred and fifty (250) South African rand per contract. The South African 
rand is the quoted currency. The dollar is the base currency.  Notwithstanding the above, the 
minimum price fluctuation for calendar spread trades, block trades and EFRP trades shall be 


16-7 
.00025 South African rand per U.S. dollar, which is equivalent to twenty-five (25) African 
rand per contract. 
(ii) Dollar-Sweden: Bids and offers for dollar-Sweden futures shall be quoted in terms of 
Swedish krona per U.S. dollar significant to five (5) decimals. The minimum price fluctuation 
shall be the U.S. dollar equivalent of .00050 Swedish krona per U.S. dollar, which is 
equivalent to fifty (50) Swedish krona per contract. The Swedish krona is the quoted 
currency. The dollar is the base currency.  Notwithstanding the above, the minimum price 
fluctuation for calendar spread trades, block trades and EFRP trades shall be .00005 Swedish 
krona per U.S. dollar, which is equivalent to five (5) Swedish krona per contract. 
(iii) Dollar-Norway: Bids and offers for dollar-Norway futures shall be quoted in terms of 
Norwegian krone per U.S. dollar significant to five (5) decimals. The minimum price 
fluctuation shall be the U.S. dollar equivalent of .00050 Norwegian krone per U.S. dollar, 
which is equivalent to fifty (50) Norwegian krone per contract. Notwithstanding the above, 
the minimum price fluctuation for calendar spread trades, block trades and EFRP trades shall 
be the U.S. dollar equivalent of .00005 Norwegian krone per U.S. dollar, which is equivalent 
to five (5) Norwegian krone per contract. The Norwegian krone is the quoted currency. The 
dollar is the base currency. 
 (iv) Dollar-koruna: Bids and offers for dollar-koruna futures shall be quoted in terms of 
Czech Republic koruna per U.S. dollar significant to four (4) decimals. The minimum price 
fluctuation shall be the U.S. dollar equivalent of .0005 Czech koruna per U.S. dollar, which is 
equivalent to fifty (50) Czech korunas per contract. The Czech-koruna is the quoted currency. 
The dollar is the base currency. 
(v) Dollar-forint: Bids and offers for dollar-forint futures shall be quoted in terms of 
Hungarian forint per U.S. dollar significant to three (3) decimals. The minimum price 
fluctuation shall be the U.S. dollar equivalent of .010 Hungarian forint per U.S. dollar, which 
is equivalent to one thousand (1000) Hungarian forints per contract. Notwithstanding the 
above, the minimum price fluctuation for calendar spread trades, block trades and EFRP 
trades shall be the U.S. dollar equivalent of .005 Hungarian forint per U.S. dollar, which is 
equivalent to five hundred (500) Hungarian forints per contract.  The Hungarian forint is the 
quoted currency. The dollar is the base currency. 
(d) Australian Dollar and New Zealand Dollar Based 
(i) Aussie-yen: Bids and offers for Aussie-yen futures shall be quoted in terms of yen per 
Australian dollar significant to three (3) decimals. The minimum price fluctuation shall be 
.005 Japanese yen per Australian dollar, which is equivalent to one thousand (1,000) Japanese 
yen per futures contract. The Japanese yen is the quoted currency and the Australian dollar is 
the base currency. 
(ii) Aussie-kiwi: Bids and offers for Aussie-kiwi futures shall be quoted in terms of New 
Zealand dollars per Australian dollar significant to five (5) decimals. The minimum price 
fluctuation shall be .00010 New Zealand dollar per Australian dollar, which is equivalent to 
twenty (20) New Zealand dollars per futures contract. Notwithstanding the above, the 
minimum price fluctuation for calendar spread trades, block trades and EFRP trades shall be 
.00005 New Zealand dollar per Australian dollar, which is equivalent to ten (10) New 
Zealand dollars per futures contract. The New Zealand dollar is the quoted currency and the 
Australian dollar is the base currency. 
 (iii) Aussie-Canada: Bids and offers for Aussie-Canada Futures shall be quoted in terms of 
Canadian dollars for Australian dollar significant to five (5) decimals. The minimum price 
fluctuation shall be .00005 Canadian dollar for Australian dollar, which is equivalent to ten 


16-8 
(10) Canadian dollars per futures contract. The Canadian dollar is the quoted currency and the 
Australian dollar is the base currency. 
(iv) Aussie-dollar: Bids and offers for Aussie-dollar futures shall be quoted in terms of U.S. 
dollar per Australian dollar significant to five (5) decimals. The minimum price fluctuation 
shall be .00005 U.S. dollar per Australian dollar, which is equivalent to five U.S. dollars ($5) 
per futures contract. The U.S. dollar is the quoted currency and the Australian dollar is the 
base currency. 
(v) kiwi-dollar:  Bids and offers for kiwi-dollar futures shall be quoted in terms of US 
dollar per New Zealand dollar significant to five (5) decimals.  The minimum price 
fluctuation shall be .00005 US dollar per New Zealand dollar, which is equivalent to five US 
dollars ($5) per futures contract.  The US dollar is the quoted currency and the New Zealand 
dollar is the base currency.  
(e) Japanese Yen Denominated 
   (i) Canada dollar-yen: Bids and offers for Canadian dollar-yen currency futures shall be 
quoted in terms of Japanese yen per Canadian dollar significant to three (3) decimals. The 
minimum price fluctuation shall be .005 Japanese yen per Canadian dollar, which is 
equivalent to one thousand (1,000) Japanese yen per futures contract. The Japanese yen is the 
quoted currency. The Canadian dollar is the base currency. 
(ii) kiwi-yen: Bids and offers for kiwi-yen currency futures shall be quoted in terms of 
Japanese yen per New Zealand dollar significant to three (3) decimals. The minimum price 
fluctuation shall be .005 Japanese yen per New Zealand dollar, which is equivalent to one 
thousand (1,000) Japanese yen per futures contract. The Japanese yen is the quoted currency. 
The New Zealand dollar is the base currency. 
(iii) Norway-yen: Bids and offers for Norway-yen currency futures shall be quoted in terms 
of Japanese yen per Norwegian krone significant to five (5) decimals. The minimum price 
fluctuation shall be .00025 Japanese yen per Norwegian krone, which is equivalent to five 
hundred (500) Japanese yen per futures contract. The Japanese yen is the quoted currency. 
The Norwegian krone is the base currency. 
(iv) Sweden-yen: Bids and offers for Sweden-yen currency futures shall be quoted in terms 
of Japanese yen per Swedish krona significant to five (5) decimals. The minimum price 
fluctuation shall be .00025 Japanese yen per Swedish krona, which is equivalent to five 
hundred (500) Japanese yen per futures contract. The Japanese yen is the quoted currency. 
The Swedish krona is the base currency. 
(v) Swiss franc-yen: Bids and offers for Swiss franc-yen currency futures shall be quoted in 
terms of Japanese yen per Swiss franc significant to three (3) decimals. The minimum price 
fluctuation shall be .010 Japanese yen per Swiss franc, which is equivalent to two thousand 
five hundred (2,500) Japanese yen per futures contract. Notwithstanding the above, the 
minimum price fluctuation for calendar spread trades, block trades and EFRP trades shall be 
.005 Japanese yen per Swiss franc, which is equivalent to one thousand two hundred and fifty 
(1,250) Japanese yen per futures contract. The Japanese yen is the quoted currency. The 
Swiss Franc is the base currency. 
 (f) Swedish Krona Denominated 
(i) krone-krona: Bids and offers for krone-krona currency futures shall be quoted in terms 
of Swedish krona per Norwegian krone significant to five (5) decimals. The minimum price 
fluctuation shall be .00005 Swedish krona per Norwegian krone, which is equivalent to 


16-9 
twenty-five (25) Swedish krona per futures contract. The Swedish krona is the quoted 
currency. The Norwegian krone is the base currency. 
(g) Mexican Peso Denominated 
  (i) Peso-dollar: Bids and offers for peso-dollar currency futures shall be quoted in terms 
of U.S. dollar per Mexican peso significant to six (6) decimals.  The minimum price 
fluctuation shall be .000025 dollar per peso, which is equivalent to twelve and one half U.S. 
dollars ($12.50) per contract.  The Mexican peso is the base currency. 
(h) Canadian Dollar Based 
(i) Canadian-dollar:  Bids and offers for Canadian-dollar futures shall be quoted in terms 
of US dollars per Canadian dollar significant to 5 decimals.  The minimum price fluctuation 
shall be the Canadian dollar equivalent of .00005 US dollars per Canadian dollar, which is 
equivalent to five (5) US dollars per contract.  The US dollar is the quoted currency.  The 
Canadian dollar is the base currency. 
(i) Swiss Franc Based:   
(i) Swiss-dollar:  Bids and offers for swiss-dollar futures shall be quoted in terms of US 
dollars per Swiss franc to 5 decimal places.  The minimum price fluctuation shall be the 
Swiss franc equivalent of .00005 US dollars per Swiss franc, which is equivalent to six and 
one quarter (6.25) US dollars per contract.  The US dollar is the quoted currency.  The Swiss 
franc is the base currency. 
(j) Japanese yen Based: 
(i) yen-dollar: Bids and offers for yen-dollar futures shall be quoted in terms of US 
dollars per Japanese yen to 7 decimal places.  The minimum price fluctuation shall be 
the Japanese yen equivalent of .0000001 US dollars per Japanese yen, which is 
equivalent to six and one quarter (6.25) US dollars per contract.  The US dollar is the 
quoted currency.  The Japanese yen is the base currency. 
(k) Israeli Shekel Based: 
 (i) shekel-dollar: Bids and offers for shekel-dollar futures shall be quoted in terms of U.S. 
dollars per Israeli Shekel significant to six (6) decimals. The minimum price fluctuation shall 
be .000025 U.S. dollars per Israeli Shekel, which is equivalent to twenty five U.S. dollars 
($25) per futures contract. Notwithstanding the above, the minimum price fluctuation for 
calendar spread trades, block trades and EFRP trades shall be .000005 U.S. dollars per Israeli 
Shekel, which is equivalent to five U.S. dollars ($5) per futures contract. The U.S. dollar is 
the quoted currency and the Israeli Shekel is the base currency. 
 (l) Polish zloty Based: 
(i) zloty-euro: Bids and offers for the zloty-euro currency futures shall be quoted in terms 
of euros per Polish zloty to five (5) decimal places. The minimum price fluctuation shall 
be.00005 euros per zloty, which is equivalent to twenty five euros (€25) per futures contract. 
Notwithstanding the above, the minimum price fluctuation for calendar spread trades, block 
trades and EFRP trades shall be .00001 euros per zloty, which is equivalent to five euros (€5) 
per futures contract. The Euro is the quoted currency and the Polish zloty is the base 
currency. 
(ii) zloty-dollar: Bids and offers for the zloty-dollar currency futures shall be quoted in 
terms of US dollars per Polish zloty to five (5) decimal places. The minimum price 
fluctuation shall be .00005 US dollars per zloty, which is equivalent to twenty five US dollars 


16-10 
($25) per futures contract. Notwithstanding the above, the minimum price fluctuation for 
calendar spread trades, block trades and EFRP trades shall be .00001 US dollars per zloty, 
which is equivalent to five US dollars ($5) per futures contract. The US dollar is the quoted 
currency and the Polish zloty is the base currency. 
 (m) Turkish lira Based: 
(i) lira-euro:  Bids and offers for the lira-euro currency futures shall be quoted in terms of 
euros per Turkish lira to five (5) decimal places. The minimum price fluctuation shall be 
.00005 euros per zloty, which is equivalent to twenty five euros (€25) per futures contract. 
Notwithstanding the above, the minimum price fluctuation for calendar spread trades, block 
trades and EFRP trades shall be .00001 euros per zloty, which is equivalent to five euros (€5) 
per futures contract. The Euro is the quoted currency and the Turkish lira is the base 
currency. 
 
 
(ii) lira-dollar: Bids and offers for the lira-dollar currency futures shall be quoted in 
terms of US dollars per Turkish lira to five (5) decimal places. The minimum price 
fluctuation shall be .00005 US dollars per lira, which is equivalent to twenty five US dollars 
($25) per futures contract. Notwithstanding the above, the minimum price fluctuation for 
calendar spread trades, block trades and EFRP trades shall be .00001 US dollars per lira, 
which is equivalent to five US dollars ($5) per futures contract.  The US dollar is the quoted 
currency and the Turkish lira is the base currency. 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2007; effective April 5, 2007. 
Amended by the Board October 10, 2007; effective December 18, 2007 [¶¶ (a) through (d)]. 
Amended by the Board October 10, 2007; effective January 25, 2008 [¶¶ (c)(ii) through (iv)]. 
Amended by the Board September 10, 2008; effective November 6, 2008 [¶¶ (a) through (d)]. 
Amended by the Board February 11, 2009; effective February 23, 2009 [¶¶ (a)(xii)-(xvi), (b)(x), 
(c)(ix)-(xii) and (d)(vi) and (g)] 
Amended by the Board March 2, 2011; effective April 18, 2011 [¶¶ (a)(xii) through (xvii), (b)(x), 
(c)(ix) through (xii), (d)(vi) and (g)]. 
Amended by the Board May 19, 2011; effective June 6, 2011 [¶¶ (a)(xviii) through (xxv), (d)(vii) 
and (e)(vi)]. 
 
Amended by the Board August 31, 2011; effective September 19, 2011 [¶¶ (d), (g) through (j)]. 
 
Amended by the Board October 22, 2014; effective January 12, 2015 [¶¶ (k) through (m)]. 
 
Amended by the Board July 7, 2017; effective August 7, 2017 [¶¶ (a)(ii), (a)(xi), (a)(xiv) and 
(a)(xv) and (c)(i) and (c)(ii)]. 
 
Effective February 12, 2018 {¶¶ (b)(i) and (ii), (c)(iii) and (c)(v), (d)(ii), (e)(v), (k)(i), (l)(i) and (ii) 
and (m)(i) and (ii)]. 
Rule 16.03. Last Trading Day 
(a) Except for the Euro-Koruna, dollar-Koruna, dollar-Canadian, Zloty-Euro, Zloty-Dollar, 
Lira-Euro and Lira-Dollar contracts, the Last Trading Day in all Currency Futures Contracts 
deliverable in the current delivery month shall be the second (2nd) Business Day prior to the third 
(3rd) Wednesday of that month. If the Last Trading Day is a bank holiday in New York, New 


16-11 
York, then the Last Trading Day in the Currency Futures Contract deliverable in the current 
delivery month shall be the preceding Business Day. 
(b) The Last Trading Day in the dollar-Canadian contract deliverable in the current delivery 
month shall be the first (1st) Business Day prior to the third (3rd) Wednesday of that month. If the 
Last Trading Day is a bank holiday in New York, New York or in the country of the quoted 
currency then the Last Trading Day in dollar-Canadian contract deliverable in the current delivery 
month shall be the preceding Business Day. 
(c) The Last Trading Day in the Euro-Koruna, Dollar-Koruna, Zloty-Euro, Zloty-Dollar, Lira-
Euro and Lira-Dollar contracts deliverable in the current delivery month shall be the second (2nd) 
Business Day prior to the third (3rd) Wednesday of that month. If the Last Trading Day is a bank 
holiday in New York, New York or if the following Business Day (i.e., the first (1st) Business 
Day prior to the third (3rd) Wednesday) is a bank holiday in the country of the quoted currency, or 
in the country of the base currency, then the Last Trading Day in the Currency Futures Contract 
deliverable in the current delivery month shall be the preceding Business Day. 
Amended by the Board September 10, 2008; effective November 6, 2008 [¶¶ (a) and (b)]. 
Amended by the Board April 18, 2012; effective with the June 2013 contract month [¶¶ (a) and 
(c)]. 
Amended by the Board October 22, 2014; effective January 12, 2015 [¶¶ (a) and (c)]. 
Amended by the Board November 23, 2021; effective December 9, 2021 [¶¶ (a) and (c)]. 
 
Rule 16.04. Delivery Procedures 
(a) All deliveries must conform to government regulations in force at the time of delivery. If 
any national or international governmental agency or body issues an order, ruling, directive or 
law that conflicts with the requirements of these Rules, such order, ruling, directive or law shall 
be construed to take precedence and become part of these Rules and all open and new contracts 
shall be subject to such government orders. 
 (b) Delivery Day 
Delivery of all outstanding Currency Futures Contracts shall be made on the third (3rd) 
Wednesday of the contract month. If that day is not a Business Day or is a bank holiday in either 
the country of the base currency or in the country of the quoted currency, then the delivery day 
shall be the next day which is a Business Day and is not a bank holiday in either the country of 
the base currency or in the country of the quoted currency. 
(c) Final Settlement 
(i) For the purposes of this Rule, the term “CLS Delivered Currency Futures Contracts” 
shall mean all Currency Futures Contracts which require physical delivery of base and quoted 
currencies, except for the euro-koruna, dollar-koruna, zloty-euro, zloty-dollar, lira-euro and lira-
dollar, and the term “Non-CLS Delivered Currency Futures Contracts” shall refer to Currency 
Futures Contracts which require physical delivery of the  euro-koruna, dollar-koruna, zloty-euro, 
zloty-dollar, lira-euro and lira-dollar. 
(ii) For CLS Delivered Currency Futures Contracts, the Clearing Organization will match 
each Clearing Member having a long delivery Position (the Long Clearing Member) with one or 
more Clearing Members having a short delivery Position (the Short Clearing Member) in the 
expiring CLS Delivered Currency Futures Contract. On the Delivery Day, the Long Clearing 
Member shall make delivery of the quoted currency to the account of the Short Clearing Member, 


16-12 
and the Short Clearing Member shall make delivery of the base currency to the account of the 
Long Clearing Member, both deliveries to be made via CLS Bank in accordance with such 
procedures as CLS shall institute and amend from time to time (“CLS Procedures”). 
(iii) For Non-CLS Delivered Currency Futures Contracts, the Clearing Organization will 
match each Long Clearing Member with one or more Short Clearing Members in the expiring 
Currency Futures Contract. Delivery shall be made through the Clearing Members’ House margin 
accounts as specified in paragraph (g) of this Rule and the Clearing Organization Rules.  
 
(d) Netting of Positions for CLS Delivered Currency Futures Contracts 
 
(i) Solely with respect to CLS Delivered Currency Futures Contracts, a Clearing Member 
may net his delivery obligations to the extent that such Clearing Member (for itself or for 
Customers) is both long and short in individual Currency Futures Contracts, and, if a Customer 
Account is involved, has a written request from the Customer to net the Customer's Account 
against other accounts and provided further, that the Clearing Member has a written agreement 
respecting delivery and receipt other than as set forth in the Rules. If the Clearing Member 
chooses to net CLS Delivered Currency Futures Contracts, it shall indicate the net Position on its 
delivery commitment form or Final Position Statement. The netting of CLS Delivered Currency 
Futures Contracts shall be performed in the following sequence: (A) within each account, (B) 
eligible Customer Account against eligible Customer Account and (C) eligible Customer Account 
against Firm account.  
 
(ii) The netting of CLS Delivered Currency Futures Contracts by a Clearing Member shall 
relieve the Clearing Organization of any further obligations with respect to any Exchange 
contract involved and such Clearing Member shall indemnify the Exchange and the Clearing 
Organization against any liability, cost or expense either may incur for any reason as a result of 
the Clearing Member's netting of such contracts. 
 (e) All times stated in this Rule refer to New York Time, unless noted otherwise. 
 
(f) Delivery of CLS Delivered Currency Futures Contracts 
   (i) All CLS Delivered Currency Futures Contracts are required to be physically delivered 
through the  
Continuous Linked Settlement system (“CLS”). Each Clearing Member must 
either be a CLS Bank member or be able to use an approved CLS agent bank to make the 
required physical delivery. Notwithstanding the foregoing requirements, the delivery 
obligation may be satisfied in the manner specified in subparagraph (v) of this paragraph (f). 
 
(ii) For each expiring CLS Delivered Currency Futures Contract, a Clearing Member with a 
Position that remains open after the close of trading on the Last Trading Day shall submit to 
the Clearing Organization, on or before noon of the Last Trading Day, a statement, in the 
form prescribed by the Clearing Organization, detailing the Clearing Member’s final delivery 
Position (“Final Position Statement”). If the Final Position Statement is received later than 
noon but by 3:30 pm on the Last Trading Day, the Clearing Member may be subject to Rule 
16.05. A Clearing Member which submits a Final Position Statement after 3:30 pm on the 
Last Trading Day or fails to submit a Final Position Statement shall be deemed to be in 
default and subject to Rule 16.05. 
 
 (iii) For each expiring CLS Delivered Currency Futures Contract, a Clearing Member with 
a Position that remains open after the close of trading on the Last Trading Day shall submit to 


16-13 
CLS, on or before 5:00 pm of the Last Trading Day, the relevant instructions to either take 
delivery of the base currency from the Short Clearing Member and make delivery of the 
quoted currency to the Short Clearing Member for long Positions, or make delivery of the 
base currency to the Long Clearing Member and take delivery of the quoted currency from 
the Long Clearing Member for short Positions (“CLS Submission”). Notwithstanding the 
foregoing sentence, a Clearing Member with a Position that remains open after the close of 
trading on the Last Trading Day in the dollar-Canadian or small dollar-Canadian Currency 
Futures Contracts shall submit its CLS Submission to CLS on or before 3:00 pm of the Last 
Trading Day. If the CLS Submission is received by CLS later than 5:00 pm on the Last 
Trading Day, the Clearing Member may be subject to Rule 16.05. A Clearing Member which 
submits a CLS Submission after 3:00 pm on the Business Day preceding the Delivery Day or 
fails to submit a CLS Submission shall be deemed to be in default and subject to Rule 16.05. 
(iv) On the Delivery Day: 
 (A) the Long Clearing Member shall have its account credited with the correct amount of 
the base currency and debited with the quoted currency equivalent in accordance with the 
CLS Procedures, and 
  (B) the Short Clearing Member shall have its account credited with the correct amount of 
the quoted currency and debited with the base currency equivalent in accordance with the 
CLS Procedures, and 
   (C) each of the Long Clearing Member and the Short Clearing Member, respectively, 
shall advise the Clearing Organization in writing by noon of the Delivery Day, in the event 
that such Clearing Member is unable to complete the delivery obligations applicable to it 
under the Rules. 
(v) Notwithstanding paragraph (f)(i), the Long Clearing Member and the Short Clearing 
Member may enter into a mutually acceptable written agreement to physically deliver or 
financially settle the delivery obligation under conditions other than those stipulated in the 
Rules. Written notice of any such agreement shall be furnished by the Long Clearing Member 
and the Short Clearing Member to the Clearing Organization, whereupon such delivery shall 
be considered complete. The making of any such agreement shall relieve the Clearing 
Organization of any further obligations with respect to any Exchange Contract involved, and 
the Long Clearing Member and the Short Clearing Member shall indemnify the Exchange 
and the Clearing Organization against any liability, cost or expense either may incur for any 
reason as a result of the execution, delivery or performance of any such contract or such 
agreement, or any breach thereof or default thereunder.   
(g) Delivery of Non-CLS Delivered Currency Futures Contracts  
 
(i) Holders of long euro-koruna, dollar-koruna, zloty-euro, zloty-dollar, lira-euro and lira-
dollar Currency Futures Contracts shall receive delivery of the base currency and shall pay 
the quoted currency equivalent. It is the responsibility of the Clearing Member having a long 
delivery Position to provide to the Clearing Organization complete information for the timely 
transfer of the correct total amount of quoted currency funds from the long Clearing 
Member’s House margin account at an “Approved Financial Institution”*  
______________ 
* A list of such Approved Financial Institutions may be accessed at the following link: 
https://www.theice.com/publicdocs/clear_us/Approved_Financial_Institutions.pdf 


16-14 
(as such term is defined in the Clearing Organization Rules) (such margin account hereafter 
referred to as the long Clearing Member’s “Quoted Currency Delivery Account”) and for 
the timely transfer of the correct total amount of base currency funds into the long Clearing 
Member’s House margin account at an “Approved Financial Institution” (such margin 
account hereafter referred to as the long Clearing Member’s “Base Currency Delivery 
Account”), as specified in the procedure below: 
(A) The Clearing Member shall deposit into and the Clearing Organization shall debit 
from the long Clearing Member’s Quoted Currency Delivery Account an amount of the 
quoted currency that is sufficient to pay for the delivery of the base currency on all 
outstanding Non-CLS Delivered Currency Futures Contracts (subject to any netting 
pursuant to the Clearing Organization Rules) and that is for value on the Business Day 
immediately preceding Delivery Day that is not a bank holiday in the country of the quoted 
currency. The amount of the quoted currency so deposited and debited shall equal the value 
of all of the outstanding long Currency Futures Contracts (subject to any such netting) 
based on the Settlement Price on the Last Trading Day. 
(B) On the Delivery Day the Clearing Organization shall credit the long Clearing 
Member’s Base Currency Delivery Account in accordance with the Clearing Organization 
Rules, with the correct amount of the base currency, which shall equal the unit of trading 
for each outstanding long Currency Futures Contract (subject to any such netting) based on 
the Settlement Price on the Last Trading Day. 
(ii) Holders of short euro-koruna, dollar koruna, zloty-euro, zloty-dollar, lira-euro and lira-
dollar Currency Futures Contracts shall make delivery of the base currency and shall receive 
payment in the appropriate quoted currency. It is the responsibility of the Clearing Member 
having a short delivery Position to provide to the Clearing Organization complete information 
for the timely transfer of the correct amount of the base currency funds from the short 
Clearing Member’s House margin account at an “Approved Financial Institution (as such 
term is defined in the Clearing Organization Rules)* (such margin account hereafter referred 
to as the short Clearing Member’s “Base Currency Delivery Account”) and for the timely 
transfer of the correct total amount of quoted currency funds into the short Clearing 
Member’s House margin account at an Approved Financial Institution (as such term is 
defined in the Clearing Organization Rules) (such margin account hereafter referred to as the 
short Clearing Member’s Quoted Currency Delivery Account ), as specified in the procedure 
below: 
(A) The Clearing Member shall deposit into and the Clearing Organization shall debit 
from the short Clearing Member’s Base Currency Delivery Account an amount of the base 
currency that is sufficient to cover the delivery of the base currency on all outstanding Non-
CLS Delivered Currency Futures Contracts (subject to any netting pursuant to the Clearing  
 
______________ 
* A list of such Approved Financial Institutions may be accessed at the following link: 
https://www.theice.com/publicdocs/clear_us/Approved_Financial_Institutions.pdf 


16-15 
Organization Rules) and that is for value on the Business Day immediately preceding 
Delivery Day that is not a bank holiday in the country of the base currency. The amount 
of the base currency so deposited and debited shall equal the unit of trading for each 
outstanding short Currency Futures Contract (subject to any such netting) based on the 
Settlement Price on the Last Trading Day. 
 (iii) Regardless of any netting pursuant to the Clearing Organization Rules, each Clearing 
Member shall be responsible for settling payments in the quoted currency and the base 
currency on a gross basis with its applicable Customers. Each such Clearing Member shall 
maintain appropriate procedures relating to the settlement process for its Customers under 
this Rule. 
(iv) Notwithstanding any provision of this Rule to the contrary, the Long Clearing Member 
and the Short Clearing Member may enter into a mutually acceptable written agreement to 
physically deliver or financially settle the delivery obligation under conditions other than 
those stipulated in the Rules. A delivery so made shall be considered complete upon written 
notification of such agreement by the Long Clearing Member and the Short Clearing Member 
to the Clearing Organization. The making of any such agreement shall relieve the Clearing 
Organization of any further obligations with respect to any Exchange Contract involved, and 
the Long Clearing Member and the Short Clearing Member shall indemnify the Exchange 
and the Clearing Organization against any liability, cost or expense either may incur for any 
reason as a result of the execution, delivery or performance of any such contract or such 
agreement, or any breach thereof or default thereunder.   
(h) Reserved 
 
(i) Currency Market Disruption 
 
 
Notwithstanding the provisions above, in the event that the Clearing Organization 
determines that a Currency Market Disruption (as such term is defined in the Clearing 
Organization Rules) has occurred which impacts the ability of the Clearing Organization to 
meet settlement variation or final settlement obligations in any non-U.S. dollar currency (the 
“Impacted Currency”) for any contract, the Clearing Organization may effect settlement 
obligations for any Impacted Currency in U.S. dollars pursuant to the Clearing Organization 
Rules. 
Amended by the Board October 10, 2007; effective December 18, 2007 [¶ (d)]. 
Amended by the Board February 27, 2014; effective with the June 2014 currency delivery cycle 
[(a) through (h)]. 
Amended by the Board October 22, 2014; effective January 12, 2015 [¶¶ (c)(i) and (c )(iii); (g)(iii) 
through (g)(iii)(D) and (g)(v)]. 
Amended by the Board December 1, 2017; effective February 7, 2018 [¶¶ (g)(i), (g)(B), (g)(C), 
(g)(C)(ii), (g)(C)(ii)(A)(3) and (g)(C)(ii)(B) and (g)(C)(iii)]. 
Adopted by the Board October 26, 2018; effective November 13, 2018 [¶(i)]. 
Amended by the Board March 25, 2020; effective May 26, 2020 [¶¶ (c)(iii), (d)(i) and (d)(ii), (g)(i) 
through g(iv). 
Amended by the Board June 11, 2020; effective June 22, 2020 [¶ (h)]. 


16-16 
Amended by the Board November 23, 2021; effective December 9, 2021 [¶¶ (c)(i), (g)(i) and 
(g)(B)(ii). 
Rule 16.05. Delinquency in Performance 
(a) If a Clearing Member with a commitment to deposit currency funds pursuant to Rule 
16.04 fails to deposit such funds by the deadline specified in Rule 16.04, then the Clearing 
Member shall be deemed in default, and the matter shall be acted upon pursuant to paragraph (c) 
of this Rule. 
(b) If the information contained in either the Buyer's Delivery Commitment or the Seller's 
Delivery Commitment is so inaccurate that delivery cannot be accomplished in a timely manner, 
fines or damages may be assessed pursuant to paragraph (c) of this Rule. 
(c) If a Clearing Member fails to perform all the acts required by this Chapter, or is deemed to 
be in default, or is unduly enriched, such Clearing Member shall be liable to the Clearing 
Organization and to the opposite Clearing Member for any loss sustained and may be subject to 
disciplinary action by the Exchange and/or the Clearing Organization. 
Amended by the Board February 27, 2014; effective with the June 2014 currency delivery cycle 
[(b) through (c)]. 
Rule 16.06. Force Majeure 
The term “Force Majeure” shall mean any circumstance (including, but not limited to a strike, 
lockout, national emergency, governmental action, computer malfunction causing loss of data, a 
failure of the CLS system or act of God) which is beyond the control of a Clearing Member 
making or taking delivery of a contract in the manner provided for in the Rules. 
  


 
ICE Futures U.S.®, Inc. 
 
U.S. NATURAL GAS, POWER, ENVIRONMENTAL, AND 
LIQUEFIED NATURAL GAS FUTURES AND OPTIONS 
CONTRACTS 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Rule 
 
18.00 
Scope 
18.01 
Definitions 
18.02 
Obligations of Option Purchasers 
18.03 
Obligations of Option Grantors 
18.04 
Exercise of Options 
18.05 
Open Interest in Energy Contracts 
 
 
RESOLUTIONS 
 
No. 1 
Minimum Price Fluctuation Table 
No. 2 
Energy Contract Position Limits 
 
 
SUBCHAPTERS 
(Contract Terms and Conditions) 
 
Subchapter A 
Natural Gas Futures Contracts 
Subchapter B 
Power Futures Contracts 
Subchapter C 
Financial Environmental Futures Contracts 
Subchapter D 
Physical Environmental Futures Contracts 
Subchapter E 
Energy Option Contracts 
Subchapter F 
LNG Futures Contracts 
 


ICE Futures U.S.®, Inc. 
 
U.S. NATURAL GAS, POWER, ENVIRONMENTAL, AND 
LIQUEFIED NATURAL GAS FUTURES AND OPTIONS 
CONTRACTS 
 
Rule 18.00 Scope 
 
The rules in this Chapter govern the trading of Energy Futures Contracts and Energy Options. 
The Clearing Organization for all Energy Contracts shall be ICE Clear Europe Limited. The 
procedures for trading, clearing, cash settlement, physical delivery and exercise, and any other 
matters not specifically covered herein shall be governed by the Rules of the Exchange and the 
Clearing Organization Rules. 
 
Rule 18.01 Definitions 
 
As used in this Chapter 18, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 
 
Allowance 
“Allowance” means an instrument, certificate, permit, asset, security, right, contract or allowance 
that is designated as a deliverable instrument for a Physical Environmental Contract in the 
relevant Contract Terms set forth in Chapter 18.D. 
 
Adopted by the Board December3, 2021; effective December 20, 2021. 
 
Biofuelscan 
 
The Term "Biofuelscan" shall mean Platts Biofuelscan, or any successor publication, published 
by The McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. or its successor. 
 
Adopted by the Board April 10, 2013, effective April 29, 2013. 
 
CAISO 
The Term "CAISO", or its successor, shall mean the California Independent System Operator 
which reports market prices on its website at oasis.caiso.com or its successor. 
California MTS 
The Term “California MTS” shall mean the California compliance instrument tracking system 
service or any other State of California approved system for transferring California Carbon 
Allowances (as defined in Rule 18.D.001). 
CAMD ATS 
The Term “CAMD ATS” shall mean the EPA Clean Air Markets Division business system 
allowance tracking system, or its successor. 


Canadian Gas Price Reporter 
The Term "Canadian Gas Price Reporter" shall mean the Canadian Gas Price Reporter, or any 
successor publication, published by Canadian Enterdata Ltd. or its successor. 
Contract Period 
The Term "Contract Period" shall mean the expiration month or date of the Commodity Contract.  
CRS 
The Term “CRS” shall mean the Center for Resource Solutions, or its successor.  
Adopted by the Board December 30, 2021; effective January 18, 2022. 
CRT 
The Term “CRT” shall mean Climate Reserve Tonnes as defined by the Climate Action Reserve.  
Delivery Date 
The Term "Delivery Date" shall mean the relevant date or month for delivery of the underlying 
Commodity. 
EPA 
The Term “EPA” shall mean the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, or its successor. 
ERCOT 
The Term “ERCOT” shall mean the Electric Reliability Council of Texas, or its successor, which 
reports market prices on its website at www.ercot.com or its successor.  
Exercise Day 
The term “Exercise Day” shall mean any day on which an Option may be exercised in accordance 
with the Rules. 
Gas Daily 
The Term "Gas Daily" shall mean Platts Gas Daily, or any successor publication, published by 
The McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. or its successor. 
GJ or Gj 
The Term "GJ" or "Gj" each means gigajoule. 
Inside FERC 
The Term "Inside FERC" shall mean Platts Inside F.E.R.C.'s Gas Market Report, or any 
successor publication, published by The McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. or its successor. 
ISDA 
The term "ISDA" shall mean International Swaps and Derivatives Association. 


 
ISO 
The term “ISO” shall mean Independent System Operator. 
ISO New England 
The Term "ISO New England" shall mean the Independent System Operator of New England, or 
its successor, which reports market prices on its website at www.iso-ne.com or its successor. 
LMBP 
The term “LMBP” shall mean locational based marginal pricing. 
LMP 
The term “LMP” shall mean locational based marginal pricing. 
MISO 
The Term "MISO" shall mean the Midwest Independent Transmission System Operator, Inc., or 
its successor, which reports market prices on its website at www.midwestiso.org or its successor. 
MMBTU or MMBtu or mmbtu 
The Term "MMBTU", "MMBtu" and "mmbtu" each means one million British thermal units. 
M-RETS 
The Term “M-RETS” shall mean the Midwest Renewable Energy Tracking System, or its 
successor. 
Adopted by the Board December 30, 2021; effective January 18, 2022. 
MW 
The term “MW” shall mean megawatts.  Contract sized defined in megawatts shall represent flow 
for a number of hours equal to the number of pricing hours in Reference Price A which can be 
determined by taking the number of hours in the Specified Price for the days in the Pricing Date 
for the relevant product. 
MWH or MWh or mwh 
The Term "MWH", "MWh" and "mwh" each means megawatt hour. 
NAR 
The Term “NAR” shall mean the North American Renewables Registry, or its successor. 
Adopted by the Board December 30, 2021; effective January 18, 2022. 
 
 


Nearby Month 
The Term "Nearby Month", when preceded by a numerical adjective, shall mean, in respect of a 
Delivery Date and a Pricing Date, the delivery month of the Futures Contract identified by that 
numerical adjective, so that, for example, (A) "First Nearby Month" means the month of delivery 
of the first Futures Contract to expire following the Pricing Date; (B) "Second Nearby Month" 
means the month of delivery of the second Futures Contract to expire following that Pricing Date; 
and (C) "Sixth Nearby Month" means the month of delivery of the sixth Futures Contract to 
expire following that Pricing Date. 
NEPOOL GIS 
The Term “NEPOOL GIS” shall mean the New England Power Pool Generation Information 
System, or its successor. 
NERC Holiday 
The Term "NERC Holiday" each shall mean holidays as established by the North American 
Electric Reliability Committee, or its successor.  The NERC Holidays and the dates on which 
they are observed are listed on the NERC web site (www.NERC.com), or its successor, as 
Additional Off-Peak Days (aka “Holidays”). 
 
NGI or NGI's Bidweek Survey 
The Term "NGI" and "NGI's Bidweek Survey" each shall mean NGI's Bidweek Survey, or any 
successor publication, published by Intelligence Press, Inc. or its successor. 
ICE-NGX 
The Term "NGX" shall mean the Natural Gas Exchange Inc., or its successor, which reports 
market prices on its website at www.ngx.com or its successor. 
NYISO 
The Term "NYISO" shall mean the New York Independent System Operator, or its successor, 
which reports market prices on its website at www.nyiso.com or its successor. 
NYMEX 
The Term "NYMEX" shall mean the New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. or its successor. 
PJM 
The Term "PJM" shall mean the PJM Interconnection regional transmission organization, or its 
successor, which reports market prices on its website at www.pjm.com or its successor. 
Pricing Calendar 
The Term "Pricing Calendar" shall mean the holiday calendar relevant for determining the 
publication dates of a Reference Price. 
 
 


 Pricing Date 
The Term "Pricing Date" shall mean the day on which the applicable prices are announced or 
published by the Price Source. 
Price Source 
The Term "Price Source" shall mean the publication (or such other origin of reference) containing 
(or reporting) the Specified Price (or prices from which the Specified Price is calculated). 
 
Reference Price 
The Term "Reference Price" shall mean any of the commodity reference prices specified in the 
2005 ISDA Commodity Definitions, or any successor publications, or a commodity reference 
price specified using the commodity reference price framework described in the 2005 ISDA 
Commodity Definitions, or its successor. 
Renewable Identification Number 
 
The term Renewable Identification Number (RIN) shall mean an electronic certificate which 
represents one gallon of renewable fuel in the context of demonstrating compliance with the 
Renewable Fuel Standard Program of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007. 
 
Adopted by the Board April 10, 2013, effective April 29, 2013. 
 
Specified Price 
The Term "Specified Price" shall mean the explicit price reported in or by the Price Source, or 
capable of being determined from information reported in or by, the relevant Price Source. 
Rule 18.02 Obligations of Option Purchasers 
      (a) The Purchaser which clears an Option shall pay in full the Premium to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with the Clearing Organization Rules regarding the settlement of 
Commodity Contracts. 
(b) The Purchaser of an Option shall, upon exercising such Option in accordance with the 
Rules and  Clearing Organization Rules, enter into a long position (in the case of a Call Option) 
or a short position (in the case of a Put Option) in the Underlying Futures Contract deliverable in 
the Option Contract Period, at the Strike Price specified in such Option ,in accordance with the 
Clearing Organization Rules; provided, however, that any such contract entered into upon 
exercise shall be entered into for the account of the Person having purchased the Option. 
Amended by the Board October 28, 2021; effective November 15, 2021 [¶ (a)]. 
Rule 18.03 Obligations of Option Grantors 
(a) The Grantor which clears an Option shall make such Margin deposits as the Clearing 
Organization may require. 
 (b) The Grantor of an Option shall, upon being assigned an Exercise Notice in accordance 
with the Clearing Organization Rules, enter into a short position (in the case of a Call Option) or 
a long position (in the case of a Put Option) in the Underlying Futures Contract deliverable in the 


Option Contract Period,  at the Strike Price specified in such Option, in accordance with the 
Clearing Organization Rules; provided, however, that any such contract entered into upon 
assignment of an Exercise Notice shall be entered into for the account of the Person having 
granted the Option. 
Rule 18.04 Exercise of Options 
(a) All exercises of Options shall be made through the Clearing Organization, in accordance 
with these Rules and the Clearing Organization Rules. Options shall not be transferred, assigned 
or otherwise disposed of other than on the Exchange, subject to the Rules and the Clearing 
Organization Rules. 
      (b) The contract specifications for each Option contained in subchapter E of this Chapter 18 
specify the exercise method of the respective Option. For purposes of these Rules the permitted 
exercise methods are as follows: 
 
Automatic Only – shall mean that the Option is not subject to manual exercise or abandonment on 
any day, including the Last Trading Day; 
 
Manual; Automatic on Last Trading Day – shall mean that the Option is subject to manual 
exercise on any day and is subject to manual exercise and abandonment on the Last Trading Day; 
and 
 
Automatic – shall mean that the Option is subject to manual exercise or abandonment only on the 
Last Trading Day. 
 (c) For any Option that is subject to automatic exercise as set forth in the Rules for such 
Option, exercise will occur in accordance with such Rules and the Clearing Organization Rules 
(unless a Clearing Member is permitted under the Rules to elect that such automatic exercise will 
not occur and so elects under the Rules). For purposes of automatic exercise and abandonment of 
an Option, any Option at a Strike Price that is equal to the Settlement Price of the Underlying 
Futures Contract shall be treated as “out of the money”. 
(d) For any Option that is permitted to be manually exercised or abandoned as set forth in the 
Rules: 
 
 
(i)  any Clearing Member who has, or carries accounts for others that have, an open long 
position in such an Option on any Business Day that the Option is traded and is exercisable 
under the Rules (other than the Last Trading Day) may issue an Exercise Notice with respect 
to each open position not later than noon EPT on such Business Day; and 
 (ii) On the Last Trading Day, any Clearing Member which has, or carries accounts for 
others which have, an open long position in the expiring Option may issue an Exercise Notice 
with respect to each open position not later than 4:30 EPT unless otherwise specified in the 
terms and conditions for a particular Option in Subchapter 18E of this Chapter 18. 
(e) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if issuance of a final Settlement Price of the Underlying 
Futures Contract is delayed beyond the last Exercise Day of an Option, then long Option 
positions shall be exercisable (in accordance with the methods specified in the rules of each 
Option) using a price determined and published by the Exchange on the basis of market 
information known to the Exchange and deemed reliable. 
Amended by the Board October 4, 2016; effective October 20, 2016 [¶¶(d)(ii)]. 
 


Rule 18.05 Open Interest in Energy Contracts 
(a) Each Clearing Member shall report its open interest in Energy Contracts in accordance 
with Rule 2.22. 
(b) If the account of any Customer carried by a Clearing Member (other than on an omnibus 
basis) has a long and short position in the same Contract Period, the Clearing Member must 
determine, in accordance with applicable law, whether such positions should be reported on a net 
basis or a gross basis.  If the account of any Customer carried by a Clearing Member (other than 
on an omnibus basis) or if any proprietary account of a Clearing Member has a long and short 
position in the same Contract Period in Commodity Contracts which are identical except for the 
size of the unit of trading and which are identified by the Clearing Organization as fungible, the 
Clearing Member may cause the positions to be offset and report as open interest only the net 
position of such customer or proprietary account for the Commodity Contract in which a position 
remains. 
(c) If a Clearing Member discovers an error in any report made pursuant to this Rule 18.05, 
such Clearing Member shall as soon as practicable submit to the Clearing Organization and the 
Exchange a correction and a written statement as to how the error occurred. 
(d) Positions which have been reported on a net basis may not be re-opened other than by 
trading, unless authorized by the Exchange in writing. 
Amended by the Board September 10, 2014; effective October 2, 2014 [¶ (c)]. 
Amended by the Board September 30, 2015; effective October 27, 2015 [¶ (d)]. 
Amended by the Board February 26, 2019; effective March 11, 2019 [¶ (a)]. 
 
Rule 18.06 Physical Delivery - Environmental Contracts 
(a) Physical delivery of Allowances shall be made in accordance with the terms and 
conditions for each contract in Chapter 18.D of the Exchange Rules and, as applicable, Part N or 
N.1 of the ICE Clear Europe Delivery Procedures.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, delivery may 
also be made in accordance with Paragraphs (b) and (c) of this Rule.     
(b) For contracts delivered under part N of the ICE Clear Europe Delivery Procedures, the 
seller and the buyer may enter into a mutually acceptable written agreement to deliver and receive 
Allowances under conditions other than those stipulated in Part N of the ICE Clear Europe 
Delivery Procedures and the relevant Physical Environmental Contract terms in Chapter 18.D of 
the Exchange Rules, subject to paragraph 13 of the ICE Clear Europe Delivery Procedures.  In the 
event of such agreement, the seller and the buyer shall immediately notify the Exchange and the 
Clearing Organization.  Upon receipt of the notification, the Clearing Organization shall be 
relieved of any further obligations to the seller and buyer with respect to any Exchange contract 
involved.  The seller and the buyer shall indemnify the Exchange and the Clearing Organization 
against any liability, cost or expense either may incur for any reason as a result of the execution, 
delivery or performance of such contract or such agreement, or any breach thereof or default 
thereunder. 
(c) For contracts delivered under Part N.1 of the ICE Clear Europe Delivery Procedures, the 
seller and/or the buyer may enter into a mutually acceptable written agreement with the Clearing 
Organization to deliver and receive Allowances under conditions other than those stipulated in 
Part N.1 of the ICE Clear Europe Delivery Procedures and the relevant Physical Environmental 
Contract terms in Chapter 18.D, subject to paragraph 13 of the ICE Clear Europe Delivery 
Procedures.  In the event of such agreement, the seller or the buyer (as the case may be) shall 


immediately notify the Exchange.  The Clearing Organization shall be relieved of any further 
obligations to the seller or buyer (as the case may be) with respect to any Exchange contract 
involved (unless the Clearing Organization expressly maintains any obligations to the seller or 
buyer within the agreement).  The seller or buyer (as the case may be) shall indemnify the 
Exchange and the Clearing Organization against any liability, cost or expense either may incur 
for any reason as a result of the execution, delivery or performance of such contract or such 
agreement, or any breach thereof or default thereunder. 
(d) No contract shall be entered into with any stipulation or understanding between the parties 
at the time of making such contract that the terms of said contract as specified in Chapter 18 or 
18.D are not to be fulfilled, or that the underlying product is not to be delivered and received. 
(e) All deliveries of Allowances must conform to government regulations in force at the time 
of delivery. If any national or international governmental agency or body issues an order, ruling, 
directive or law that conflicts with the requirements of these Rules, such order, ruling, directive or 
law shall be construed to take precedence and become part of these Rules and all open and new 
contracts shall be subject to such order, ruling, directive or law.  
 
Adopted by the Board December 3, 2021; effective December 20, 2021. 
 


Resolution No. 1-Minimum Price Fluctuation Table 
The following minimum price fluctuations shall be applicable to Energy Contracts. 
 
 
 
 
 
Rule 
Number 
Product 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
Screen 
Blocks and other 
trades outside 
the central limit 
order book 
18.A.001 
AB NIT Basis Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.002 
Algonquin Citygates Basis Future  
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.003 
ANR SE (Louisiana) Basis Future   
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.004 
ANR SW (Oklahoma) Basis Future  
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.005 
Enable Gas Basis Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.006 
CG Mainline Basis Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.007 
CG Onshore Basis Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.008 
Chicago Basis Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.009 
CIG Rockies Basis Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.010 
Eastern Gas South Basis Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.011 
EP Permian Basis Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.012 
EP San Juan Basis Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.013 
Florida Gas Zone 3 Basis Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.014 
Henry Basis Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.015 
HSC Basis Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.016 
Malin Basis Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.017 
Michcon Basis Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.018 
NGPL Midcont Basis Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.019 
NGPL STX Basis Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.020 
NGPL TXOK Basis Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.021 
NNG Demarc Basis Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  


18.A.022 
NNG Ventura Basis Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.023 
NWP Rockies Basis Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.024 
NWP Sumas Basis Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.025 
ONEOK Gas Transportation Basis Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.026 
Panhandle Basis Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.027 
PG&E Citygate Basis Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.028 
Socal Border Basis Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.029 
Socal Citygate Basis Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.030 
Sonat Basis Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.031 
Southern Star TX OK KS Basis Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.032 
TCO Basis Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.033 
Tennessee 500L Basis Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.034 
Tennessee 800L Basis Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.035 
Tennessee Zone 0 Basis Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.036 
TETCO ELA Basis Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.037 
TETCO M3 Basis Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.038 
TETCO STX Basis Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.039 
TETCO WLA Basis Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.040 
TGT Zone 1 Basis Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.041 
TGT Zone SL (FT) Basis Future  
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.042 
Transco Station 30 (Zone 1) Basis Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.043 
Transco Station 45 (Zone 2) Basis Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.044 
Transco Zone 3 Basis Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.045 
Transco Station 85 (Zone 4) Basis Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.046 
Transco Zone 6 (non NY) Basis Future  
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.047 
Transco Zone 6 (NY) Basis Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  


18.A.048 
Trunkline LA Basis Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.049 
Union Dawn Basis Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.050 
Waha Basis Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.051 
AB NIT Index Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.052 
Algonquin Citygates Index Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.053 
ANR SE (Louisiana) Index Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.054 
ANR SW (Oklahoma) Index Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.055 
Enable Gas Index Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.056 
CG-Mainline Index Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.057 
Chicago Index Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.058 
CIG Rockies Index Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.059 
Eastern Gas South Index Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.060 
EP Permian Index Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.061 
EP San Juan Index Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.062 
Florida Gas Zone 3 Index Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.063 
Henry Index Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.064 
HSC Index Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.065 
Malin Index Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.066 
Michcon Index Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.067 
NGPL Midcont Index Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.068 
NGPL STX Index Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.069 
NGPL TXOK Index Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.070 
NNG Demarc Index Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.071 
NNG Ventura Index Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.072 
NWP Rockies Index Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.073 
NWP Sumas Index Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  


18.A.074 
ONEOK Gas Transporation Index Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.075 
Panhandle Index Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.076 
PG&E Citygate Index Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.077 
Socal Border Index Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.078 
Socal Citygate Index Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.079 
Sonat Index Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.080 
Southern Star TX OK KS Index Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.081 
TCO Index Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.082 
Tennessee 500L Index Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.083 
Tennessee Zone 0 Index Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.084 
TETCO ELA Index Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.085 
TETCO M3 Index Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.086 
TETCO STX Index Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.087 
TETCO WLA Index Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.088 
TGT Zone 1 Index Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.089 
Transco Station 45 (Zone 2) Index Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.090 
Transco Zone 3 Index Future  
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.091 
Transco Station 85 (Zone 4) Index Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.092 
Transco Zone 6 (non NY) Index Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.093 
Transco Zone 6 (NY) Index Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.094 
Waha Index Future 
$0.0005  
$0.0001  
18.A.095 
AB NIT Swing Future 
$0.0010  
$0.0001  
18.A.096 
Algonquin Citygates Swing Future 
$0.0010  
$0.0001  
18.A.097 
ANR SE (Louisiana) Swing Future 
$0.0010  
$0.0001  
18.A.098 
ANR SW (Oklahoma) Swing Future 
$0.0010  
$0.0001  
18.A.099 
Enable Gas Swing Future 
$0.0010  
$0.0001  


18.A.100 
CG-Mainline Swing  Future 
$0.0010  
$0.0001  
18.A.101 
Chicago Swing Future 
$0.0010  
$0.0001  
18.A.102 
CIG Rockies Swing Future 
$0.0010  
$0.0001  
18.A.103 
Eastern Gas South Swing Future 
$0.0010  
$0.0001  
18.A.104 
EP Permian Swing Future 
$0.0010  
$0.0001  
18.A.105 
EP San Juan Swing Future 
$0.0010  
$0.0001  
18.A.106 
Florida Gas Zone 3 Swing Future 
$0.0010  
$0.0001  
18.A.107 
Henry Swing Future 
$0.0010  
$0.0001  
18.A.108 
HSC Swing Future 
$0.0010  
$0.0001  
18.A.109 
Lebanon Swing Future 
$0.0010  
$0.0001  
18.A.110 
Malin Swing Future 
$0.0010  
$0.0001  
18.A.111 
Michcon Swing Future 
$0.0010  
$0.0001  
18.A.112 
NGPL Midcont Swing Future 
$0.0010  
$0.0001  
18.A.113 
NGPL STX Swing Future 
$0.0010  
$0.0001  
18.A.114 
NGPL TXOK Swing Future 
$0.0010  
$0.0001  
18.A.115 
NNG Demarc Swing Future 
$0.0010  
$0.0001  
18.A.116 
NNG Ventura Swing Future 
$0.0010  
$0.0001  
18.A.117 
NWP Rockies Swing Future 
$0.0010  
$0.0001  
18.A.118 
NWP Sumas Swing Future 
$0.0010  
$0.0001  
18.A.119 
ONEOK Gas Swing Future 
$0.0010  
$0.0001  
18.A.120 
Panhandle Swing Future 
$0.0010  
$0.0001  
18.A.121 
PG&E Citygate Swing Future 
$0.0010  
$0.0001  
18.A.122 
Socal Border Swing Future 
$0.0010  
$0.0001  
18.A.123 
Socal Citygate Swing Future 
$0.0010  
$0.0001  
18.A.124 
Sonat Swing Future 
$0.0010  
$0.0001  
18.A.125 
Southern Star TX OK KS Swing Future 
$0.0010  
$0.0001  


18.A.126 
TCO Swing Future 
$0.0010  
$0.0001  
18.A.127 
Tennessee-Zone 0 Swing p Future 
$0.0010  
$0.0001  
18.A.128 
TETCO M3 Swing Future 
$0.0010  
$0.0001  
18.A.129 
TETCO STX Swing Future 
$0.0010  
$0.0001  
18.A.130 
TGT Zone 1 Swing Future 
$0.0010  
$0.0001  
18.A.131 
Transco Zone 3 Swing Future 
$0.0010  
$0.0001  
18.A.132 
Transco Station 85 (Zone 4) Swing Future 
$0.0010  
$0.0001  
18.A.133 
Transco Zone 6 (non NY) Swing Future 
$0.0010  
$0.0001  
18.A.134 
Transco Zone 6 (NY) Swing Future 
$0.0010  
$0.0001  
18.A.135 
Waha Swing Swap Future 
$0.0010  
$0.0001  
18.A.136 
AB NIT NGX Same Day 5a Fixed Price Future  
C$0.0005 
C$0.0001 
18.A.137 
EP San Juan Fixed Price Future 
$0.0001  
$0.0001  
18.A.138 
Henry Calendar Year One Time Fixed Price Future 
$0.0010  
$0.0001  
18.A.139 
Henry LD1 Fixed Price Future 
$0.001  
$0.001  
18.A.140 
Henry LD1 Same Day Fixed Price Future 
$0.0010  
$0.0001  
18.A.141 
Henry LD4 Fixed Price Future 
$0.0010  
$0.0001  
18.A.142 
Henry Penultimate Fixed Price Future 
$0.0010  
$0.0001  
18.A.143 
Panhandle Fixed Price Future 
$0.0001  
$0.0001  
18.A.144 
Socal Fixed Price Future 
$0.0001  
$0.0001  
18.A.145 
Henry Penultimate 1-Month Calendar Spread Future 
$0.0010  
$0.0001  
18.A.146 
Henry Penultimate 3-Month Calendar Spread Future 
$0.0010 
$0.0001  
18.A.147 
Henry Penultimate 6-Month Calendar Spread Future 
$0.0010 
$0.0001  
18.A.148 
Iroquois (Into) Basis (Platts) Future 
$0.0005 
$0.0001 
18.A.149 
Iroquois-Z2 Basis (Platts) Future 
$0.0005 
$0.0001 
18.A.151 
Iroquois (Into) Swing (Platts) Future 
$0.0010 
$0.0001 
 


18.A.152 
Iroquois-Z2 Swing (Platts) Future 
$0.0010 
$0.0001 
18.A.154 
Iroquois (Into) Index (Platts) Future 
$0.0005 
$0.0001 
18.A.155 
Iroquois-Z2 Index (Platts) Futures 
$0.0005 
$0.0001 
18.A.156 
US EIA Financial Weekly Index 
1 BCF 
1 BCF 
18.A.157 
EIA End of Draw Index 
1 BCF 
1 BCF 
18.A.158 
EIA End of Storage Index 
1 BCF 
1 BCF 
18.A.159 
TETCO M2 Basis Futures (Receipts) 
$0.0005 
$0.0001 
18.A.160 
Tennessee Zone 6 200L Basis Future 
$0.0005 
$0.0001 
18.A.161 
18.A.162 
18.A.163 
18.A.164 
18.A.165 
18.A.166 
18.A.167 
18.A.168 
18.A.169 
18.A.170 
18.A.171 
Transco Leidy Basis Future 
Transco Leidy Swing Future 
Transco Leidy Index Future 
Tennessee Zone 4 300L Basis Future 
Tennessee Zone 4 300L Swing Future 
Tennessee Zone 4 300L Index Future 
Transco Zone 5 Basis Future 
Transco Zone 5 Swing Future 
Transco Zone 5 Index Future 
TETCO M2 Swing Future (Receipts) 
TETCO M2 Index Future (receipts) 
$0.0005 
$0.0010 
$0.0005 
$0.0005 
$0.0010 
$0.0005 
$0.0005 
$0.0010 
$0.0005 
$0.0010 
$0.0005 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
18.A.174 
REX Zone 3 Basis Future 
$0.0005 
$0.0001 
18.A.175 
REX Zone 3 Index Future 
$0.0005 
$0.0001 
18.A.176 
REX Zone 3 Swing Future 
$0.0010 
$0.0001 
18.A.177 
Henry Penultimate 4-Month Calendar Spread Future 
$0.0010 
$0.0001 
18.A.178 
Henry Penultimate 5-Month Calendar Spread Future 
$0.0010 
$0.0001 
18.A.179 
Katy Basis Future 
$0.0005 
$0.0001 
18.A.180 
Katy Index Future 
$0.0005 
$0.0001 


18.A.181 
Katy Swing Future 
$0.0010 
$0.0001 
18.A.182 
Tennessee 800L Index Future 
$0.0005 
$0.0001 
18.A.183 
Tennessee 800L Swing Future 
$0.0010 
$0.0001 
18.A.184 
AB NIT (7a/5a) Index Future 
$0.0005 
$0.0001 
18.A.185 
AB NIT 5a Swing Future (US/MM) 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
18.A.186 
UK NBP Natural Gas Last Day Financial Futures 
(USD/MMBtu) 
$0.001 
$0.001 
18.A.187 
Chicago Fixed Price Future 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
18.A.188 
Eastern Gas South Fixed Price Future 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
18.A.189 
Dutch TTF Natural Gas Last Day Financial Futures 
(USD/MMBTU) 
$0.001 
$0.001 
18.A.190 
Trunkline Zone 1A Basis Future 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
18.A.191 
Tennessee 500L Swing Future 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
18.A.192 
NWP Rockies Fixed Price Future 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
18.A.193 
Waha Fixed Price Future 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
18.A.194 
EP Permian Fixed Price Future 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
18.A.195 
HSC Fixed Price Future 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
18.A.196 
Michcon Fixed Price Future 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
18.A.197 
TETCO M3 Fixed Price Future 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
18.A.198 
AB NIT Fixed Price Future 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
18.A.199 
US EIA Financial Weekly Index (100 USD) 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
18.A.200 
Algonquin Citygates Fixed Price Future 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
18.A.201 
CIG Rockies Fixed Price Future  
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
18A.202 
CG_Mainline Fixed Price Future 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
18.A.203 
Malin Fixed Price Future 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
18.A.204 
NNG Ventura Fixed Price Future 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
18.A.205 
NGPL Midcont Fixed Price Future 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 


18.A.206 
NGPL TXOK Fixed Price Future 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
18.A.207  
PG&E Citygate Fixed Price Future 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
18.A.208 
REX Zone 3 Fixed Price Future 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
18.A.209 
TCO Fixed Price Future 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
18.A.210 
Transco Leidy Fixed Price Future 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
18.A.211 
Transco Zone 6 (non NY) Fixed Price Future 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
18.A.212 
Millennium East Pool Basis Future 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
18.A.213 
Millennium East Pool Swing Future 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
18.A.214 
Millennium East Pool Index Future 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
18.A.215 
Pine Prairie Index Future 
$0.0005 
$0.0001 
18.A.216 
Pine Prairie Swing Future 
$0.001 
$0.001 
18.A.217 
Socal Citygate Fixed Price Future 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
18.A.219 
Tennessee Zone 1 Swing Future 
$0.001 
$0.001 
18.A.220 
TETCO-ELA Swing Future 
$0.001 
$0.001 
18.A.221 
TETCO-WLA Index Future 
$0.0005 
$0.0001 
18.A.222 
TETCO-WLA Swing Future 
$0.001 
$0.001 
18.A.225 
Transco Station 30 (Zone 1) Index Future 
$0.0005 
$0.0001 
18.A.226 
Transco Station 30 (Zone 1) Swing Future 
$0.001 
$0.001 
18.A.227 
Trunkline Zone 1A Index Future 
$0.0005 
$0.0001 
18.A.228 
Trunkline Zone 1A Swing Future 
$0.001 
$0.001 
18.A.229 
Union Dawn Index Future 
$0.0005 
$0.0001 
18.A.230 
Union Dawn Swing Future 
$0.001 
$0.001 
18.A.231 
CG Onshore Index Future 
$0.0005 
$0.0001 
18.A.232 
CG Onshore Swing Future 
$0.001 
$0.001 
18.A.233 
Pine Prairie Basis Future 
$0.0005 
$0.0001 
18.A.234 
Cheyenne Hub Swing Future 
$0.001 
$0.001 


18.A.235 
Consumers Swing Future 
$0.001 
$0.001 
18.A.236 
EP West Texas Basis Future 
$0.0005 
$0.0001 
18.A.237 
EP West Texas Index Future 
$.0005 
$0.0001 
18.A.238 
EP West Texas Swing Futue 
$0.001 
$0.001 
18.A.239 
Kern Delivered Swing Future 
$0.001 
$0.001 
18.A.240 
Tennessee Zone 4 200L Basis Future 
$0.0005 
$0.0001 
18.A.241 
Tennessee Zone 4 200L Index Future 
$0.0005 
$0.0001 
18.A.242 
Tennessee Zone 4 200L Swing Future 
$0.001 
$0.001 
18.A.243 
Tennessee Zone 6 200L North Basis Future 
$0.0005 
$0.0001 
18.A.244 
Tennessee Zone 6 200L North Index Future 
$0.0005 
$0.0001 
18.A.245 
Tennessee Zone 6 200L North Basis Future 
$0.001 
$0.001 
18.A.246 
Tennessee Zone 6, 200L South Basis Future 
$0.0005 
$0.0001 
18.A.247 
Tennessee Zone 6 200L South Index Future 
$0.0005 
$0.0001 
18.A.248 
Tennessee Zone 6 200L South Swing Future 
$0.001 
$0.001 
18.A.249 
HSC/KATY Index Future 
$0.0005 
$0.0001 
18.A.250 
Transco Zone 5 South Index Future 
$0.0005 
$0.0001 
18.A.251 
Transco Zone 5 South Basis Future 
$0.0005 
$0.0001 
18.A.252 
Transco Zone 5 South Swing Future 
$0.001 
$0.001 
18.A.253 
Enbridge Station 2 Swing Future 
$0.001 
$0.001 
18.A.254 
Enbridge Station 2 Index Future 
$0.0005 
$0.0001 
18.A.255 
Enbridge Station 2 Basis Future 
$0.0005 
$0.0001 
18.A.256 
Transco Station 65 Swing Future 
$0.001 
$0.001 
18.A.257 
Transco Station 65 Index Future 
$0.0005 
$0.0001 
18.A.258 
Transco Station 65 Basis Future 
$0.0005 
$0.0001 
18.D.013 
CAIR ANNUAL NOx Future 
$0.10 
$0.10 
18.D.014 
CAIR OZONE SEASON Nox Future 
$0.10 
$0.10 


18.D.015 
New Jersey Solar Renewable Energy Certificate 
Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.D.016 
Texas Compliance Renewable Energy Certificate 
Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.D.022 
California Carbon Allowance Future Vintage 2019 
and After  
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.D.024 
California Carbon Allowance Specific Vintage 
Future - Vintages 2020-2027 Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.D.047 
PJM Tri Qualified Renewable Energy Certificate 
Class 1 2 Year Prior Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.D.048 
California Carbon Allowance Current Auction 
Clearing Price 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.D.049 
California Carbon Allowance Advance Auction 
Clearing Price 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.D.050 
Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative Allowance 
Auction Clearing Price 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.D.051 
California Carbon Offset Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.D.052 
Maryland Compliance Renewable Energy Credit tier 
1 Prior Year Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.D.055 
Pennsylvania Compliance Alternative Energy Credit 
Tier 1 Prior Year Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.D.059 
M-RETS Registered Renewable Energy Certificate 
from CRS Listed™ Wind Energy Facilities Back 
Half Specific Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.D.060 
M-RETS Registered Renewable Energy Certificate 
from CRS Listed™ Wind Energy Facilities Front 
Half Specific Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.D.061 
NAR Registered Renewable Energy Certificate from 
CRS Listed™ Wind Energy Facilities Back Half 
Specific Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.D.062 
NAR Registered Renewable Energy Certificate from 
CRS Listed™ Wind Energy Facilities Front Half 
Specific Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 


18.D.063 
Texas Compliance Solar Renewable Energy 
Certificate from CRS Listed™ Facilities Back Half 
Specific Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.D.064 
Texas Compliance Solar Renewable Energy 
Certificate from CRS Listed™ Facilities Front Half 
Specific Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.D.065 
Pennsylvania Compliance Alternative Energy Credit 
Tier II Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.D.066 
New Jersey Compliance Renewable Energy 
Certificate Class II Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.D.067 
Washington Carbon Allowance Vintage 2023 Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.D.068 
Washington Carbon Allowance Future Vintage 2024 
and After 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.D.069 
Washington Carbon Allowance Current Auction 
Clearing Price 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.D.070 
Washington Carbon Allowance Specific Vintage 
2026-2027 Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.E.001 
Option on EP San Juan Fixed Price Future 
$0.0001  
$0.0001  
18.E.002 
Option on Henry LD1 Same Day Fixed Price Future 
$0.0001  
$0.0001  
18.E.003 
Option on Henry LD4 Fixed Price Future 
$0.0001  
$0.0001  
18.E.004 
Option on Henry Penultimate Fixed Price Future 
$0.0010 
$0.0001  
18.E.005 
Option on Henry Swing Future 
$0.0001  
$0.0001  
18.E.006 
Option on Panhandle Fixed Price Future 
$0.0001  
$0.0001  
18.E.007 
Option on Socal Fixed Price Future 
$0.0001  
$0.0001  
18.E.008 
Calendar Spread Option on Henry Penultimate 1-
Month Calendar Spread Future 
$0.0010  
$0.0010  
18.E.009 
Calendar Spread Option on Henry Penultimate 3-
Month Calendar Spread Future 
$0.0010  
$0.0010 
18.E.010 
Calendar Spread Option on Henry Penultimate 6-
Month Calendar Spread Future 
$0.0010  
$0.0010  
18.E.011 
Calendar Year One Time Option on Henry Calendar 
$0.0010  
$0.0010 


Year One Time Fixed Price Future 
18.B.001 
CAISO NP-15 Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.002 
CAISO SP-15 Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price  Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.003 
CAISO SP-15 Day-Ahead Peak Mini Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.203 
ERCOT Daily Load Future 
1MW 
1MW 
18.B.004 
ERCOT Houston 345KV Real-Time Peak Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.005 
ERCOT Houston Load Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.006 
ERCOT Houston Load Zone Real-Time Peak Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.007 
ERCOT North 345KV Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.008 
ERCOT North 345KV Real-Time Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.009 
ERCOT North Load Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.010 
ERCOT North Load Zone Real-Time Peak Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.011 
ERCOT South 345KV Real-Time Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.012 
ERCOT South Load Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.013 
ERCOT South Load Zone Real-Time Peak Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.014 
ERCOT West 345KV Real-Time Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.015 
ERCOT West Load Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.016 
ERCOT West Load Zone Real-Time Peak Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  


18.B.017 
ISO New England Connecticut Day-Ahead Peak 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.018 
ISO New England Maine Day-Ahead Peak Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.020 
ISO New England Massachusetts Hub Day-Ahead 
Peak Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.021 
ISO New England Massachusetts Hub Day-Ahead 
Peak Mini Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.022 
ISO New England NE Massachusetts Day-Ahead 
Peak Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.023 
ISO New England New Hampshire Day-Ahead Peak 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.024 
ISO New England SE Massachusetts Day-Ahead 
Peak Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.025 
ISO New England West Central Massachusetts Day-
Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.026 
Mid-Columbia Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.027 
Mid-Columbia Day-Ahead Peak Mini Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.028 
MISO Illinois Hub Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.029 
MISO Indiana Hub Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.030 
MISO Indiana Hub Real-Time Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.031 
MISO Indiana Hub Real-Time Peak Mini Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.032 
NYISO Zone A Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.033 
NYISO Zone C Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.034 
NYISO Zone F Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.035 
NYISO Zone G Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  


18.B.036 
NYISO Zone J Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.037 
Palo Verde Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.038 
PJM AECO Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.039 
PJM AEP Dayton Hub Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.040 
PJM AEP Dayton Hub Real-Time Peak Calendar 
Year One Time Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.041 
PJM AEP Dayton Hub Real-Time Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.042 
PJM APS Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.043 
PJM BGE Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.044 
PJM ComEd Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.202 
PJM Daily Load Future 
1MW 
1MW 
18.B.045 
PJM DPL Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.046 
PJM Duquesne Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.047 
PJM Eastern Hub Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.048 
PJM JCPL Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.049 
PJM METED Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.050 
PJM NI Hub Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.051 
PJM NI Hub Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.052 
PJM PECO Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.053 
PJM PENELEC Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  


18.B.054 
PJM PEPCO Zone Day-Ahead Peak Month Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.055 
PJM PPL Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.056 
PJM PSEG Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.057 
PJM Western Hub Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.059 
PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak (800 MWh) 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.060 
PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak (1 MW) Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.061 
PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak Planning Year 
One Time Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.062 
CAISO NP-15 Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.063 
CAISO SP-15 Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.064 
ERCOT Houston 345KV Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.065 
ERCOT Houston 345KV Real-Time Off-Peak Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.066 
ERCOT Houston Load Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.067 
ERCOT Houston Load Zone Real-Time Off-Peak 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.068 
ERCOT North 345KV Real-Time Off-Peak Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.069 
ERCOT North Load Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.070 
ERCOT North Load Zone Real-Time Off-Peak 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.071 
ERCOT South 345KV Real-Time Off-Peak Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  


18.B.072 
ERCOT South Load Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.073 
ERCOT South Load Zone Real-Time Off-Peak 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.074 
ERCOT West 345KV Real-Time Off-Peak Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.075 
ERCOT West Load Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.076 
ERCOT West Load Zone Real-Time Off-Peak Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.077 
ISO New England Connecticut Day-Ahead Off-Peak 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.078 
ISO New England Maine Day-Ahead Off-Peak 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.079 
ISO New England Massachusetts Hub Day-Ahead 
Off-Peak Calendar Year One Time Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.080 
ISO New England Massachusetts Hub Day-Ahead 
Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.081 
ISO New England Massachusetts Hub Day-Ahead 
Off-Peak Mini Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.082 
ISO New England NE Massachusetts Day-Ahead 
Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.083 
ISO New England New Hampshire Day-Ahead Off-
Peak Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.084 
ISO New England SE Massachusetts Day-Ahead 
Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.085 
ISO New England West Central Massachusetts Day-
Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.086 
Mid-Columbia Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.087 
MISO Illinois Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  


18.B.088 
MISO Indiana Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.089 
MISO Indiana Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.090 
 
18.B.192 
NYISO Zone A Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
NYISO Zone A Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
 
$0.01 
$0.01  
 
$0.01 
18.B.193 
NYISO Zone A Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.B.091 
NYISO Zone C Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.198 
NYISO Zone C Day-2head LBMP Peak Daily Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.B.199 
NYISO Zone C Day-Ahead LBMP Off-Peak Daily 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.B.092 
NYISO Zone F Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.200 
NYISO Zone F Day-Ahead LBMP Peak Daily Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.B.201 
NYISO Zone F Day-Ahead LBMP Off-Peak Daily 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.B.093 
NYISO Zone G Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.194 
NYISO Zone G Day-Ahead Peak Mini Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.B.195 
NYISO Zone G Day-Ahead Off-Peak Mini Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
 
18.B.094 
 
NYISO Zone J Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
 
 
$0.05  
 
$0.01  
18.B.196 
NYISO Zone J Day-Ahead Peak Mini Fixed Price 
Future 
 
$0.01 
$0.01 
 
 
 
 


18.B.197 
NYISO Zone J Day-Ahead Off Peak Mini Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
 
 
 
 
18.B.095 
Palo Verde Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.096 
PJM AECO Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.097 
PJM AEP Dayton Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.098 
PJM AEP Dayton Hub Real-Time Off-Peak 
Calendar Year One Time Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.099 
PJM AEP Dayton Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.100 
PJM APS Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.101 
PJM BGE Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.102 
PJM ComEd Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.103 
PJM DPL Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.104 
PJM Duquesne Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.105 
PJM Eastern Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.106 
PJM JCPL Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.107 
PJM METED Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.108 
PJM NI Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.109 
PJM NI Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
 
 
 
 


18.B.110 
PJM PECO Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.111 
PJM PENELEC Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.112 
PJM PEPCO Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.113 
PJM PPL Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.114 
PJM PSEG Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.115 
PJM Western Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.117 
PJM Western Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.118 
PJM Western Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Mini Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.119 
CAISO NP-15 Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.120 
CAISO NP-15 Real-Time Peak Daily Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.121 
CAISO Palo Verde Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.122 
CAISO SP-15 Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.123 
CAISO SP-15 Real-Time Peak Daily Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.124 
ERCOT Houston 345KV Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.125 
ERCOT Houston 345KV Real-Time Peak Daily 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
 
 
 
 
18.B.126 
ERCOT Houston Load Zone Day-Ahead Peak Daily 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  


18.B.127 
ERCOT North 345KV Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.128 
ERCOT North 345KV Hub Real-Time Peak Daily 
Look Back Fixed Price Future  
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.129 
ERCOT North 345KV Real-Time Peak Daily Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.130 
ERCOT North Load Zone Day-Ahead Peak Daily 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.131 
ERCOT South 345KV Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.132 
ERCOT South 345KV Real-Time Peak Daily Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.133 
ERCOT South Load Zone Day-Ahead Peak Daily 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.134 
ERCOT West 345KV Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.135 
ERCOT West 345KV Real-Time Peak Daily Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.136 
ERCOT West Load Zone Day-Ahead Peak Daily 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.137 
ISO New England Massachusetts Hub Day-Ahead 
Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.138 
Mid-Columbia Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.139 
MISO Indiana Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.140 
MISO Indiana Hub Real-Time Peak Daily Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.141 
MISO Indiana Hub Real-Time Peak Daily Look 
Back Fixed Price Future  
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.142 
NYISO Zone A Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.143 
NYISO Zone G Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price 
$0.05  
$0.01  


Future 
18.B.144 
NYISO Zone J Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.145 
Palo Verde Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.146 
PJM AEP Dayton Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.147 
PJM AEP Dayton Hub Real-Time Peak Daily Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.148 
PJM AEP Dayton Hub Real-Time Peak Daily Look 
Back Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.149 
PJM Eastern Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.150 
PJM JCPL Zone Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.151 
PJM NI Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.152 
PJM NI Hub Real-Time Peak Daily Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.153 
PJM PEPCO Zone Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.154 
PJM PSEG Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.155 
PJM Western Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.156 
PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak Daily Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.157 
PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak Daily Look Back 
Fixed Price Future  
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.158 
CAISO NP-15 Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.159 
CAISO NP-15 Real-Time Off-Peak Daily Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  


18.B.160 
CAISO SP-15 Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.161 
CAISO SP-15 Real-Time Off-Peak Daily Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.162 
ERCOT Houston 345KV Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak 
Daily Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.163 
ERCOT Houston 345KV Real-Time Off-Peak Daily 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.164 
ERCOT Houston Load Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak 
Daily Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.165 
ERCOT North 345KV Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak 
Daily Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.166 
ERCOT North 345KV Real-Time Off-Peak Daily 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.167 
ERCOT North Load Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak 
Daily Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.168 
ERCOT South 345KV Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak 
Daily Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.169 
ERCOT South 345KV Real-Time Off-Peak Daily 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.170 
ERCOT South Load Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak 
Daily Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.171 
ERCOT West 345KV Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak 
Daily Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.172 
ERCOT West 345KV Real-Time Off-Peak Daily 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.173 
ERCOT West Load Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak 
Daily Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.174 
ISO New England Massachusetts Hub Day-Ahead 
Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.175 
Mid-Columbia Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.176 
MISO Indiana Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily 
$0.05  
$0.01  


Fixed Price Future 
18.B.177 
MISO Indiana Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Daily Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.178 
NYISO Zone A Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.179 
NYISO Zone G Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.180 
NYISO Zone J Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.181 
Palo Verde Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.182 
PJM AEP Dayton Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.183 
PJM AEP Dayton Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Daily 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.184 
PJM Eastern Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.185 
PJM JCPL Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.186 
PJM NI Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.187 
PJM NI Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.188 
PJM PEPCO Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.189 
PJM PSEG Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
 
 
 
 
18.B.190 
PJM Western Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.191 
PJM Western Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Daily Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.B.204 
CAISO SP-15 Day-Ahead Off-Peak Mini Fixed 
$0.05 
$0.01 


Price Future 
18.B.205 
ERCOT Capacity Responsive Reserve Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.206 
Mid-Columbia Day-Ahead Off-Peak Mini Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.207 
MISO Arkansas Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.208 
MISO Arkansas Hub Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.209 
MISO Indiana Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Mini Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.210 
MISO Louisiana Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.211 
MISO Louisiana Hub Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.212 
MISO Michigan Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.213 
MISO Michigan Hub Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.214 
MISO Minnesota Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.215 
MISO Minnesota Hub Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.216 
MISO Texas Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.217 
MISO Texas Hub Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.218 
MISO Texas Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.219 
MISO Texas Hub Real-Time Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.220 
PJM AEP Dayton Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Mini 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 


18.B.221 
PJM AEP Dayton Hub Real-Time Peak Mini Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.222 
PJM ATSI Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.223 
PJM ATSI Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.224 
PJM DEOK Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.225 
PJM DEOK Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.226 
PJM NI Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Mini Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.227 
PJM NI Hub Real-Time Peak Mini Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.228 
SPP North Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.229 
SPP North Hub Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.230 
SPP South Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.231 
SPP South Hub Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.232 
ISO New England Massachusetts Hub Real-Time 
Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.233 
MISO Arkansas Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.234 
MISO Arkansas Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.235 
MISO Louisiana Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily 
Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.236 
MISO Louisiana Hub Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price 
Daily Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.237 
PJM ATSI Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.238 
PJM ATSI Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 


18.B.239 
SPP South Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.240 
18.B.241 
18.B.242 
18.B.243 
18.B.244 
 
18.B.245 
18.B.246 
18.B.247   
18.B.248   
18.B.249 
18.B.250 
18.B.251 
18.B.252 
18.B.253 
18.B.254 
18.B.255 
SPP South Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price 
Future 
PJM AEP Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
PJM AEP Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
PJM FE Ohio Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
PJM FE Ohio Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
PJM AEP Zone Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price 
Future 
PJM AEP Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed 
Price Future 
PJM FE Ohio Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price 
Future 
PJM FE Ohio Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed 
Price Future 
MISO Texas Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed 
Price Future 
MISO Texas Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed 
Price Future 
SPP North Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price 
Future 
SPP North Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed 
Price Future 
SPP South Hub Real-Time Peak Daily Fixed Price 
Future 
SPP South Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Daily Fixed 
Price Future 
CAISO NP-15 Fifteen Minute Marker Peak Daily 
Fixed Price Future 
CAISO NP-15 Fifteen Minute Marker Off-Peak 
$0.05 
$0.05 
$0.05 
$0.05 
$0.05 
 
$0.05 
$0.05 
$0.05 
$0.05 
$0.05 
$0.05 
$0.05 
$0.05 
$0.05 
$0.05 
$0.05 
$0.01 
$0.01 
$0.01 
$0.01 
$0.01 
 
$0.01 
$0.01 
$0.01 
$0.01 
$0.01 
$0.01 
$0.01 
$0.01 
$0.01 
$0.01 
$0.01 


18.B.256 
18.B.257 
18.B.258 
18.B.259 
18.B.260 
18.B.261 
18.B.262 
18.B.263 
18.B.264 
18.B.265 
18.B.266 
18.B.267 
18.B.268 
18.B.269 
 
 
Daily Fixed Price Future 
CAISO SP-15 Fifteen Minute Marker Peak Daily 
Fixed Price Future 
CAISO SP-15 Fifteen Minute Marker Off-Peak 
Daily Fixed Price Future 
ERCOT Non-Spinning Reserve Future 
ERCOT Regulation DOWN Future 
ERCOT Regulation UP Future 
NYISO Zone G Real-Time Peak Daily Fixed Price 
Future 
NYISO Zone G Real-Time Off-Peak Daily Fixed 
Price Future 
NYISO Zone A Real-Time Peak Daily Fixed Price 
Future 
NYISO Zone A Real-Time Off-Peak Daily Fixed 
Price Future 
NYISO Zone D Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price 
Future 
NYISO Zone D Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed 
Price Future 
NYISO Zone D Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
NYISO Zone D Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price 
Future  
$0.05 
$0.05 
$0.05 
$0.05 
$0.05 
$0.05 
$0.05 
$0.05 
$0.05 
$0.05 
$0.05 
$0.05 
$0.05 
$0.05 
$0.01 
$0.01 
$0.01 
$0.01 
$0.01 
$0.01 
$0.01 
$0.01 
$0.01 
$0.01 
$0.01 
$0.01 
$0.01 
        $0.01 
 
18.B.270 
ISO New England Rhode Island Day-Ahead Peak 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.271 
ISO New England Rhode Island Day-Ahead Off-
Peak Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.272 
MISO AMIL.BGS6 Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 


18.B.273 
MISO AMIL.BGS6 Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Off-
Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.274 
NYISO NYC In-city Capacity Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.275 
NYISO Rest of Sate Capacity Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.276 
PJM AECO Zone Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.277 
PJM AECO Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.278 
PJM BGE Zone Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.279 
PJM BGE Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.280 
PJM ComEd Zone Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.281 
PJM ComEd Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.282 
PJM Deck Zone Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.283 
PJM Deck Zone Day-Ahead Peak Off-Peak Daily 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.284 
PJM METED Zone Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.285 
PJM METED Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.286 
PJM PECO Zone Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.287 
PJM PECO Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.288 
PJM PPL Zone Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.289 
PJM PPL Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed 
Price Future 
PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak 50 MW Fixed 
$0.05 
$0.01 


18.B.290 
Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.291 
CAISO NP-15 Day-Ahead Off-Peak Mini Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.292 
CAISO NP-15 Day-Ahead Peak Mini Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.293 
Palo Verde Day-Ahead Peak Mini Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.294 
Palo Verde Day-Ahead Off-Peak Mini Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.295 
ERCOT West 345KV Real-Time Peak Mini Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.296 
ERCOT North 345KV Real-Time Peak Mini Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.297 
ERCOT South 345KV Real-Time Peak Mini Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.298 
ERCOT Houston 345KV Real-Time Mini Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.299 
ERCOT North 345KV Day-Ahead Peak Daily 80 
MWh Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.300 
PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak Calendar Year 
One Time Mini Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.301 
NYISO Lower Hudson Valley Capacity Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.302 
SPP North Hub Real-Time Peak Daily Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.303 
18.B.304 
SPP North Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Daily Fixed 
Price Future 
CAISO Malin Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05 
$0.05 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.B.305 
PJM DOM Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.306 
PJM DOM Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 


18.B.307 
ERCOT Houston 345KV Day-Ahead Peak Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.308 
ERCOT Houston 345KV Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.309 
ERCOT South 345KV Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.310 
ERCOT South 345KV Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.311 
ERCOT West 345KV Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.312 
ERCOT West 345KV Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.313 
NYISO Zone K Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.314 
NYISO Zone K Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.315 
NYISO Zone K Day-Ahead LBMP Peak Daily Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.316 
NYISO Zone K Day-Ahead LBMP Off-Peak Daily 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.317 
NYISO Zone B Day-Ahead-Peak Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.318 
NYISO Zone B Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.319 
NYISO Zone E Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.320 
NYISO Zone E Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.321 
NYISO Zone I Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.322 
NYISO Zone I Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.323 
PJM DAY Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.324 
PJM DAY Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.325 
PJM SOUTHIMP Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price 
$0.05 
$0.01 


Future 
18.B.326 
PJM SOUTHIMP Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.327 
PJM PENN Power Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.328 
PJM PENN Power Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.329 
PJM PEPCO MD Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.330 
PJM PEPCO MD Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.331 
MISO Minnesota Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.332 
MISO Minnesota Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.333 
MISO Michigan Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.334 
MISO Michigan Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.335 
MISO AMIL.BGS6 Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B336 
MISO AMIL.BGS6 Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed 
Price Fulture 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.337 
CAISO NP-15 Day-Ahead Peak Daily HE 0900-
1600 Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.338 
CAISO SP-15 Day-Ahead Peak Daily HE 0900-1600 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.339 
Weekly PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak Average 
Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.340 
CAISO NP-15 Day-Ahead Peak HE 0900-1600 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.341 
CAISO SP-15 Day-Ahead Peak HE 0900-1600 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 


18.B.344 
PJM Western Hub Real-Time 2x16 Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.B.345 
ERCOT North 345KV Hub Real-Time 2x16 Peak 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.B.346 
PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak Daily Mini Fixed 
Priced Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.347 
ERCOT North 345KV Hub Real-Time Peak Daily 
Mini Fixed Price Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
 
 
 
 
18.B.348 
ISO New England Massachusetts Hub Day-Ahead 
Peak Daily Mini Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.349 
PJM COMED RESID AGG Day-Ahead Peak Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.350 
PJM COMED RESID AGG Day-Ahead Off Pek 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.351 
CASIO SP-15 Day-Ahead HE 0900-1600 Fixed 
Price Future, 7X 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.352 
CASIO NP-15 Day-Ahead He 0900-1600 Fixed 
Price Future, 7X 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.353 
ERCOT Panhandle 345KV Day-Ahead Peak Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.354 
ERCOT Panhandle 345 KV Day-Ahead Off-Peak 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.355 
PJM BGE Zone Real-Time Peak Daily Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.356 
PJM BGE Zone Real-Time Off-Peak Daily Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.357 
PJM PPL Zone Real-Time Peak Daily Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.358 
PJM PPL Zone Real-Time Off-Peak Daily Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.359 
ERCOT Panhandle 345 KV Real-Time Peak Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 


18.B.360 
ERCOT Panhandle 345 KV Real-Time Off-Peak 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.368 
PJM AEP Dayton Hub Day-Ahead Peak Energy + 
Congestion Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.369 
PJM AEP Dayton Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Energy 
+ Congestion Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.370 
PJM NI Hub Day-Ahead Peak Energy + Congestion 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.371 
PJM NI Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Energy + 
Congestion Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.372 
PJM Western Hub Day-Ahead Peak Energy + 
Congestion Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.373 
PJM Western Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Energy + 
Congestion Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.374 
PJM PPL Zone Day-Ahead Peak Energy + 
Congestion Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.375 
PJM PPL Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Energy + 
Congestion Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.376 
PJM PEPCO Zone Day-Ahead Peak Energy + 
Congestion Fixed Price Future  
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.377 
PJM PEPCO Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Energy + 
Congestion Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.378 
PJM PSEG Day-Ahead Peak Energy + Congestion 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.379 
PJM PSEG Day-Ahead Off-Peak Energy + 
Congestion Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.380 
NYISO Zone G Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.381 
NYISO Zone G Real-Time Off-Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.382 
 
ISO New England Massachusetts Hub Real-Time 
Peak Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.383 
ISO New England Massachusetts Hub Real-Time 
$0.05 
$0.01 


Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
18.B.384 
ISO New England Massachusetts Hub Real-Time 
Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.385 
ISO New England Massachusetts Hub Day-Ahead 
Peak 2x16 Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.386 
NYISO Zone G Day-Ahead Peak Daily Mini Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.387 
NYISO Zone A Day-Ahead Peak Daily Mini Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.388 
ERCOT North 345KV Hub Real-Time Off-Peak 
Daily Mini Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.389 
CAISO NP-15 Day-Ahead HE 0700-0800, 1700-
2200 Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
 
18.B.390 
CAISO NP-15 Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Mini 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
 
18.B.391 
CAISO NP-15 Day-Ahead Peak Daily Mini Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
 
18.B.392 
CAISO SP-15 Day-Ahead HE 0700-0800, 1700-
2200 Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
 
18.B.393 
CAISO SP-15 Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Mini 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
 
18.B.394 
CAISO SP-15 Day-Ahead Peak Daily Mini Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
 
18.B.395 
ERCOT Houston 345KV Hub Real-Time Peak 2x16 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
 
18.B.396 
ERCOT Houston 345KV Hub Real-Time Peak 7x16 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
 
18.B.397 
ERCOT North 345KV Hub Real-Time Peak 7x16 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
 
18.B.398 
ERCOT North 345KV Hub Real-Time Peak Daily 
HE 1000-1700 Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
 
18.B.399 
ERCOT North 345KV Hub Real-Time Peak HE 
1000-1700 Fixed Price Future, 7X 
$0.05 
$0.01 
 


18.B.400 
ERCOT South 345KV Hub Real-Time Peak 2x16 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
 
18.B.401 
ERCOT South 345KV Hub Real-Time Peak 7x16 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
 
18.B.402 
ERCOT West 345KV Hub Real-Time Peak 2x16 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
 
18.B.403 
ERCOT West 345KV Hub Real-Time Peak 7x16 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
 
18.B.404 
Mead 230 Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
 
18.B.405 
Mead 230 Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
 
18.B.406 
Mid-Columbia Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Mini 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
 
18.B.407 
Mid-Columbia Day-Ahead Peak Daily Mini Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
 
18.B.408 
Palo Verde Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Mini 
Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
 
18.B.409 
Palo Verde Day-Ahead Peak Daily Mini Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
 
18.B.410 
PJM Western Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Mini 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
 
18.B.411 
PJM Western Hub Day-Ahead Peak HE 1000-1700 
Fixed Price Future, 7X 
$0.05 
$0.01 
 
18.B.412 
PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak HE 1000-1700 
Fixed Price Future, 7X 
$0.05 
$0.01 
 
18.B.413 
ERCOT North 345 KV Real-Time HE 1800-2200 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.414 
ERCOT South 345 KV Real-Time HE 1800-2200 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.B.415 
ERCOT West 345 KV Real-Time HE 1800-2200 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
8.B.416 
ERCOT Houston 345 KV Real-Time HE 1800-2200 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 


18.B.417 
ERCOT Contingency Reserve Service Future 
$0.05 
$0.05 
18.E.017 
Option on CAISO SP-15 Day-Ahead Peak Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.E.018 
Option on CAISO SP-15 Day-Ahead Peak Mini 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.05  
18.E.019 
Option on ERCOT North 345KV Real-Time Peak 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.E.020 
Option on ISO New England Massachusetts Hub 
Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.E.021 
Option on Mid-Columbia Day-Ahead Peak Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01 
18.E.022 
Option on Mid-Columbia Day-Ahead Peak Mini 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.05  
18.E.023 
Option on MISO Indiana Hub Real-Time Peak Mini 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.05  
18.E.024 
Option on MISO Indiana Hub Real-Time Peak Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.E.025 
Option on PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak (800 
MWh) Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01 
18.E.026 
Option on PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak (1 
MW) Fixed Price Future 
 
$0.05  
$0.01 
18.E.027 
Option on PJM Western Hub Real-Time Off-Peak 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.E.028 
Option on CAISO SP-15 Day-Ahead Peak Daily 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.E.029 
Option on ERCOT North 345KV Hub Real-Time 
Peak Daily Look Back Fixed Price Future  
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.E.030 
Option on ISO New England Massachusetts Hub 
Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01 
18.E.031 
Option on Mid-Columbia Day-Ahead Peak Daily 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.E.032 
Option on MISO Indiana Hub Real-Time Peak Daily 
Look Back Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  


18.E.033 
Option on PJM AEP Dayton Hub Real-Time Peak 
Daily Look Back Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01 
18.E.034 
Option on PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak Daily 
Look Back Fixed Price Future  
$0.05  
$0.01 
18.E.035 
Calendar One Time Option on ISO New England 
Massachusetts Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Calendar 
Year One Time Fixed Price Future 
$0.01  
$0.01  
 
 
 
 
18.E.039 
Planning Year One Time Option on PJM Western 
Hub Real-Time Peak Planning Year One Time Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.01  
$0.01  
18.E.049 
Option on PJM AEP Dayton Hub Real-Time Peak 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.E.050 
Option on PJM AEP Dayton Hub Real-Time Off-
Peak Fixed Price Future 
$0.05  
$0.01  
18.E.051 
Calendar One Time Option on PJM AEP Dayton 
Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Calendar Year One Time 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.01  
$0.01  
18.E.052 
Calendar One Time Option on PJM AEP Dayton 
Hub Real-Time Peak Calendar Year One Time Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.01  
$0.01  
18.D.001 
California Carbon Allowance Futures – Vintages 
2013 – 2015  
$0.01  
$0.01  
18.D.001 
California Carbon Allowance Future – Vintages 
2017 – 2018  
$0.01 
$0.01 
 
 
 
 
18.D.005 
Cross State Air Pollution Rule TR NOx Annual 
Allowance Futures 
$1.00  
$1.00  
18.D.007 
Cross State Air Pollution Rule TR SO2 Group 1 
Allowance Futures 
$0.010 
$0.010 
18.D.008 
Cross State Air Pollution Rule TR SO2 Group 2 
Allowance Futures 
$0.010 
$0.010 
18.D.011 
Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative Futures – 
$0.01  
$0.01  


Vintages 2018 – 2025 
 
 
 
 
18.D.022 
California Carbon Allowance Future - Vintage 2020-
2027 
$0.01 
$0.01 
 
 
 
 
18.D.024 
California Carbon Allowance Vintage Specific 
Future - Vintages 2020-2027 Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.D.025 
Pennsylvania Solar Alternative Energy Certificate 
Future - Vintages 2016-2023 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.D.028 
Cross State Air Pollution Rule TR NOx Ozone 
Season Allowance Futures - Vintage 2019 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.D.032 
Massachusetts Solar Renewable Energy Certificate 
Carve Out I Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.D.033 
Massachusetts Solar Renewable Energy Certificate 
Carve Out II Future  
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.D.034 
New Jersey Compliance Renewable Energy 
Certificate Class I Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.D.035 
Maryland Compliance Renewable Energy Credit 
Tier 1 Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.D.036 
Pennsylvania Compliance Alternative Energy Credit 
Tier I Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.D.037 
Maryland Solar Renewable Energy Credit Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.D.038 
Pennsylvania Solar Alternative Energy Credit Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.D.039 
Connecticut Compliance Renewable Energy 
Certificate Class I Future  
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.D.040 
Massachusetts Compliance Renewable Energy 
Certificate Class I Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.D.041 
NEPOOL Dual Qualified Compliance Renewable 
Energy Certificate Class I Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.D.042 
New Jersey Solar Renewable Energy Certificate 
Prior Year Future  
$0.01 
$0.01 


18.D.043 
New Jersey Solar Renewable Energy Certificate 
Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.D.044 
PJM Tri Qualified Renewable Energy Certificate 
Class I Prior Year Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.D.045 
PJM Tri Qualified Renewable Energy Certificate 
Class I Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.D.046 
California Low Carbon Fuels Standard Credit (OPIS) 
Future 
$0.25 
$0.25 
18.E.040 
Option on California Carbon Allowance Futures 
$0.001 
$0.001 
18.E.041 
Option on Carbon Financial Instrument, United 
States, Futures 
$0.01  
$0.01  
18.E.042 
Option on Climate Action Reserve Futures 
$0.01  
$0.01  
18.E.043 
Option On Cross State Air Pollution Rule TR NOx 
Annual Allowance Futures 
$0.01  
$0.01  
18.E.044 
Option on Cross State Air Pollution Rule TR NOx 
Ozone Season Allowance Futures 
$0.01  
$0.01  
18.E.045 
Option on Cross State Air Pollution Rule TR SO2 
Group 1 Allowance Futures 
$0.010 
$0.10  
18.E.046 
Option on Cross State Air Pollution Rule TR SO2 
Group 2 Allowance Futures1 
$0.010  
$0.10  
18.E.047 
Option on Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative 
Futures - Vintages 2020-2023 
$0.01  
$0.01  
18.E.048 
Option on Sulfur Financial Instrument Futures 
$0.01  
$0.01  
18.E.053 
Option on New Jersey Solar Renewable Energy 
Certificate Vintage Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.E.057 
Option on Texas Compliance Renewable Energy 
Certificate Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.E.059 
18.E.060 
PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak (800 MWh) 
Fixed Price Future  
Option on Cross State Air Pollution TR NOx Ozone 
Season Allowance Future - Vintage 2015-2016 
Option on Cross State Air Pollution TR SO2 Group 1 
$0.01 
$0.01 
$0.01 
$0.01 


18.E.061 
18.E.061 
 
18.E.062 
 
18.E.062 
Allowance Future - Vintage 2015 
Option on Cross State Air Pollution TR SO2 Group 1 
Allowance Future - Vintage 2016 
Option on Cross State Air Pollution TR SO2 Group 2 
Allowance Future - Vintage 2015 
 
Option on Cross State Air Pollution TR SO2 Group 2 
Allowance Future - Vintage 2016 
$0.10 
$0.01 
 
$0.10 
 
$0.01 
$0.10 
$0.01 
 
$0.10 
 
$0.01 
18.E.063 
Option on Henry Penultimate Fixed Price Future 
25K 
$0.0010 
$0.0001 
18.E.064 
Option on PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak 
50 MW Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.E.065 
Option on ERCOT North 345KV Day-Ahead Peak 
Daily 80 MWh Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.E.066 
Option on PJM Western Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.E.067 
Option on California Carbon Allowance Future -  
Vintage 2019-2023 
$0.001 
$0.001 
18.E.068 
Calendar Spread Option on Henry Penultimate 4-
Month Calendar Spread Future 
$0.0010 
$0.0010 
18.E.069 
Calendar Spread Option on Henry Penultimate 5-
Month Calendar Spread Future 
$0.0010 
$0.0010 
18.E.070 
Calendar One Time Option on PJM Western Hub 
Real-Time Peak Calendar Year One Time Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.E.071 
Option on PJM Western Hub Real-Time Off-Peak 
Daily Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.E.072 
Option on California Carbon Allowance Vintage 
Specific Future - Vintages 2020-2023 
$0.001 
$0.001 
18.E.073 
Option on PJM Tri-Qualified Renewable Energy 
Certificate Class 1 Vintage Future  
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.E.074 
Option on Ontario Carbon Allowance Future- 
C$0.001 
C$0.01 


Vintage 2017-2021 
18.E.075 
Option on NYISO Zone A Day-Ahead Peak Daily 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.E.076 
Option on NYISO Zone G Day-Ahead Peak Daily 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.E.077 
Option on NYISO Zone A Day-Ahead Peak Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.E.078 
Option on NYISO Zone G Day-Ahead Peak Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.E.079 
Option on PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak 
Calendar Year One Time Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.E.080 
Option on CAISO NP-15 Day-Ahead Peak Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.E.081 
Option on CAISO NP-15 Day-Ahead Peak Daily 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.E.082 
Option on CAISO SP-15 Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.E.083 
Option on Mid-Columbia Day-Ahead Off-Peak 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.E.084 
Option on Palo Verde Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.E.088 
Option on PJM Tri Qualified Renewable Energy 
Certificates Class I Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.E.089 
One Year Mid-Curve Option on PJM Tri Qualified 
Renewable Energy Certificates Class I Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
 
 
 
 
18.E.091 
Average Price Option on PJM Western Hub Day-
Ahead Peak (1 MW) Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.E.092 
Average Price Option on PJM Western Hub Real-
Time Peak (1 MW) Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.E.093 
Weekly Average Price Option on PJM Western Hub 
Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 


18.E.095 
Option on Chicago Fixed Price Future 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
18.E.096 
Option on Eastern Gas South Fixed Price Future 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
18.E.097 
Option on California Low Carbon Fuels Standard 
Credit (OPIS) Future 
$0.25 
$0.25 
18.E.098 
Option on PJM PEPCO Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.E.099 
Option on PJM PECO Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.E.100 
Option on PJM BGE Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed 
Price Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.E.101 
Option on ERCOT North 345KV Day-Ahead Peak 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.E.102 
Option on Massachusetts Solar Renewable 
Certificate Future Vintages 2018-2023 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.E.103 
Option on Massachusetts Solar Renewable Energy 
Certificate Carve Out II Future Vintages 2018-2023 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.E.104 
Option on NWP Rockies Fixed Price Future 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
18.E.105 
Option on Waha Fixed Price Future 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
18.E.106 
Option on EP Permian Fixed Price Future 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
18.E.107 
Option on HSC Fixed Price Future 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
18.E.108 
Option on Michcon Fixed Price Future 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
18.E.109 
Option on TETCO M3 Fixed Price Future 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
18.E.110 
Option on AB NIT Fixed Price Future 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
18.E.111 
Option on PJM PSEG Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price 
Future 
0.01 
0.01 
18.E.112 
Option on PJM PSEG Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed 
Price Future 
0.01 
0.01 
18.E.113 
Option on PJM PPL Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed 
Price Future 
0.01 
0.01 
18.E.114 
Option on PJM Western Hub Real-Time Off-Peak 
Calendar Year One time Mini Fixed Price Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 


18.E.115 
Option on Algonquin Citigates Fixed Price  
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
18.E.116 
Option on CG-Mainline Fixed Price Future 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
18.E.117 
Option on CIG Rockies Fixed Price Future 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
18.E.118 
Option on Malin Fixed Price Future 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
18.E.119 
Option on NGPL Midcont Fixed Price Future 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
18.E.120 
Option on NGPL TXOK Fixed Price Future 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
18.E.121 
Option on NNG Ventura Fixed Price Future 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
18.E.122 
Option on PG&E Citygate Fixed Price Future 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
18.E.123 
Option on REX Zone 3 Fixed Price Future 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
18.E.124 
Option on TCO Fixed Price Future 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
18.E.125 
Option on Transco Leidy Fixed Price Future 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
18.E.126 
Option on Transco Zone 6 (non NY) Fixed Price 
Future 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
18.E.127 
Option on NEPOOL Dual Qualified Compliance 
Renewable Energy Certificate Class 1 Future  
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.E.128 
Reserved 
  
  
18.E.129 
Option on MISO Indiana Hub Day-Ahead Peak 
Daily Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.E.130 
Option on PJM AEP Dayton Hub Day-Ahead Peak 
Daily Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.E.131 
Option on PJM NI Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily 
Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
18.E.132 
Option on Socal Citygate Fixed Price Future 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
18.E.133 
Option on Connecticut Compliance Renewable 
Energy Certificate Class 1 Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.E.134 
Option on Maryland Compliance Renewable Energy 
Credit Tier 1 Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.E.135 
Opton on Maryland Solar Renewable Energy Credit 
Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 


18.E.136 
Option on Massachusetts Compliance Renewable 
Energy Certificate Class 1 Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.E.137 
Option on Massachusetts Solar Renewable Energy 
Certificate Carve Out 1 Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.E.138 
Option on Massachusetts Solar Renewable Energy 
Certificate Carve Out ll Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.E.139 
Option on New Jersey Compliance Renewable 
Energy Certificate Class 1 Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.E.140 
Option on Pennsylvania Compliance Alternative 
Energy Credit Tier 1 Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.E.141 
Option on Pennsylvania Solar Alternative Energy 
Credit Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.E.142 
Option on PJM Ni Hub Real-Time Peak Fixed Price 
 
Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
 
18.E.143 
Option on PJM NI Hub Real-Time Off Peak Fixed Price  
 
 
Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
 
18.E.144 
Option on PJM AEP Dayton Hub Real-Time Peak  
 
 
Calendar Year One Time fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
 
18.E.145 
Option on PJM NI Hub Real-Time Peak Calendar Year 
 
Zone Time Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
 
 
18.E.146 
Option on ISO New England Massachusetts Hub Day- 
 
 
Ahead Peak Calendar Year One Time Fixed Price Future 
$0.05 
$0.01 
 
18E.147  
Henry Cal 1X Fixed Price Option 
$0.0001 
$0.0001 
 
18.E.148 
Option on California Carbon Allowance Future  
$0.01 
$0.01 
 
Vintages 2020-2025 (Futures Style Margining) 
 
18.E.149 
Option on NYISO Zone J Day-Ahead Peak Fixed  
 
 
Price Future 
$0.01 
$0.01 
 
18.E.150 
 
 
18.E.151 
 
Option on NYISO Zone J Day-Ahead Peak Daily 
Fixed Price Future 
 
Option on ERCOT North 345KV Hub Real-
 
 
$0.01 
 
 
 
 
$0.01 
 
 


 
 
 
18.E.152 
 
 
 
18.E.153 
 
 
 
18.E.154 
 
Time Peak Calendar Year One Time Fixed Price 
Future 
Option on ERCOT North 345KV Hub Real-
Time Peak Daily Mini Fixed Price Future 
 
Option on ISO New England Massachusetts Hub Day-
Ahead Peak Daily Mini Fixed Price Future 
 
 
Option on PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak Daily 
Mini Fixed Price Future 
 
$0.05 
 
$0.05 
 
 
 
$0.05 
 
 
 
$0.05 
 
$0.01 
 
$0.01 
 
 
 
$0.01 
 
 
 
$0.01 
 
 
 
 
18.E.155 
Option on Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative Future 
Vintage 2022-2024 (Futures Style Margining) 
$0.01 
$0.01 
 
 
 
 
18.E.156 
Option on PJM Tri Qualified Renewable Energy 
Certificate Class I Future (Futures Style Margining) 
$0.01 
$0.01 
 
 
 
 
18.E.157 
One Year Mid-Curve Option on PJM Tri Qualified 
Renewable Energy Certificate Class I Future (Futures 
Style Margining) 
 
$0.01 
$0.01 
18.E.158 
Two Year Mid-Curve Option on PJM Tri Qualified 
Renewable Energy Certificate Class I Future (Futures 
Style Margining) 
$0.01 
$0.01 
 
 
 
 
 
18.E.159 
 
 
18.E.160 
 
Option on California Low Carbon Fuel Standard 
Credit (OPIS) Future 
 
Option on Washington Carbon Allowance Vintage 
2024 Future  
 
 
 
$0.01 
 
 
$0.001 
 
$0.01 
 
 
$0.001 
18.F.001 
Gulf Coast LNG (Platts) Future 
$0.001 
$0.001 
 
18.F.002 
 
JKM LNG (Platts) Future 
 
$0.001 
 
$0.001 
 
Resolution 1 was amended December 20, 2012. 
Resolution 1 was amended April 29, 2013 with the addition of Iroquois Futures contracts and listing of RIN 
D4, RIN D5 and RIN D6 Future Vintage 2012 and 2013.    


Resolution 1 was amended May 20, 2013 with the addition of CAIR Annual NOx Futures, CAIR Ozone 
Season Futures, New Jersey Solar Renewable Energy Certificate Futures and Texas Compliance 
Renewable Energy Certificate Futures. 
Resolution 1 was amended November 18, 2013 with the addition of 12 new Electric Power Futures and 
Options Contracts NYISO Futures and Options Contracts (NYISO Futures and Options Contracts) and 22 
new Environmental Futures and Option Contracts. 
 
Resolution 1 was amended May 12, 2014 with the addition of 28 new Financial Power Futures Contracts 
and 4 Environmental Futures Contracts. 
 
Resolution 1 was amended May 21, 2014 to change the Minimum Price Fluctuation for Blocks and other 
trades outside the central limit order book for the Option on Henry Penultimate Fixed Price Future 
contract from .0010 to .0001.   
 
Resolution 1 was amended February 16, 2015 with the addition of 14 new Financial Power, six Financial 
Natural Gas and 10 Physical Environmental Futures Contracts.   
 
Resolution 1 was amended March 30, 2015 with the addition of five new Financial Natural Gas Futures 
Contracts, 13 new Financial Power Futures Contracts, and four new Physical Environmental Options 
Contracts. 
 
Resolution 1 was amended June 1, 2015 with the addition of two new Financial Power Futures Contracts. 
Resolution 1 was amended December 14, 2015 with the addition of ten new Physical Environmental Futures 
Contracts and seven new Physical Environmental Options Contracts; and 30 new Financial Power Futures 
Contracts and three new Financial Power Options Contracts. 
Resolution 1 was amended February 29, 2016 with the addition of five new Financial Natural Gas Futures 
and two new Financial Natural Gas Options Contracts; and three new Physical Environmental Futures and 
one new Physical Environmental Options Contracts. 
 
Resolution No. 1 was amended June 6, 2016 with the addition of four new Financial Power Futures and two 
new Financial Power Options Contracts; and five new Environmental Futures and one new Environmental 
Options Contracts.  
Resolution No. 1 was amended August 22, 2016 with the addition of five new Financial Natural Gas; one 
new Financial Power Futures Contracts; one new Physical Environmental Option Contract. 
Resolution No. 1 was amended January 30, 2017 with the addition of nine new Environmental Futures 
Contracts and one new Environmental Options Contract; and eight new Financial Power Futures 
Contracts. 
Resolution No. 1 was amended March 13, 2017 with the addition of four new Financial Power Options 
Contract; and seven new Environmental Futures Contracts 
Resolution No. 1 was amended May 4, 2017 with the addition of Subchapter F - LNG Futures Contracts. 
Resolution No. 1 was amended June 12, 2017 with the additions of two new Financial Gas Futures 
Contracts; nineteen new Financial Power Futures and Option Contracts and nine new Physical 
Environmental Futures and Options Contracts. 
Resolution No. 1 was amended September 18, 2017; with the addition of fourteen new environmental 
futures contract and six new environmental options contracts; and eight new financial power futures and 
options contracts. 
Resolution No. 1 was amended January 3, 2018; with the addition of a new LNG Futures Contract. 


Resolution No. 1 was amended January 22, 2018; with the addition of one new financial natural gas futures 
contract; ten new environmental futures contracts and eight new environmental option contracts. 
Resolution No. 1 was amended May 21, 2018, with the addition of three new Financial Natural Gas Futures 
Contracts; two new Option Contracts; and three new Physical Environment Futures and Option Contracts.  
Resolution No. 1 was amended September 17, 2018, with the addition of ten new Financial Natural Gas 
Futures Contracts; two new Financial Power contracts; and sixteen new Energy Option Contracts. 
Resolution No. 1 was amended January 28, 2019 with the addition of twenty seven Financial Natural Gas 
Futures and Option Contracts, three Financial Power Future and Option Contracts, and eight Physical  
Environmental Futures and Option Contracts 
Resolution No. 1 was amended January 31, 2019 with the addition of  seventeen Financial Natural Gas 
Futures and Option Contacts, five  new Financial Power Future and Option Contracts; and twelve Physical 
Environmental Futures and Option Contracts. 
Resolution No. 1 was amended July 29, 2019 with the addition of fifteen Financial Natural Gas Futures 
Contracts, three new Financial Power Futures Contracts; fifteen new Physical Environmental Futures and 
Option Contracts. 
Resolution No. was amended September 16, 2019 with the addition of ten new Financial Power Futures 
Contracts and five new Physical Environmental Futures Contracts. 
Resolution No. 1 was amended December 7, 2020 with the addition of five  new Option Contracts. 
Resolution No. 1 was amended September 27, 2021 with the addition of two new Physical Environmental 
Futures Contract. 
Resolution No. 1 was amended November 15, 2021 with the addition of twelve new Power Futures 
Contracts, one new Physical Environmental Futures Contract and eight new Option Contracts. 
Resolution No. 1 was amended December 13, 2021 with the addition of six new Power Futures Contracts.   
Resolution No. 1 was amended January 18, 2022 with the addition of three new Power Futures Contracts, 
six new Physical Environmental Futures Contracts and one new Option Contract. 
Resolution No. 1 was amended March 28, 2022 with the addition of four new National Gas Futures 
Contracts, twenty-four new Power Futures Contracts and three new Option Contracts. 
Resolution No. 1 was amended October 10, 2022 with the addition of four new financial power, four new 
physical environmental futures Contracts and five new option contracts. 
Resolution No. 1 was amended June 5, 2023 with the addition of three new Physical Environmental Futures 
Contracts. 
Resolution No. 1 was amended September 8, 2023 with the addition of new option contract. 
Resolution No. 1 was amended November 2, 2023 with the addition of six new National Gas Futures 
Contracts, one Power Futures Contracts, one new Physical Environmental Futures Contract and one new 
energy option contract.  
Resolution No. 1 was amended December 11, 2023 with the addition of six new National Gas Futures 
Contracts, one Power Futures Contracts, one new Physical Environmental Futures Contract and one new 
energy option contract.   
 
 
 


Resolution No. 2 – Position Limit/Accountability Table 
The position limit/accountability levels and reportable levels applicable to Energy Contracts shall be found here: 
https://www.theice.com/publicdocs/otc/advisory_notices/IFUS_Energy_Position_Limit_Accountability_and_Reportable_Levels.xlsx 
 
1 Conditional Limit.  A Person may own or control in the Henry Hub LD1 Natural Gas contract a spot month position up to five times the spot month 
position limit for the last three days before expiration, provided that the Person submits a completed Conditional Limit Request Form and agrees: 
a. 
not to hold a position in the spot month CME/NYMEX Natural Gas Futures contract during the last three days of trading; 
b. 
to provide the Exchange with information on the complete book of all positions related to the Henry Hub; and 
c. 
to provide the Exchange with any other related information or documentation requested by the Exchange  
2 Denotes a spot month accountability level. 
Resolution No. 2 was amended January 14, 2013. (Energy Position Limits). 
Resolution No. 2 was amended February 3, 2014 (Addition of 18.B.156). 
Resolution No. 2 was amended February 17, 2014 (changes in position limits - ERCOT Houston 345KV Real-Time Off Peak Daily Fixed Price Futures. 
Resolution No. 2 was amended April 25, 2014 with changes in contract size for financial power futures and option contracts. 
Resolution No. 2 was amended May 12, 2014 with the addition of 28 new Financial Power Futures Contracts and 4 Environmental Futures Contracts. 
Resolution No. 2 was amended June 9, 2014 with the addition of four new Emissions Options Vintages. 
Resolution No. 2 was amended September 22, 2014 with the addition of four new Financial Natural Gas Futures contracts and nine new Financial Power 
Futures Contracts. 
Resolution No. 2 was amended September 24, 2014 with changes to position limit size for certain Financial Natural Gas and Environmental Futures and 
Options Contracts. 
Resolution No. 2 was amended February 16, 2015 with the addition of 14 new Financial Power, six Financial Natural Gas and 10 Physical Environmental 
Futures Contracts. 


Resolution No. 2 was amended March 30, 2015 with the addition of five new Financial Natural Gas Futures Contracts, 13 new Financial Power Futures 
Contracts, 11 new Physical Environmental Futures Contracts and four new Physical Environmental Options Contracts. 
Resolution No. 2 was amended June 1, 2015 with the addition of two new Financial Power Futures Contracts.   
Resolution No. 2 was amended September 28, 2015 with the addition of two new Financial Natural Gas Futures Contracts and one new Financial Natural Gas 
Options Contract. 
Resolution No. 2 was amended December 14, 2015 with the addition of ten new Physical Environmental Futures and seven new Physical Environmental 
Options Contracts; and 30 new Financial Power Futures Contracts and three new Financial Power Options Contracts. 
Resolution 2 was amended February 29, 2016 with the addition of five new Financial Natural Gas Futures and two new Financial Natural Gas Options 
Contracts; and three new Physical Environmental Futures and one new Physical Environmental Options Contracts. 
 
Resolution No. 2 was amended June 6, 2016 with the addition of four new Financial Power Futures and two new Financial Power Options Contracts; and five 
new Environmental Futures and one new Environmental Options Contracts.  
Resolution No. 2 was amended August 22, 2016 with the addition of five new Financial Natural Gas; one new Financial Power Futures Contracts; one new 
Physical Environmental Option Contract. 
Resolution No. 2 was amended October 18, 2016 with amendments to the spot month position limits and the single and all month accountability levels for 
certain Environmental futures and options contracts. 
Resolution No. 2 was amended January 30, 2017 with the addition of nine new Environmental Futures Contracts and one new Environmental Options 
Contract; and eight new Financial Power Futures Contracts. 
 
Resolution No. 2 was amended March 13, 2017 with the addition of four new Financial Power Options Contract; and seven new Environmental Futures 
Contracts. 
 
Resolution No. 2 was amended May 4, 2017 with the addition of Subchapter F - LNG Futures Contracts. 
Resolution No. 2 was amended June 12, 2017 with the additions of two new Financial Gas Futures Contracts; nineteen new Financial Power Futures and 
Option Contracts and nine new Physical Environmental Futures and Options Contracts. 
Resolution No. 2 was amended September 18, 2017; with the addition of fourteen new environmental futures contract and six new environmental options 
contracts; and eight new financial power futures and eight new options contracts. 
Resolution No. 2 was amended October 5, 2017; with the addition of one new financial power futures contract. 


Resolution No. 2 was amended January 22, 2018; with the addition of one new financial natural gas futures contract; ten new environmental futures contracts 
and eight new environmental option contracts. 
Resolution No. 2 was amended May 21, 2018, with the addition of three new Financial Natural Gas Futures Contracts; two new Option Contracts; and three 
new Physical Environment Futures and Option Contracts.  
Resolution No. 2 was amended September 17, 2018, with the addition of ten new Financial Natural Gas Futures Contracts; two new Financial Power 
contracts; and sixteen new Energy Option Contracts. 
 
Resolution No. 2 was amended October 23, 2018 with amendments to increase the spot month position limits and the single and all month accountability levels 
for three financial gas futures contracts.   
Resolution No. 2 was amended January 28, 2019, with the addition of twenty seven Financial Natural Gas Futures and Option Contracts; three Financial 
Power Future and Option Contracts; and eight Physical Environmental Futures and Option Contracts 
Resolution No. 2 was amended January 31, 2019 with the addition of seventeen Financial Natural Gas Futures and Option Contacts, five new Financial Power 
Future and Option Contracts; and twelve Physical Environmental Futures and Option Contracts. 
Resolution No. 2 was amended July 29, 2019 with the addition of fifteen Financial Natural Gas Futures Contracts, three new Financial Power Futures 
Contracts; fifteen new Physical Environmental Futures and Option Contracts. 
Resolution No. 2 was amended September 16, 2019 with the addition of ten new Financial Power Futures Contracts and five new Physical Environmental 
Futures Contracts. 
Resolution No. 2 was amended December 7, 2020 with the addition of five new Option Contracts. 
Resolution No. 2 was amended September 27, 2021 with the addition of two new Physical Environmental Futures Contract. 
Resolution No. 2 was amended November 15, 2021 with the addition of twelve new Power Futures Contracts, one new Physical Environmental Futures 
Contract and eight new Option Contracts. 
Resolution No.2 was amended December 13, 2021 with the addition of six new Power Futures Contracts.   
Resolution No. 2 was amended January 18, 2022 with the addition of three new Power Futures Contracts, six new Physical Environmental Futures Contracts 
and one new Option Contract. 
Resolution No. 2 was amended March 28, 2022 with the addition of four new National Gas Futures Contracts, twenty-four new Power Futures Contracts and 
three new Option Contracts. 


Resolution No. 2 was amended October 10, 2022 with the addition of four new financial power, four new physical environmental futures Contracts and five 
new option contracts. 
Resolution No. 2 was amended June 5, 2023 with the addition of three new Physical Environmental Futures Contracts.   
Resolution No. 2 was amended September 25, 2023 with the addition of one new option contract. 
Resolution No. 2 was amended December 11, 2023 with the addition of six new National Gas Futures Contracts, one Power Futures Contracts, one new 
Physical Environmental Futures Contract and one new energy option contract.  
 
 
 


18A-1 
 
Subchapter 18A – Natural Gas 
Futures Contracts 
Rule 
Subject 
18.A.000 
SWING FUTURES MID-DAY ROLL TIMES  
18.A.001 
AB NIT BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.002 
ALGONQUIN CITYGATES BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.003 
ANR SE (LOUISIANA) BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.004 
ANR SW (OKLAHOMA) BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.005 
ENABLE GAS BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.006 
CG MAINLINE BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.007 
CG ONSHORE BASIS P FUTURE 
18.A.008 
CHICAGO BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.009 
CIG ROCKIES BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.010 
EASTERN GAS SOUTH BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.011 
EP PERMIAN BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.012 
EP SAN JUAN BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.013 
FLORIDA GAS ZONE 3 BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.014 
HENRY BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.015 
HSC BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.016 
MALIN BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.017 
MICHCON BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.018 
NGPL MIDCONT BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.019 
NGPL STX BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.020 
NGPL TXOK BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.021 
NNG DEMARC BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.022 
NNG VENTURA BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.023 
NWP ROCKIES BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.024 
NWP SUMAS BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.025 
ONEOK GAS TRANSPORTATION BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.026 
PANHANDLE BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.027 
PG&E CITYGATE BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.028 
SOCAL BORDER BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.029 
SOCAL CITYGATE BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.030 
SONAT BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.031 
SOUTHERN STAR TX OK KS BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.032 
TCO BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.033 
TENNESSEE 500L BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.034 
TENNESSEE 800L BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.035 
TENNESSEE ZONE 0 BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.036 
TETCO ELA BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.037 
TETCO M3 BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.038 
TETCO STX BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.039 
TETCO WLA BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.040 
TGT ZONE 1 BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.041 
TGT ZONE SL (FT) BASIS FUTURE 


18A-2 
 
18.A.042 
TRANSCO STATION 30 (ZONE 1) BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.043 
TRANSCO STATION 45 (ZONE 2) BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.044 
TRANSCO ZONE 3 BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.045 
TRANSCO STATION 85 (ZONE 4) BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.046 
TRANSCO ZONE 6 (NON NY) BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.047 
TRANSCO ZONE 6 (NY) BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.048 
TRUNKLINE LA BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.049 
UNION DAWN BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.050 
WAHA BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.051 
AB NIT INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.052 
ALGONQUIN CITYGATES INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.053 
ANR SE (LOUISIANA) INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.054 
ANR SW (OKLAHOMA) INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.055 
ENABLE GAS INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.056 
CG-MAINLINE INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.057 
CHICAGO INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.058 
CIG ROCKIES INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.059 
EASTERN GAS SOUTH INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.060 
EP PERMIAN INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.061 
EP SAN JUAN INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.062 
FLORIDA GAS ZONE 3 INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.063 
HENRY INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.064 
HSC INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.065 
MALIN INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.066 
MICHCON INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.067 
NGPL MIDCONT INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.068 
NGPL STX INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.069 
NGPL TXOK INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.070 
NNG DEMARC INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.071 
NNG VENTURA INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.072 
NWP ROCKIES INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.073 
NWP SUMAS INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.074 
ONEOK GAS TRANSPORATION INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.075 
PANHANDLE INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.076 
PG&E CITYGATE INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.077 
SOCAL BORDER INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.078 
SOCAL CITYGATE INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.079 
SONAT INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.080 
SOUTHERN STAR TX OK KS INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.081 
TCO INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.082 
TENNESSEE 500L INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.083 
TENNESSEE ZONE 0 INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.084 
TETCO ELA INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.085 
TETCO M3 INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.086 
TETCO STX INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.087 
TETCO WLA INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.088 
TGT ZONE 1 INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.089 
TRANSCO STATION 45 (ZONE 2) INDEX FUTURE 


18A-3 
 
18.A.090 
TRANSCO ZONE 3 INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.091 
TRANSCO STATION 85 (ZONE 4) INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.092 
TRANSCO ZONE 6 (NON NY) INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.093 
TRANSCO ZONE 6 (NY) INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.094 
WAHA INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.095 
AB NIT SWING FUTURE 
18.A.096 
ALGONQUIN CITYGATES SWING FUTURE 
18.A.097 
ANR SE (LOUISIANA) SWING FUTURE 
18.A.098 
ANR SW (OKLAHOMA) SWING FUTURE 
18.A.099 
ENABLE GAS SWING FUTURE 
18.A.100 
CG-MAINLINE SWING FUTURE 
18.A.101 
CHICAGO SWING FUTURE 
18.A.102 
CIG ROCKIES SWING FUTURE 
18.A.103 
EASTERN GAS SOUTH SWING FUTURE 
18.A.104 
EP PERMIAN SWING FUTURE 
18.A.105 
EP SAN JUAN SWING FUTURE 
18.A.106 
FLORIDA GAS ZONE 3 SWING FUTURE 
18.A.107 
HENRY SWING FUTURE 
18.A.108 
HSC SWING FUTURE 
18.A.109 
LEBANON SWING FUTURE 
18.A.110 
MALIN SWING FUTURE 
18.A.111 
MICHCON SWING FUTURE 
18.A.112 
NGPL MIDCONT SWING FUTURE 
18.A.113 
NGPL STX SWING FUTURE 
18.A.114 
NGPL TXOK SWING FUTURE 
18.A.115 
NNG DEMARC SWING FUTURE 
18.A.116 
NNG VENTURA SWING FUTURE 
18.A.117 
NWP ROCKIES SWING FUTURE 
18.A.118 
NWP SUMAS SWING FUTURE 
18.A.119 
ONEOK GAS SWING FUTURE 
18.A.120 
PANHANDLE SWING FUTURE 
18.A.121 
PG&E CITYGATE SWING FUTURE 
18.A.122 
SOCAL BORDER SWING FUTURE 
18.A.123 
SOCAL CITYGATE SWING FUTURE 
18.A.124 
SONAT SWING FUTURE 
18.A.125 
SOUTHERN STAR TX OK KS SWING FUTURE 
18.A.126 
TCO SWING FUTURE 
18.A.127 
TENNESSEE-ZONE 0 SWING FUTURE 
18.A.128 
TETCO M3 SWING FUTURE 
18.A.129 
TETCO STX SWING FUTURE 
18.A.130 
TGT ZONE 1 SWING FUTURE 
18.A.131 
TRANSCO ZONE 3 SWING FUTURE 
18.A.132 
TRANSCO STATION 85 (ZONE 4) SWING FUTURE 
18.A.133 
TRANSCO ZONE 6 (NON NY) SWING FUTURE 
18.A.134 
TRANSCO ZONE 6 (NY) SWING FUTURE 
18.A.135 
WAHA SWING FUTURE 
18.A.136 
AB NIT ICE-NGX SAME DAY 5A FIXED PRICE FUTURE 
18.A.137 
EP SAN JUAN FIXED PRICE FUTURE 


18A-4 
 
18.A.138 
HENRY CALENDAR YEAR ONE TIME FIXED PRICE FUTURE 
18.A.139 
HENRY LD1 FIXED PRICE FUTURE 
18.A.140 
HENRY LD1 SAME DAY FIXED PRICE FUTURE 
18.A.141 
HENRY LD4 FIXED PRICE FUTURE 
18.A.142 
HENRY PENULTIMATE FIXED PRICE FUTURE 
18.A.143 
PANHANDLE FIXED PRICE FUTURE 
18.A.144 
SOCAL FIXED PRICE FUTURE 
18.A.145 
HENRY PENULTIMATE 1-MONTH CALENDAR SPREAD FUTURE 
18.A.146 
HENRY PENULTIMATE 3-MONTH CALENDAR SPREAD FUTURE 
18.A.147 
HENRY PENULTIMATE 6-MONTH CALENDAR SPREAD FUTURE 
18.A.148 
IROQUOIS (Into) BASIS (PLATTS) FUTURE 
18.A.149 
IROQUOIS-Z2 BASIS (PLATTS) FUTURE 
18.A.150 
RESERVED 
18.A.151 
IROQUOIS (Into) SWING (PLATTS) FUTURE 
18.A.152 
IROQUOIS-Z2 SWING (PLATTS) FUTURE 
18.A.153 
RESERVED 
18.A.154 
IROQUOIS (Into) INDEX PLATTS) FUTURE 
18.A.155 
 
IROQUOIS-Z2 Index (PLATTS) FUTURE 
18.A.156 
 
US EIA FINANCIAL WEEKLY INDEX  
18.A.157 
 
EIA END OF DRAW INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.158  
 
EIA END OF STORAGE INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.159 
 
TETCO M2 BASIS FUTURE (RECEIPTS) 
18.A.160 
 
RESERVED 
18.A.161  
TRANSCO LEIDY BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.162  
TRANSCO LEIDY SWING FUTURE 
18.A.163  
TRANSCO LEIDY INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.164  
TENNESSEE ZONE 4 300L BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.165  
TENNESSEE ZONE 4 300L SWING FUTURE 
18.A.166  
TENNESSEE ZONE 4 300L INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.167 
TRANSCO ZONE 5 BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.168 
TRANSCO ZONE 5 SWING FUTURE 
18.A.169 
TRANSCO ZONE 5 INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.170 
TETCO M2 SWING FUTURE (RECEIPTS) 
18.A.171 
TETCO M2 INDEX FUTURE (RECEIPTS) 
18.A.172 
HENRY LD1 FIXED PRICE FUTURE 25K 
18.A.173 
HENRY PENULTIMATE FIXED PRICE FUTURE 25K 
18.A.174 
REX ZONE 3 BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.175 
REX ZONE 3 INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.176 
REX ZONE 3 SWING FUTURE 
18.A.177 
HENRY PENULTIMATE 4-MONTH CALENDAR SPREAD FUTURE 
18.A.178 
HENRY PENULTIMATE 5-MONTH CALENDAR SPREAD FUTURE 
18.A.179 
KATY BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.180 
KATY INDEX FUTURE 


18A-5 
 
18.A.181 
KATY SWING FUTURE 
18.A.182 
TENNESSEE 800L INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.183 
TENNESEE 800L SWING FUTURE 
18.A.184 
AB NIT (7a/5a) INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.185 
AB NIT 5a SWING FUTRE (US/MM) 
18.A.186  
UK NBP NATURAL GAS LAST DAY FINANCIAL FUTURES (USD/MMBTU) 
18.A.187 
CHICAGO FIXED PRICE FUTURE 
18.A.188 
EASTERN GAS SOUTH FIXED PRICE FUTURE 
18.A.189 
DUTCH TTF NATURAL GAS LAST DAY FINANCIAL FUTURE (USD/MMBTU) 
18.A.190  
TRUNKLINE ZONE 1A BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.191  
 
TENNESSEE 500L SWING FUTURE 
18.A.192  
 
NWP ROCKIES FIXED PRICE FUTURE 
18.A.193  
 
WAHA FIXED PRICE FUTURE 
18.A.194  
 
EP PERMIAN FIXED PRICE FUTURE 
18.A.195  
 
HSC FIXED PRICE FUTURE 
18.A.196  
 
MICHCON FIXED PRICE FUTURE 
18.A.197 
 
TETCO M3 FIXED PRICE FUTURE 
18.A.198  
 
AB NIT FIXED PRICE FUTURE 
18.A.199  
 
US EIA FINANCIAL WEEKLY INDEX (100 USD) 
18.A.200 
 
ALGONQUIN CITYGATES FIXED PRICE FUTURE 
18.A.201 
 
CIG ROCKIES FIXED PRICE FUTURE 
18.A.202 
 
CG-MAINLINE FIXED PRICE FUTURE 
18.A.203 
 
MALIN FIXED PRICED FUTURE 
18.A.204 
 
NNG VENTURA FIXED PRICE FUTURE 
18.A.205 
 
NGPL MIDCONT FIXED PRICE FUTURE 
18.A.206 
 
NGPL TXOK FIXED PRICE FUTURE 
18.A.207 
 
PG&E CITYGATE FIXED PRICE FUTURE 
18.A.208 
 
REX ZONE 3 FIXED PRICE FUTURE 
18.A.209 
 
TCO FIXED PRICE FUTURE 
18.A.210 
 
TRANSCO LEIDY FIXED PRICE FUTURE 
18.A.211 
 
TRANSCO ZONE 6 (NON NY) FIXED PRICE FUTURE 
18.A.212 
 
MILLENNIUM EAST POOL BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.213 
 
MILLENNIUM EAST POOL SWING FUTURE 
18.A.214 
 
MILLENNIUM EAST POOL INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.215 
PINE PRAIRIE INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.216 
PINE PRAIRIE SWING FUTURE 
18.A.217 
SOCAL CITYGATE FIXED PRICE FUTURE 
18.A.219 
TENNESSEE ZONE 1 SWING FUTURE 
18.A.220 
TETCO-ELA SWING FUTURE 
18.A.221 
TETCO-WLA INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.222 
TETCO-WLA SWING FUTURE 
18.A.223 
RESERVED 


18A-6 
 
18.A.224 
RESERVED 
18.A.225 
TRANSCO STATION 30 (ZONE 1) INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.226 
TRANSCO STATION 30 (ZONE 1) SWING FUTURE 
18.A.227 
TRUNKLINE ZONE 1A INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.228 
TRUNKLINE ZONE 1A SWING FUTURE 
18.A.229 
UNION DAWN INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.230 
UNION DAWN SWING FUTURE 
18.A.231 
CG ONSHORE INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.232 
CG ONSHORE SWING FUTURE 
18.A.233 
PINE PRAIRIE BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.234 
CHEYENNE HUB SWING FUTURE 
18.A.235 
CONSUMERS SWING FUTURE 
18.A.236 
EP WEST TEXAS BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.237 
EP WEST TEXAS INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.238 
EP WEST TEXAS SWING FUTURE 
18.A.239 
KERN DELIVERED SWING FUTURE 
18.A.240 
TENNESSEE ZONE 4 200L BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.241 
TENNESSEE ZONE 4 200L INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.242 
TENNESSEE ZONE 4 200L SWING FUTURE 
18.A.243 
TENNESSEE ZONE 6 200L NORTH BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.244 
TENNESSEE ZONE 6 200L NORTH INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.245 
TENNESSEE ZONE 6 200L NORTH SWING FUTURE 
18.A.246 
TENNESSEE ZONE 6 200L SOUTH BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.247 
TENNESSEE ZONE 6 200L INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.248 
TENNESSEE ZONE 6 200L SOUT INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.249  
HSC/KATY INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.250  
TRANSCO ZONE 5 SOUTH INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.251  
TRANSCO ZONE 5 SOUTH BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.252  
TRANSCO ZONE 5 SOUTH SWING FUTURE 
18.A.253 
ENBRIDGE STATION 2 SWING FUTURE 
18.A.254 
ENBRIDGE STATION 2 INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.255 
ENBRIDGE STATION 2 BASIS FUTURE 
18.A.256 
TRANSCO STATION 65 SWING FUTURE 
18.A.257 
TRANSCO STATION 65 INDEX FUTURE 
18.A.258 
TRANSCO STATION 65 BASIS FUTURE 
 
 


18A-7 
 
Rule 18A.000. Swing Futures Mid-Day Roll Times 
For purposes of any “Next Day Gas” swing futures contract and any “Bal Month Gas” swing futures 
contract within this Subchapter,  the time for purposes of determining the Contract Period of the 
applicable contract shall be the Timely Nomination Cycle (as such phrase is used by FERC) deadline for 
scheduling gas transportation which is established and published by FERC periodically. 
Adopted by the Board March 3, 2016; effective March 18, 2016. 
 
 


18A-8 
 
Rule 18.A.001 AB NIT Basis Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical 
result of subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in 
Reference Price B, from the monthly price published by Canadian Gas Price Reporter for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  AEC 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent 
($0.0001) per MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 
1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 120 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A: NATURAL GAS-ICE-NGX AB-NIT MONTH AHEAD INDEX 7A 
(US$/MMBTU)-CANADIAN GAS PRICE REPORTER 
a) Description: "NATURAL GAS-ICE-NGX AB-NIT MONTH AHEAD INDEX 7A 
(US$/MMBTU)-CANADIAN GAS PRICE REPORTER" means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Monthly Canadian and 
U.S. natural gas price summary: Canadian Domestic Gas Prices: ICE-NGX AB-NIT Month 
Ahead Index (7A): US$/MMBtu" in the issue of Canadian Gas Price Reporter that reports 
prices effective for that Pricing Date. 
 
b)   Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Canadian Gas Price Reporter 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be 
that day's Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub 


18A-9 
 
Natural Gas Futures Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by 
the NYMEX on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The Clearing Organization business day following the first Canadian business day 
following the Last Trading Day 


18A-10 
 
Rule 18.A.002 Algonquin Citygates Basis Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  ALQ 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 48 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-NORTHEAST (ALGONQUIN CITY-GATE)-INSIDE FERC 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NORTHEAST (ALGONQUIN CITY-GATE)-INSIDE FERC" 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas 
for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly 
Bidweek Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Northeast: Algonquin, city-gates : Index" in the issue of Inside 
FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract 
for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 


18A-11 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18A-12 
 
Rule 18.A.003 ANR SE (Louisiana) Basis Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  CGM 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 48 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-ANR (LOUISIANA)-INSIDE FERC 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-ANR (LOUISIANA)-INSIDE FERC" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas 
Prices ($/MMBtu): Louisiana/Southeast: ANR, La. : Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract 
for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 


18A-13 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18A-14 
 
Rule 18.A.004 ANR SW (Oklahoma) Basis Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  ANO 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 72 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-ANR (OKLAHOMA)-INSIDE FERC 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-ANR (OKLAHOMA)-INSIDE FERC" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas 
Prices ($/MMBtu): Midcontinent: ANR, Okla. : Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract 
for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 


18A-15 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18A-16 
 
Rule 18.A.005 Enable Gas Basis Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  CTP 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 72 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-ENABLE GAS (EAST)-INSIDE FERC 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-ENABLE GAS (EAST)-INSIDE FERC means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas 
Prices ($/MMBtu): Midcontinent: Enable Gas, East : Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract 
for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 


18A-17 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18A-18 
 
Rule 18.A.006 CG Mainline Basis Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  CGB 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 48 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-COLUMBIA GULF (MAINLINE)-INSIDE FERC 
a)   Description:  “NATURAL GAS-COLUMBIA GULF (MAINLINE)-INSIDE FERC” means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas  for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas 
Prices ($/MMBtu): Louisiana/Southeast: Columbia Gulf, mainline : Index " in the issue of Inside 
FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date . 
b)   Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract 
for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 


18A-19 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18A-20 
 
Rule 18.A.007 CG Onshore Basis Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  CON 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 72 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-COLUMBIA GULF (LOUISIANA)-INSIDE FERC 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-COLUMBIA GULF (LOUISIANA)-INSIDE FERC" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas 
Prices ($/MMBtu): Louisiana/Southeast: Columbia Gulf, La. : Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract 
for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 


18A-21 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18A-22 
 
Rule 18.A.008 Chicago Basis Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by NGI for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  DGD 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 108 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-MIDWEST (CHICAGO CITYGATE)-NGI 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-MIDWEST (CHICAGO CITYGATE)-NGI" means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Spot Gas Prices: Midwest: 
Chicago Citygate: avg." in the issue of NGI's Bidweek Survey that reports prices effective on that 
Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Average 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NGI 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract 
for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 


18A-23 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18A-24 
 
Rule 18.A.009 CIG Rockies Basis Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  CRI 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 72 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-CIG (ROCKY MOUNTAINS)-INSIDE FERC 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-CIG (ROCKY MOUNTAINS)-INSIDE FERC" means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas 
Prices ($/MMBtu): Rockies/Northwest: CIG, Rockies : Index " in the issue of Inside FERC that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract 
for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 


18A-25 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18A-26 
 
Rule 18.A.010 Eastern Gas South Basis Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  DOM 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 72 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS- EASTERN GAS (APPALACHIA)-INSIDE FERC 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS- EASTERN GAS (APPALACHIA)-INSIDE FERC" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas 
Prices ($/MMBtu): Appalachia: Eastern Gas, Appalachia : Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract 
for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 


18A-27 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18A-28 
 
Rule 18.A.011 EP Permian Basis Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PER 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 72 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-EL PASO (PERMIAN BASIN)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-EL PASO (PERMIAN BASIN)-INSIDE FERC" means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas Prices 
($/MMBtu): Southwest: El Paso, Permian Basin: Index " in the issue of Inside FERC that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b)   Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract 
for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 


18A-29 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18A-30 
 
Rule 18.A.012 EP San Juan Basis Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  SNJ 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 72 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-EL PASO (SAN JUAN BASIN)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-EL PASO (SAN JUAN BASIN)-INSIDE FERC" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas 
Prices ($/MMBtu): Southwest: El Paso, San Juan: Index " in the issue of Inside FERC that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b)   Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract 
for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 


18A-31 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18A-32 
 
Rule 18.A.013 Florida Gas Zone 3 Basis Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  FTZ 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 48 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-FLORIDA GAS (ZONE 3)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-FLORIDA GAS (ZONE 3)-INSIDE FERC" means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas 
Prices ($/MMBtu): Louisiana/Southeast: Florida Gas, zone 3: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b)   Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract 
for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 


18A-33 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18A-34 
 
Rule 18.A.014 Henry Basis Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  HEN 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 72 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-S. LOUISIANA (HENRY HUB)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-S. LOUISIANA (HENRY HUB)-INSIDE FERC" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas 
Prices ($/MMBtu): Louisiana/Southeast: Henry Hub: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract 
for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 


18A-35 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18A-36 
 
Rule 18.A.015 HSC Basis Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  HXS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 84 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-E. TEXAS (HOUSTON SHIP CHANNEL)-INSIDE FERC 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-E. TEXAS (HOUSTON SHIP CHANNEL)-INSIDE FERC" means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek 
Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): East Texas: Houston Ship Channel : Index" in the issue of Inside FERC 
that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract 
for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 


18A-37 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization18. business day following the Last Trading Day 


18A-38 
 
Rule 18.A.016 Malin Basis Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by NGI for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  MLN 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 108 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-CALIFORNIA (MALIN)-NGI 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-CALIFORNIA (MALIN)-NGI" means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Spot Gas Prices: California: Malin: avg." in the 
issue of NGI's Bidweek Survey that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Average 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NGI 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract 
for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 


18A-39 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18A-40 
 
Rule 18.A.017 Michcon Basis Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NMC 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 108 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-UPPER MIDWEST (MICH CON CITY-GATE)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-UPPER MIDWEST (MICH CON CITY-GATE)-INSIDE FERC" 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas 
for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly 
Bidweek Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Upper Midwest: Mich Con city-gate: Index" in the issue of 
Inside FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b)   Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract 
for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 


18A-41 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18A-42 
 
Rule 18.A.018 NGPL Midcont Basis Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  MCO 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 72 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-NGPL (MIDCONTINENT)-INSIDE FERC 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NGPL (MIDCONTINENT)-INSIDE FERC" means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas 
Prices ($/MMBtu): Midcontinent: NGPL, Midcontinent: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract 
for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 


18A-43 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18A-44 
 
Rule 18.A.019 NGPL STX Basis Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NSX 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 48 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-NGPL (SOUTH TEXAS)-INSIDE FERC 
a) 
Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NGPL (SOUTH TEXAS)-INSIDE FERC" means that the price for 
a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas 
Prices ($/MMBtu): East Texas: NGPL, STX: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b)   Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract 
for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 


18A-45 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18A-46 
 
Rule 18.A.020 NGPL TXOK Basis Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NTO 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 72 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-NGPL (TEXOK)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NGPL (TEXOK)-INSIDE FERC" means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): 
East Texas: NGPL, Texok zone: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports prices effective on 
that Pricing Date. 
 
b)   Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract 
for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 


18A-47 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18A-48 
 
Rule 18.A.021 NNG Demarc Basis Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  DEM 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 72 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-NNG (DEMARCATION)-INSIDE FERC 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NNG (DEMARCATION)-INSIDE FERC" means that the price for 
a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas 
Prices ($/MMBtu): Upper Midwest: Northern, demarc: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract 
for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 


18A-49 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18A-50 
 
Rule 18.A.022 NNG Ventura Basis Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NVE 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 72 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-NNG (VENTURA)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NNG (VENTURA)-INSIDE FERC" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas 
Prices ($/MMBtu): Upper Midwest: Northern, Ventura: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract 
for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 


18A-51 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18A-52 
 
Rule 18.A.023 NWP Rockies Basis Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NWR 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 120 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-NWPL (ROCKY MOUNTAINS)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NWPL (ROCKY MOUNTAINS)-INSIDE FERC" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas 
Prices ($/MMBtu): Rockies/Northwest: Northwest, Rocky Mountains: Index " in the issue of Inside 
FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b)   Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract 
for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 


18A-53 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18A-54 
 
Rule 18.A.024 NWP Sumas Basis Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NSU 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 72 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-NWPL (CANADIAN BORDER)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NWPL (CANADIAN BORDER)-INSIDE FERC" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas 
Prices ($/MMBtu): Rockies/Northwest: Northwest, Canadian border (Sumas): Index " in the issue of 
Inside FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b)   Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract 
for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 


18A-55 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18A-56 
 
Rule 18.A.025 ONEOK Gas Transportation Basis Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  ONE 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 48 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-ONG (OKLAHOMA)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-ONG (OKLAHOMA)-INSIDE FERC" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas 
Prices ($/MMBtu): Midcontinent: Oneok, Okla.: Index " in the issue of Inside FERC that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract 
for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 


18A-57 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18A-58 
 
Rule 18.A.026 Panhandle Basis Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PAN 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 84 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-PEPL (TEXOK MAINLINE)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-PEPL (TEXOK MAINLINE)-INSIDE FERC" means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas 
Prices ($/MMBtu): Midcontinent: Panhandle, Tx.-Okla.: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b)   Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract 
for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 


18A-59 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18A-60 
 
Rule 18.A.027 PG&E Citygate Basis Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by NGI for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PGE 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 72 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-CALIFORNIA (PG&E CITYGATE)-NGI 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-CALIFORNIA (PG&E CITYGATE)-NGI" means that the price for 
a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Spot Gas Prices: California: 
PG&E Citygate: avg." in the issue of NGI's Bidweek Survey that reports prices effective on that 
Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Average 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NGI 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract 
for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 


18A-61 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18A-62 
 
Rule 18.A.028 Socal Border Basis Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by NGI for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  SCL 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 120 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-CALIFORNIA (SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA BDR. AVG.)-NGI 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-CALIFORNIA (SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA BDR. AVG.)-NGI " 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas 
for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Spot Gas 
Prices: California: Southern Cal. Border Avg.: avg." in the issue of NGI's Bidweek Survey that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Average 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NGI 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract 
for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 


18A-63 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18A-64 
 
Rule 18.A.029 Socal Citygate Basis Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by NGI for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  SCB 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 96 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-CALIFORNIA (SOCAL CITYGATE)-NGI 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-CALIFORNIA (SOCAL CITYGATE)-NGI" means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Spot Gas Prices: California: 
SoCal Citygate: avg." in the issue of NGI's Bidweek Survey that reports prices effective on that 
Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Average 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NGI 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract 
for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 


18A-65 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18A-66 
 
Rule 18.A.030 Sonat Basis Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  SON 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 48 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-SOUTHERN NATURAL (LOUISIANA)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-SOUTHERN NATURAL (LOUISIANA)-INSIDE FERC" means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek 
Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Louisiana/Southeast: Southern Natural, La.: Index" in the issue of Inside 
FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract 
for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 


18A-67 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18A-68 
 
Rule 18.A.031 Southern Star TX OK KS Basis Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  OUB 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 24 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-SOUTHERN STAR (TEX/OKLA/KAN)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-SOUTHERN STAR (TEX/OKLA/KAN)-INSIDE FERC" means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek 
Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Midcontinent: Southern Star: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract 
for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 


18A-69 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18A-70 
 
Rule 18.A.032 TCO Basis Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  TCO 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 72 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-COLUMBIA GAS (APPALACHIA)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-COLUMBIA GAS (APPALACHIA)-INSIDE FERC" means that 
the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery 
on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot 
Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Appalachia: Columbia Gas, App.: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract 
for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 


18A-71 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18A-72 
 
Rule 18.A.033 Tennessee 500L Basis Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  TFL 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 48 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-TENNESSEE GAS (LOUISIANA, 500 LEG)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-TENNESSEE GAS (LOUISIANA, 500 LEG)-INSIDE FERC" 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas 
for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly 
Bidweek Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Louisiana/Southeast: Tennessee, Louisiana, 500 Leg: Index " 
in the issue of Inside FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract 
for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 


18A-73 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18A-74 
 
Rule 18.A.034 Tennessee 800L Basis Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  TSB 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 24 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-TENNESSEE GAS (LOUISIANA, 800 LEG)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-TENNESSEE GAS (LOUISIANA, 800 LEG)-INSIDE FERC" 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas 
for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly 
Bidweek Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Louisiana/Southeast: Tennessee, Louisiana, 800 Leg: Index" in 
the issue of Inside FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract 
for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 


18A-75 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18A-76 
 
Rule 18.A.035 Tennessee Zone 0 Basis Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  TZZ 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 72 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-TENNESSEE GAS (TEXAS ZONE 0)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-TENNESSEE GAS (TEXAS ZONE 0)-INSIDE FERC means that 
the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery 
on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot 
Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): East Texas: Tennessee, zone 0: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract 
for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 


18A-77 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18A-78 
 
Rule 18.A.036 TETCO ELA Basis Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  TEB 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 48 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-TETCO (E. LOUISIANA ZONE)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-TETCO (E. LOUISIANA ZONE)-INSIDE FERC means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas 
Prices ($/MMBtu): Louisiana/Southeast: Texas Eastern, ELA: Index " in the issue of Inside FERC 
that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract 
for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 


18A-79 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18A-80 
 
Rule 18.A.037 TETCO M3 Basis Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  TMT 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 72 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-NORTHEAST (TEXAS EASTERN ZONE M-3)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NORTHEAST (TEXAS EASTERN ZONE M-3)-INSIDE FERC 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas 
for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly 
Bidweek Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Northeast: Texas Eastern, M-3: Index" in the issue of Inside 
FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract 
for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 


18A-81 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18A-82 
 
Rule 18.A.038 TETCO STX Basis Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  SXT 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 72 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-TETCO (S. TEXAS ZONE)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-TETCO (S. TEXAS ZONE)-INSIDE FERC means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas 
Prices ($/MMBtu): East Texas: Texas Eastern, STX: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract 
for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 


18A-83 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18A-84 
 
Rule 18.A.039 TETCO WLA Basis Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  TWB 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 24 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-TETCO (W. LOUISIANA ZONE)-INSIDE FERC 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-TETCO (W. LOUISIANA ZONE)-INSIDE FERC means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas 
Prices ($/MMBtu): Louisiana/Southeast: Texas Eastern, WLA: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC 
that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract 
for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 


18A-85 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18A-86 
 
Rule 18.A.040 TGT Zone 1 Basis Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  TGB 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 48 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-TGT (ZONE 1)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-TGT (ZONE 1)-INSIDE FERC means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): 
Louisiana/Southeast: Texas Gas, zone 1: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract 
for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 


18A-87 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18A-88 
 
Rule 18.A.041 TGT Zone SL (FT) Basis Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  ZSL 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 48 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-TGT (ZONE SL)-INSIDE FERC 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-TGT (ZONE SL)-INSIDE FERC means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Prices of Spot Gas Delivered to Pipelines 
($/MMBtu): Texas Gas Transmission Corp.: Zone SL: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract 
for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 


18A-89 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18A-90 
 
Rule 18.A.042 Transco Station 30 (Zone 1) Basis Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  TTB 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 24 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-TRANSCO (ZONE 1)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-TRANSCO (ZONE 1)-INSIDE FERC" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas 
Prices ($/MMBtu): East Texas: Transco, zone 1: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract 
for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 


18A-91 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18A-92 
 
Rule 18.A.043 Transco Station 45 (Zone 2) Basis Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  TNB 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 24 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-TRANSCO (ZONE 2)-INSIDE FERC 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-TRANSCO (ZONE 2)-INSIDE FERC" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Prices of Spot Gas Delivered to 
Pipelines ($/MMBtu): Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Corp.: Zone 2: Index" in the issue of Inside 
FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract 
for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 


18A-93 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18A-94 
 
Rule 18.A.044 Transco Zone 3 Basis Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  STA 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 72 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-TRANSCO (ZONE 3)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-TRANSCO (ZONE 3)-INSIDE FERC" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas 
Prices ($/MMBtu): Louisiana/Southeast: Transco, zone 3: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract 
for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 


18A-95 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18A-96 
 
Rule 18.A.045 Transco Station 85 (Zone 4) Basis Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  TRZ 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 72 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-TRANSCO (ZONE 4)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-TRANSCO (ZONE 4)-INSIDE FERC" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas 
Prices ($/MMBtu): Louisiana/Southeast: Transco, zone 4: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract 
for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 


18A-97 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18A-98 
 
Rule 18.A.046 Transco Zone 6 (non NY) Basis Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  TPB 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 24 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-NORTHEAST (TRANSCO ZONE 6 NON-N.Y.)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NORTHEAST (TRANSCO ZONE 6 NON-N.Y.)-INSIDE FERC" 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas 
for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly 
Bidweek Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Northeast: Transco, zone 6 non-N.Y.: Index" in the issue of 
Inside FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract 
for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 


18A-99 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18A-100 
 
Rule 18.A.047 Transco Zone 6 (NY) Basis Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  TZS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 72 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-NORTHEAST (TRANSCO ZONE 6 N.Y.)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NORTHEAST (TRANSCO ZONE 6 N.Y.)-INSIDE FERC" means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek 
Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Northeast: Transco, zone 6 N.Y.: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC 
that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract 
for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 


18A-101 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18A-102 
 
Rule 18.A.048 Trunkline LA Basis Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  TRL 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 48 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-TRUNKLINE (LOUISIANA)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-TRUNKLINE (LOUISIANA)-INSIDE FERC" means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas 
Prices ($/MMBtu): Louisiana/Southeast: Trunkline, La.: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract 
for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 


18A-103 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18A-104 
 
Rule 18.A.049 Union Dawn Basis Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  DWN 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 36 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-UPPER MIDWEST (DAWN ONTARIO)-INSIDE FERC 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-UPPER MIDWEST (DAWN ONTARIO)-INSIDE FERC" means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek 
Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Upper Midwest: Dawn, Ontario: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract 
for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 


18A-105 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18A-106 
 
Rule 18.A.050 Waha Basis Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  WAH 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 72 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-W. TEXAS (WAHA)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-W. TEXAS (WAHA)-INSIDE FERC" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas 
Prices ($/MMBtu): Southwest: Waha: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports prices effective 
on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract 
for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 


18A-107 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 


18A-108 
 
Rule 18.A.051 AB NIT Index Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Canadian Gas Price Reporter, as defined in Reference Price B, from 
the average of the daily prices published by Canadian Gas Price Reporter, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  AIS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 120 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A: NATURAL GAS-ICE-NGX AB-NIT DAY AHEAD (US$/MMBTU)-CANADIAN GAS 
PRICE REPORTER 
 
a) Description: "NATURAL GAS- ICE-NGX AB-NIT DAY AHEAD (US$/MMBTU)-CANADIAN 
GAS PRICE REPORTER" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price 
per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under 
the heading " ICE-NGX AECO Day Ahead Price Index: Total: Average Price US$/MMBtu" in the 
issue of Canadian Gas Price Reporter that reports prices effective for that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Canadian Gas Price Reporter 
e)   Delivery Date:  Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
Reference Price B: NATURAL GAS- ICE-NGX AB-NIT MONTH AHEAD INDEX 7A 
(US$/MMBTU)-CANADIAN GAS PRICE REPORTER 
a)  Description: "NATURAL GAS- ICE-NGX AB-NIT MONTH AHEAD INDEX 7A 
(US$/MMBTU)-CANADIAN GAS PRICE REPORTER" means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Monthly Canadian and U.S. natural gas price 
summary: Canadian Domestic Gas Prices: ICE-NGX AB-NIT Month Ahead Index (7A): 


18A-109 
 
US$/MMBtu" in the issue of Canadian Gas Price Reporter that reports prices effective for that 
Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  First publication date of Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Canadian Gas Price Reporter 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The Clearing Organization business day following the first Canadian business day 
following the last Business Day of the Contract Period


18A-110 
 
Rule 18.A.052 Algonquin Citygates Index Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  ALI 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 120 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-CITYGATES (ALGONQUIN)-GAS DAILY  
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-CITYGATES (ALGONQUIN)-GAS DAILY" means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey ($/MMBtu): 
Northeast: Algonquin, city-gates: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective on 
that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NORTHEAST (ALGONQUIN CITY-GATE)-INSIDE FERC 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NORTHEAST (ALGONQUIN CITY-GATE)-INSIDE FERC" 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas 
for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly 
Bidweek Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Northeast: Algonquin, city-gates: Index" in the issue of Inside 
FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  First publication date of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 


18A-111 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the 
Contract Period


18A-112 
 
Rule 18.A.053 ANR SE (Louisiana) Index Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  API 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 24 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-LOUISIANA (ANR)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-LOUISIANA (ANR)-GAS DAILY" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey ($/MMBtu): 
Louisiana/Southeast: ANR, La.: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective on 
that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-ANR (LOUISIANA)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-ANR (LOUISIANA)-INSIDE FERC" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas 
Prices ($/MMBtu): Louisiana/Southeast: ANR, La.: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  First publication date of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 


18A-113 
 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the 
Contract Period


18A-114 
 
Rule 18.A.054 ANR SW (Oklahoma) Index Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  AOI 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 24 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-OKLAHOMA (ANR)-GAS DAILY  
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-OKLAHOMA (ANR)-GAS DAILY" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey ($/MMBtu): 
Midcontinent: ANR, Okla.: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective on that 
Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-ANR (OKLAHOMA)-INSIDE FERC 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-ANR (OKLAHOMA)-INSIDE FERC" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas 
Prices ($/MMBtu): Midcontinent: ANR, Okla.: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  First publication date of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 


18A-115 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the 
Contract Period


18A-116 
 
Rule 18.A.055 Enable Gas Index Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  CTI 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 120 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-OKLAHOMA (ENABLE GAS, EAST)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-OKLAHOMA (ENABLE GAS EAST)-GAS DAILY" means that 
the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery 
on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey 
($/MMBtu): Midcontinent: Enable Gas, East: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-ENABLE GAS (EAST)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-ENABLE GAS (EAST)-INSIDE FERC" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas 
Prices ($/MMBtu): Midcontinent: Enable Gas, East: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  First publication date of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 


18A-117 
 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the 
Contract Period


18A-118 
 
Rule 18.A.056 CG-Mainline Index Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  CGI 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 24 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-LOUISIANA (COLUMBIA GULF MAINLINE)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-LOUISIANA (COLUMBIA GULF MAINLINE)-GAS DAILY" 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas 
for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price 
Survey ($/MMBtu): Louisiana/Southeast: Columbia Gulf, mainline: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas 
Daily that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-COLUMBIA GULF (MAINLINE)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-COLUMBIA GULF (MAINLINE)-INSIDE FERC” means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas 
Prices ($/MMBtu): Louisiana/Southeast: Columbia Gulf, mainline: Index" in the issue of Inside 
FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date . 
b)   Pricing Date:  First publication date of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 


18A-119 
 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the 
Contract Period


18A-120 
 
Rule 18.A.057 Chicago Index Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by NGI, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the daily 
prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  CIS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 84 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-CITYGATES (CHICAGO)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-CITYGATES (CHICAGO)-GAS DAILY" means that the price for 
a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey ($/MMBtu): 
Upper Midwest: Chicago city-gates: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective 
on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-MIDWEST (CHICAGO CITYGATE)-NGI 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-MIDWEST (CHICAGO CITYGATE)-NGI" means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Spot Gas Prices: Midwest: 
Chicago Citygate: avg." in the issue of NGI's Bidweek Survey that reports prices effective on that 
Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  First publication date of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Average 


18A-121 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NGI 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the 
Contract Period


18A-122 
 
Rule 18.A.058 CIG Rockies Index Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  CRC 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 24 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-ROCKIES (CIG ROCKY MOUNTAINS)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-ROCKIES (CIG ROCKY MOUNTAINS)-GAS DAILY" means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price 
Survey ($/MMBtu): Rockies/Northwest: CIG, Rockies: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-CIG (ROCKY MOUNTAINS)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-CIG (ROCKY MOUNTAINS)-INSIDE FERC" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas 
Prices ($/MMBtu): Rockies/Northwest: CIG, Rockies: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  First publication date of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 


18A-123 
 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the 
Contract Period


18A-124 
 
Rule 18.A.059 Eastern Gas South Index Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  DIS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 72 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-APPALACHIA (EASTERN GAS - SOUTH)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-APPALACHIA (EASTERN GAS - SOUTH)-GAS DAILY" means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price 
Survey ($/MMBtu): Appalachia: Eastern Gas, South: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS- EASTERN GAS (APPALACHIA)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS- EASTERN GAS (APPALACHIA)-INSIDE FERC" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas 
Prices ($/MMBtu): Appalachia: Eastern Gas, Appalachia: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  First publication date of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 


18A-125 
 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the 
Contract Period


18A-126 
 
Rule 18.A.060 EP Permian Index Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PEI 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 48 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-PERMIAN BASIN (EL PASO)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-PERMIAN BASIN (EL PASO)-GAS DAILY" means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey ($/MMBtu): 
Southwest: El Paso, Permian: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective on that 
Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-EL PASO (PERMIAN BASIN)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-EL PASO (PERMIAN BASIN)-INSIDE FERC" means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas Prices 
($/MMBtu): Southwest: El Paso, Permian Basin: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  First publication date of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 


18A-127 
 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the 
Contract Period


18A-128 
 
Rule 18.A.061 EP San Juan Index Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  SNI 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 48 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-NEW MEXICO (EL PASO, SAN JUAN)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NEW MEXICO (EL PASO SAN JUAN)-GAS DAILY" means that 
the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery 
on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey 
($/MMBtu): Southwest: El Paso, San Juan: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-EL PASO (SAN JUAN BASIN)-INSIDE FERC 
a) 
Description:  "NATURAL GAS-EL PASO (SAN JUAN BASIN)-INSIDE FERC" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas 
Prices ($/MMBtu): Southwest: El Paso, San Juan: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  First publication date of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 


18A-129 
 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the 
Contract Period


18A-130 
 
Rule 18.A.062 Florida Gas Zone 3 Index Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  FTI 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 24 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-LOUISIANA (FLORIDA GAS ZONE 3)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-LOUISIANA (FLORIDA GAS ZONE 3)-GAS DAILY" means that 
the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery 
on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey 
($/MMBtu): Louisiana/Southeast: Florida Gas, zone 3: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-FLORIDA GAS (ZONE 3)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-FLORIDA GAS (ZONE 3)-INSIDE FERC" means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas 
Prices ($/MMBtu): Louisiana/Southeast: Florida Gas, zone 3: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  First publication date of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 


18A-131 
 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the 
Contract Period


18A-132 
 
Rule 18.A.063 Henry Index Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  HIS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 36 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-LOUISIANA (HENRY HUB)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-LOUISIANA (HENRY HUB)-GAS DAILY" means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey ($/MMBtu): 
Louisiana/Southeast: Henry Hub: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective on 
that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-S. LOUISIANA (HENRY HUB)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-S. LOUISIANA (HENRY HUB)-INSIDE FERC" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas 
Prices ($/MMBtu): Louisiana/Southeast: Henry Hub: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  First publication date of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 


18A-133 
 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the 
Contract Period


18A-134 
 
Rule 18.A.064 HSC Index Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  SHS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 36 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-E. HOUSTON-KATY (HOUSTON SHIP CHANNEL)-GAS DAILY  
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-E. HOUSTON-KATY (HOUSTON SHIP CHANNEL)-GAS 
DAILY" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of 
natural gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading 
"Daily price survey ($/MMBtu): East-Houston-Katy: Houston Ship Channel: Midpoint" in the issue 
of Gas Daily that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-E. TEXAS (HOUSTON SHIP CHANNEL)-INSIDE FERC 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-E. TEXAS (HOUSTON SHIP CHANNEL)-INSIDE FERC" means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Market Center 
Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): East Texas: Houston Ship Channel: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC 
that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  First publication date of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 


18A-135 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the 
Contract Period


18A-136 
 
Rule 18.A.065 Malin Index Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by NGI, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the daily 
prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  MIS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 84 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-OTHERS (PG&E MALIN)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-OTHERS (PG&E MALIN)-GAS DAILY" means that the price for 
a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey ($/MMBtu): 
Rockies/Northwest: PG&E, Malin: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective 
on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-CALIFORNIA (MALIN)-NGI 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-CALIFORNIA (MALIN)-NGI" means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Spot Gas Prices: California: Malin: avg." in the 
issue of NGI's Bidweek Survey that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  First publication date of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NGI 


18A-137 
 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the 
Contract Period


18A-138 
 
Rule 18.A.066 Michcon Index Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NMI 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 24 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-CITYGATES (MICH CON)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-CITYGATES (MICH CON)-GAS DAILY" means that the price for 
a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey ($/MMBtu): 
Upper Midwest: Mich Con city-gate: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective 
on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-UPPER MIDWEST (MICH CON CITY-GATE)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-UPPER MIDWEST (MICH CON CITY-GATE)-INSIDE FERC" 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas 
for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly 
Bidweek Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Upper Midwest: Mich Con city-gate: Index" in the issue of 
Inside FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  First publication date of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 


18A-139 
 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the 
Contract Period


18A-140 
 
Rule 18.A.067 NGPL Midcont Index Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  MCI 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 48 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-OKLAHOMA (NGPL)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-OKLAHOMA (NGPL)-GAS DAILY" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey ($/MMBtu): 
Midcontinent: NGPL, Midcontinent: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective 
on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NGPL (MIDCONTINENT)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NGPL (MIDCONTINENT)-INSIDE FERC" means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas 
Prices ($/MMBtu): Midcontinent: NGPL, Midcontinent: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  First publication date of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 


18A-141 
 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the 
Contract Period


18A-142 
 
Rule 18.A.068 NGPL STX Index Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NXI 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 24 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-SOUTH-CORPUS CHRISTI (NGPL STX)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-SOUTH-CORPUS CHRISTI (NGPL STX)-GAS DAILY" means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price 
Survey ($/MMBtu): East Texas: NGPL, STX: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NGPL (SOUTH TEXAS)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NGPL (SOUTH TEXAS)-INSIDE FERC" means that the price for 
a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas 
Prices ($/MMBtu): East Texas: NGPL, STX: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  First publication date of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 


18A-143 
 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the 
Contract Period


18A-144 
 
Rule 18.A.069 NGPL TXOK Index Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NTI 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 48 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-EAST TEXAS (NGPL TEXOK)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-EAST TEXAS (NGPL TEXOK)-GAS DAILY" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey 
($/MMBtu): East Texas: NGPL, Texok zone: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NGPL (TEXOK)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NGPL (TEXOK)-INSIDE FERC" means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): 
East Texas: NGPL, Texok zone: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports prices effective on 
that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  First publication date of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 


18A-145 
 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the 
Contract Period


18A-146 
 
Rule 18.A.070 NNG Demarc Index Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  DEI 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 24 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-OTHERS (DEMARCATION)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-OTHERS (DEMARCATION)-GAS DAILY" means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey ($/MMBtu): 
Upper Midwest: Northern, demarc: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective 
on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NNG (DEMARCATION)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NNG (DEMARCATION)-INSIDE FERC" means that the price for 
a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas 
Prices ($/MMBtu): Upper Midwest: Northern, demarc: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  First publication date of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 


18A-147 
 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the 
Contract Period


18A-148 
 
Rule 18.A.071 NNG Ventura Index Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NNI 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 24 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-OTHERS (VENTURA)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-OTHERS (VENTURA)-GAS DAILY" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey ($/MMBtu): 
Upper Midwest: Northern, Ventura: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective 
on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NNG (VENTURA)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NNG (VENTURA)-INSIDE FERC" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas 
Prices ($/MMBtu): Upper Midwest: Northern, Ventura: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  First publication date of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 


18A-149 
 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the 
Contract Period


18A-150 
 
Rule 18.A.072 NWP Rockies Index Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  RSI 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 48 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-ROCKIES (KERN RIVER OPAL PLANT)-)-GAS DAILY  
a) "NATURAL GAS-ROCKIES (KERN RIVER OPAL PLANT)-GAS DAILY" means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey ($/MMBtu): 
Rockies/Northwest: Kern River, Opal: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NWPL (ROCKY MOUNTAINS)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NWPL (ROCKY MOUNTAINS)-INSIDE FERC" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas 
Prices ($/MMBtu): Rockies/Northwest: Northwest, Rocky Mountains: Index" in the issue of Inside 
FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  First publication date of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 


18A-151 
 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the 
Contract Period


18A-152 
 
Rule 18.A.073 NWP Sumas Index Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NIS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 48 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-CANADIAN GAS (NORTHWEST SUMAS)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-CANADIAN GAS (NORTHWEST SUMAS)-GAS DAILY" means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price 
Survey ($/MMBtu): Rockies/Northwest: NW, Can. bdr. (Sumas): Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily 
that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NWPL (CANADIAN BORDER)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NWPL (CANADIAN BORDER)-INSIDE FERC" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas 
Prices ($/MMBtu): Rockies/Northwest: Northwest, Canadian border (Sumas): Index" in the issue of 
Inside FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  First publication date of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 


18A-153 
 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the 
Contract Period


18A-154 
 
Rule 18.A.074 ONEOK Gas Transporation Index Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  ONI 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 24 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-OKLAHOMA (ONEOK OKLA)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-OKLAHOMA (ONEOK OKLA)-GAS DAILY" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey 
($/MMBtu): Midcontinent: Oneok, Okla.: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-ONG (OKLAHOMA)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-ONG (OKLAHOMA)-INSIDE FERC" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas 
Prices ($/MMBtu): Midcontinent: Oneok, Okla.: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  First publication date of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 


18A-155 
 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the 
Contract Period


18A-156 
 
Rule 18.A.075 Panhandle Index Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PIS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 84 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-OKLAHOMA (PANHANDLE)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-OKLAHOMA (PANHANDLE)-GAS DAILY" means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey ($/MMBtu): 
Midcontinent: Panhandle, Tx.-Okla.: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective 
on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-PEPL (TEXOK MAINLINE)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-PEPL (TEXOK MAINLINE)-INSIDE FERC" means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas Prices 
($/MMBtu): Midcontinent: Panhandle, Tx.-Okla.: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  First publication date of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 


18A-157 
 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the 
Contract Period


18A-158 
 
Rule 18.A.076 PG&E Citygate Index Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by NGI, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the daily 
prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  EIS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 84 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-CITYGATES (PG&E)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-CITYGATES (PG&E)-GAS DAILY" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey ($/MMBtu): 
Southwest: PG&E city-gate: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective on that 
Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-CALIFORNIA (PG&E CITYGATE)-NGI 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-CALIFORNIA (PG&E CITYGATE)-NGI" means that the price for 
a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Spot Gas Prices: California: 
PG&E Citygate: avg." in the issue of NGI's Bidweek Survey that reports prices effective on that 
Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  First publication date of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Average 


18A-159 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NGI 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the 
Contract Period


18A-160 
 
Rule 18.A.077 Socal Border Index Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by NGI, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the daily 
prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  SIS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 120 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-OTHERS (SOCAL GAS)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-OTHERS (SOCAL GAS)-GAS DAILY" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey ($/MMBtu): 
Southwest: SoCal Gas: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective on that 
Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-CALIFORNIA (SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA BDR. AVG.)-NGI 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-CALIFORNIA (SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA BDR. AVG.)-NGI " 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas 
for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Spot Gas 
Prices: California: Southern Cal. Border Avg.: avg." in the issue of NGI's Bidweek Survey that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  First publication date of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Average 


18A-161 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NGI 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the 
Contract Period


18A-162 
 
Rule 18.A.078 Socal Citygate Index Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by NGI, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the daily 
prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  SCI 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 120 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-CITYGATES (SOCAL)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-E. HOUSTON-KATY (HOUSTON SHIP CHANNEL)-GAS 
DAILY" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of 
natural gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading 
“Daily Price Survey ($/MMBtu): East Texas: Houston Ship Channel: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas 
Daily that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-CALIFORNIA (SOCAL CITYGATE)-NGI 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-E. TEXAS (HOUSTON SHIP CHANNEL)-INSIDE FERC" means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek 
Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): East Texas: Houston Ship Channel: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC 
that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  First publication date of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Average 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NGI 


18A-163 
 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the 
Contract Period


18A-164 
 
Rule 18.A.079 Sonat Index Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  SOI 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 24 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-LOUISIANA (SOUTHERN NATURAL)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-LOUISIANA (SOUTHERN NATURAL)-GAS DAILY" means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price 
Survey ($/MMBtu): Louisiana/Southeast: Southern Natural, La.: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily 
that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-SOUTHERN NATURAL (LOUISIANA)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-SOUTHERN NATURAL (LOUISIANA)-INSIDE FERC" means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek 
Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Louisiana/Southeast: Southern Natural, La.: Index" in the issue of Inside 
FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  First publication date of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 


18A-165 
 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the 
Contract Period


18A-166 
 
Rule 18.A.080 Southern Star TX OK KS Index Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  OUI 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 24 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-OKLAHOMA (SOUTHERN STAR)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-OKLAHOMA (SOUTHERN STAR)-GAS DAILY" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey 
($/MMBtu): Midcontinent: Southern Star: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-SOUTHERN STAR (TEX/OKLA/KAN)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-SOUTHERN STAR (TEX/OKLA/KAN)-INSIDE FERC" means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek 
Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Midcontinent: Southern Star: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  First publication date of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 


18A-167 
 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the 
Contract Period


18A-168 
 
Rule 18.A.081 TCO Index Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  TIS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 72 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-APPALACHIA (COLUMBIA GAS)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-APPALACHIA (COLUMBIA GAS)-GAS DAILY" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey 
($/MMBtu): Appalachia: Columbia Gas, App.: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-COLUMBIA GAS (APPALACHIA)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-COLUMBIA GAS (APPALACHIA)-INSIDE FERC" means that 
the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery 
on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot 
Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Appalachia: Columbia Gas, App.: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  First publication date of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 


18A-169 
 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the 
Contract Period


18A-170 
 
Rule 18.A.082 Tennessee 500L Index Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  TFI 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 24 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-LOUISIANA (TENNESSEE 500 LEG)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-LOUISIANA (TENNESSEE 500 LEG)-GAS DAILY" means that 
the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery 
on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey 
($/MMBtu): Louisiana/Southeast: Tennessee, 500 Leg: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-TENNESSEE GAS (LOUISIANA, 500 LEG)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-TENNESSEE GAS (LOUISIANA, 500 LEG)-INSIDE FERC" 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas 
for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly 
Bidweek Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Louisiana/Southeast: Tennessee, Louisiana, 500 Leg: Index" in 
the issue of Inside FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  First publication date of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 


18A-171 
 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the 
Contract Period


18A-172 
 
Rule 18.A.083 Tennessee Zone 0 Index Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  TZI 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 24 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-SOUTH-CORPUS CHRISTI (TENNESSEE ZONE 0)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-SOUTH-CORPUS CHRISTI (TENNESSEE ZONE 0)-GAS 
DAILY" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of 
natural gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading 
“Daily Price Survey ($/MMBtu): East Texas: Tennessee, zone 0: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily 
that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-TENNESSEE GAS (TEXAS ZONE 0)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-TENNESSEE GAS (TEXAS ZONE 0)-INSIDE FERC" means that 
the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery 
on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot 
Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): East Texas: Tennessee, zone 0: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  First publication date of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 


18A-173 
 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the 
Contract Period


18A-174 
 
Rule 18.A.084 TETCO ELA Index Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  TEI 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 24 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-LOUISIANA (TEXAS EASTERN ELA)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-LOUISIANA (TEXAS EASTERN ELA)-GAS DAILY" means that 
the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery 
on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey 
($/MMBtu): Louisiana/Southeast: Tx. Eastern, ELA: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports 
prices. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-TETCO (E. LOUISIANA ZONE)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-TETCO (E. LOUISIANA ZONE)-INSIDE FERC" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas 
Prices ($/MMBtu): Louisiana/Southeast: Texas Eastern, ELA: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  First publication date of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 


18A-175 
 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the 
Contract Period


18A-176 
 
Rule 18.A.085 TETCO M3 Index Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  MTI 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 48 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-CITYGATES (TEXAS EASTERN ZONE M-3)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-CITYGATES (TEXAS EASTERN ZONE M-3)-GAS DAILY" 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas 
for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price 
Survey ($/MMBtu): Northeast: Tx. Eastern, M-3: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NORTHEAST (TEXAS EASTERN ZONE M-3)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NORTHEAST (TEXAS EASTERN ZONE M-3)-INSIDE FERC" 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas 
for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly 
Bidweek Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Northeast: Texas Eastern, M-3: Index" in the issue of Inside 
FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  First publication date of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 


18A-177 
 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the 
Contract Period


18A-178 
 
Rule 18.A.086 TETCO STX Index Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  SXI 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 24 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-SOUTH-CORPUS CHRISTI (TEXAS EASTERN STX)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-SOUTH-CORPUS CHRISTI (TEXAS EASTERN STX)-GAS 
DAILY" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of 
natural gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading 
“Daily Price Survey ($/MMBtu): East Texas: Tx. Eastern, STX: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily 
that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-TETCO (S. TEXAS ZONE)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-TETCO (S. TEXAS ZONE)-INSIDE FERC" means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas 
Prices ($/MMBtu): East Texas: Texas Eastern, STX: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  First publication date of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 


18A-179 
 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the 
Contract Period


18A-180 
 
Rule 18.A.087 TETCO WLA Index Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  TWI 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 24 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-LOUISIANA (TEXAS EASTERN WLA)-GAS DAILY  
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-LOUISIANA (TEXAS EASTERN WLA)-GAS DAILY" means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Daily price survey 
($/MMBtu): Louisiana-Onshore South: Texas Eastern, WLA: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-TETCO (W. LOUISIANA ZONE)-INSIDE FERC 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-TETCO (W. LOUISIANA ZONE)-INSIDE FERC" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Prices of Spot Gas Delivered 
to Pipelines ($/MMBtu): Texas Eastern Transmission Corp.: West Louisiana zone: Index" in the issue 
of Inside FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  First publication date of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 


18A-181 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the 
Contract Period


18A-182 
 
Rule 18.A.088 TGT Zone 1 Index Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  TGI 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 24 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-EAST TEXAS (TEXAS GAS ZONE 1)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-EAST TEXAS (TEXAS GAS ZONE 1)-GAS DAILY" means that 
the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery 
on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey 
($/MMBtu): Louisiana/Southeast: Tx. Gas, zone 1: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-TGT (ZONE 1)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-TGT (ZONE 1)-INSIDE FERC" means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): 
East Texas: Tx. Gas Zone 1: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports prices effective on that 
Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  First publication date of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 


18A-183 
 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the 
Contract Period


18A-184 
 
Rule 18.A.089 Transco Station 45 (Zone 2) Index Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  TNI 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 24 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-LOUISIANA (TRANSCO ZONE 2)-GAS DAILY  
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-LOUISIANA (TRANSCO ZONE 2)-GAS DAILY" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Daily price survey 
($/MMBtu): Louisiana-Onshore South: Transco, zone 2: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-TRANSCO (ZONE 2)-INSIDE FERC 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-TRANSCO (ZONE 2)-INSIDE FERC" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Prices of Spot Gas Delivered to 
Pipelines ($/MMBtu): Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Corp.: Zone 2: Index" in the issue of Inside 
FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  First publication date of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 


18A-185 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the 
Contract Period


18A-186 
 
Rule 18.A.090 Transco Zone 3 Index Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  SIA 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 48 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-LOUISIANA (TRANSCO ZONE 3)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-LOUISIANA (TRANSCO ZONE 3)-GAS DAILY" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey 
($/MMBtu): Louisiana/Southeast: Transco, zone 3: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-TRANSCO (ZONE 3)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-TRANSCO (ZONE 3)-INSIDE FERC" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas 
Prices ($/MMBtu): Louisiana/Southeast: Transco, zone 3: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  First publication date of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 


18A-187 
 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the 
Contract Period


18A-188 
 
Rule 18.A.091 Transco Station 85 (Zone 4) Index Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  TRI 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 24 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-MISS-ALA (TRANSCO ZONE 4)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-MISS-ALA (TRANSCO ZONE 4)-GAS DAILY" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey 
($/MMBtu): Louisiana/Southeast: Transco, zone 4: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-TGT (ZONE 1)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-TGT (ZONE 1)-INSIDE FERC" means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): 
Louisiana/Southeast: Texas Gas, zone 1: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  First publication date of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 


18A-189 
 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the 
Contract Period


18A-190 
 
Rule 18.A.092 Transco Zone 6 (non NY) Index Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  TPI 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 24 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-CITYGATES (TRANSCO ZONE 6 NON-NY)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-CITYGATES (TRANSCO ZONE 6 NON-NY)-GAS DAILY" 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas 
for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price 
Survey ($/MMBtu): Northeast: Transco, zone 6 non-N.Y.: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NORTHEAST (TRANSCO ZONE 6 NON-N.Y.)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NORTHEAST (TRANSCO ZONE 6 NON-N.Y.)-INSIDE FERC" 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas 
for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly 
Bidweek Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Northeast: Transco, zone 6 non-N.Y.: Index" in the issue of 
Inside FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  First publication date of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 


18A-191 
 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the 
Contract Period


18A-192 
 
Rule 18.A.093 Transco Zone 6 (NY) Index Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NSI 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 48 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-CITYGATES (TRANSCO ZONE 6 NY)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-CITYGATES (TRANSCO ZONE 6 NY)-GAS DAILY" means that 
the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery 
on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey 
($/MMBtu): Northeast: Transco, zone 6 N.Y.: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NORTHEAST (TRANSCO ZONE 6 N.Y.)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NORTHEAST (TRANSCO ZONE 6 N.Y.)-INSIDE FERC" means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek 
Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Northeast: Transco, zone 6 N.Y.: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC 
that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  First publication date of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 


18A-193 
 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the 
Contract Period


18A-194 
 
Rule 18.A.094 Waha Index Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  WAI 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 48 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-PERMIAN BASIN (WAHA)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-PERMIAN BASIN (WAHA)-GAS DAILY" means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey ($/MMBtu): 
Southwest: Waha: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-W. TEXAS (WAHA)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-W. TEXAS (WAHA)-INSIDE FERC" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas 
Prices ($/MMBtu): Southwest: Waha: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports prices effective 
on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  First publication date of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 


18A-195 
 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the 
Contract Period
 


18A-196 
 
Rule 18.A.095 AB NIT Swing Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by 
Canadian Gas Price Reporter for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  ASS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A: NATURAL GAS-ICE-NGX AB-NIT DAY AHEAD (US$/MMBTU)-CANADIAN GAS 
PRICE REPORTER 
 
a) Description: "NATURAL GAS-ICE-NGX AB-NIT DAY AHEAD (US$/MMBTU)-CANADIAN 
GAS PRICE REPORTER" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price 
per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under 
the heading " ICE-NGX AB-NIT Day Ahead Index: Avg. Price US$/MMBtu" in the issue of 
Canadian Gas Price Reporter that reports prices effective for that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Canadian Gas Price Reporter 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The Clearing Organization business day following the second Canadian business day 
following the Last Trading Day


18A-197 
 
Rule 18.A.096 Algonquin Citygates Swing Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by 
Gas Daily for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  ALS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-CITYGATES (ALGONQUIN)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-CITYGATES (ALGONQUIN)-GAS DAILY" means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey ($/MMBtu): 
Northeast: Algonquin, city-gates: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective on 
that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18A-198 
 
Rule 18.A.097 ANR SE (Louisiana) Swing Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by 
Gas Daily for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  APS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-LOUISIANA (ANR)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-LOUISIANA (ANR)-GAS DAILY" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey ($/MMBtu): 
Louisiana/Southeast: ANR, La.: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective on 
that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18A-199 
 
Rule 18.A.098 ANR SW (Oklahoma) Swing Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by 
Gas Daily for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  AOS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-OKLAHOMA (ANR)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-OKLAHOMA (ANR)-GAS DAILY" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey ($/MMBtu): 
Midcontinent: ANR, Okla.: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective on that 
Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18A-200 
 
Rule 18.A.099 Enable Gas Swing Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by 
Gas Daily for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  CTS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-OKLAHOMA (ENABLE GAS EAST)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-OKLAHOMA (ENABLE GAS EAST)-GAS DAILY" means that 
the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery 
on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey 
($/MMBtu): Midcontinent: Enable Gas, East: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18A-201 
 
Rule 18.A.100 CG-Mainline Swing Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by 
Gas Daily for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  CGR 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-LOUISIANA (COLUMBIA GULF MAINLINE)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-LOUISIANA (COLUMBIA GULF MAINLINE)-GAS DAILY" 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas 
for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price 
Survey ($/MMBtu): Louisiana/Southeast: Columbia Gulf, mainline: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas 
Daily that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18A-202 
 
Rule 18.A.101 Chicago Swing Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by 
Gas Daily for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  CSS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-CITYGATES (CHICAGO)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-CITYGATES (CHICAGO)-GAS DAILY" means that the price for 
a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey ($/MMBtu): 
Upper Midwest: Chicago city-gates: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective 
on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18A-203 
 
Rule 18.A.102 CIG Rockies Swing Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by 
Gas Daily for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  CRS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-ROCKIES (CIG ROCKY MOUNTAINS)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-ROCKIES (CIG ROCKY MOUNTAINS)-GAS DAILY" means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price 
Survey ($/MMBtu): Rockies/Northwest: CIG, Rockies: Midpoint " in the issue of Gas Daily that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18A-204 
 
Rule 18.A.103 Eastern Gas South Swing Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by 
Gas Daily for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  DSS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-APPALACHIA (EASTERN GAS-SOUTH)-GAS DAILY  
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-APPALACHIA (EASTERN GAS-SOUTH)-GAS DAILY" means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Daily price survey 
($/MMBtu): Appalachia: Eastern Gas South: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18A-205 
 
Rule 18.A.104 EP Permian Swing Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by 
Gas Daily for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PES 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-PERMIAN BASIN (EL PASO)-GAS DAILY  
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-PERMIAN BASIN (EL PASO)-GAS DAILY" means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey ($/MMBtu): 
Southwest: El Paso, Permian: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective on that 
Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18A-206 
 
Rule 18.A.105 EP San Juan Swing Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by 
Gas Daily for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  SNS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-NEW MEXICO (EL PASO, SAN JUAN)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NEW MEXICO (EL PASO SAN JUAN)-GAS DAILY" means that 
the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery 
on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey 
($/MMBtu): Southwest: El Paso, San Juan: Midpoint " in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18A-207 
 
Rule 18.A.106 Florida Gas Zone 3 Swing Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by 
Gas Daily for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  FTS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-LOUISIANA (FLORIDA GAS ZONE 3)-GAS DAILY  
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-LOUISIANA (FLORIDA GAS ZONE 3)-GAS DAILY" means that 
the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery 
on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Daily price survey 
($/MMBtu): Louisiana/Southeast: Florida Gas, zone 3: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18A-208 
 
Rule 18.A.107 Henry Swing Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by 
Gas Daily for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  HHD 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-LOUISIANA (HENRY HUB)-GAS DAILY  
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-LOUISIANA (HENRY HUB)-GAS DAILY" means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Daily price survey ($/MMBtu): 
Louisiana/Southeast: Henry Hub: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective on 
that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18A-209 
 
Rule 18.A.108 HSC Swing Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by 
Gas Daily for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  UCS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-E. HOUSTON-KATY (HOUSTON SHIP CHANNEL)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-E. HOUSTON-KATY (HOUSTON SHIP CHANNEL)-GAS 
DAILY" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of 
natural gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading 
“Daily Price Survey ($/MMBtu): East Texas: Houston Ship Channel: Midpoint " in the issue of Gas 
Daily that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18A-210 
 
Rule 18.A.109 Lebanon Swing Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by 
Gas Daily for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  LBN 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-APPALACHIA (LEBANON HUB)-GAS DAILY  
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-APPALACHIA (LEBANON HUB)-GAS DAILY" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Daily price survey 
($/MMBtu): Appalachia: Lebanon Hub: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18A-211 
 
Rule 18.A.110 Malin Swing Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by 
Gas Daily for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  MSS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-OTHERS (PG&E MALIN)-GAS DAILY  
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-OTHERS (PG&E MALIN)-GAS DAILY" means that the price for 
a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey ($/MMBtu): 
Rockies/Northwest: PG&E, Malin: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective 
on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18A-212 
 
Rule 18.A.111 Michcon Swing Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by 
Gas Daily for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NMS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-CITYGATES (MICH CON)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-CITYGATES (MICH CON)-GAS DAILY" means that the price for 
a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey ($/MMBtu): 
Upper Midwest: Mich Con city-gate: Midpoint " in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective 
on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18A-213 
 
Rule 18.A.112 NGPL Midcont Swing Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by 
Gas Daily for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  MTS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-OKLAHOMA (NGPL)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-OKLAHOMA (NGPL)-GAS DAILY" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey ($/MMBtu): 
Midcontinent: NGPL, Midcontinent: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective 
on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18A-214 
 
Rule 18.A.113 NGPL STX Swing Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by 
Gas Daily for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NXS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-SOUTH-CORPUS CHRISTI (NGPL STX)-GAS DAILY  
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-SOUTH-CORPUS CHRISTI (NGPL STX)-GAS DAILY" means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Daily price survey 
($/MMBtu): South-Corpus Christi: NGPL, STX: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18A-215 
 
Rule 18.A.114 NGPL TXOK Swing Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by 
Gas Daily for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NTS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-EAST TEXAS (NGPL TEXOK)-GAS DAILY  
a) 
Description:  "NATURAL GAS-EAST TEXAS (NGPL TEXOK)-GAS DAILY" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey 
($/MMBtu): East Texas: NGPL, Texok zone: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18A-216 
 
Rule 18.A.115 NNG Demarc Swing Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by 
Gas Daily for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  DES 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-OTHERS (DEMARCATION)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-OTHERS (DEMARCATION)-GAS DAILY" means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey ($/MMBtu): 
Upper Midwest: Northern, demarc: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective 
on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18A-217 
 
Rule 18.A.116 NNG Ventura Swing Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by 
Gas Daily for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NNS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-OTHERS (VENTURA)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-OTHERS (VENTURA)-GAS DAILY" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey ($/MMBtu): 
Upper Midwest: Northern, Ventura: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective 
on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18A-218 
 
Rule 18.A.117 NWP Rockies Swing Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by 
Gas Daily for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  RSS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-ROCKIES (KERN RIVER OPAL PLANT)-GAS DAILY  
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-ROCKIES (KERN RIVER OPAL PLANT)-GAS DAILY" means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price 
Survey ($/MMBtu): Rockies/Northwest: Kern River, Opal: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18A-219 
 
Rule 18.A.118 NWP Sumas Swing Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by 
Gas Daily for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NSS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-CANADIAN GAS (NORTHWEST SUMAS)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-CANADIAN GAS (NORTHWEST SUMAS)-GAS DAILY" means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price 
Survey ($/MMBtu): Rockies/Northwest: NW, Can. bdr. (Sumas): Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily 
that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18A-220 
 
Rule 18.A.119 ONEOK Gas Swing Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by 
Gas Daily for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  ONS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-OKLAHOMA (ONEOK OKLA)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-OKLAHOMA (ONEOK OKLA)-GAS DAILY" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey 
($/MMBtu): Midcontinent: Oneok, Okla.: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18A-221 
 
Rule 18.A.120 Panhandle Swing Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by 
Gas Daily for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PSS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-OKLAHOMA (PANHANDLE)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-OKLAHOMA (PANHANDLE)-GAS DAILY" means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey ($/MMBtu): 
Midcontinent: Panhandle, Tx.-Okla.: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective 
on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18A-222 
 
Rule 18.A.121 PG&E Citygate Swing Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by 
Gas Daily for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PIG 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-CITYGATES (PG&E)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-CITYGATES (PG&E)-GAS DAILY" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey ($/MMBtu): 
Southwest: PG&E city-gate: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective on that 
Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18A-223 
 
Rule 18.A.122 Socal Border Swing Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by 
Gas Daily for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  SSS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-OTHERS (SOCAL GAS)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-OTHERS (SOCAL GAS)-GAS DAILY" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey ($/MMBtu): 
Southwest: SoCal Gas: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective on that 
Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18A-224 
 
Rule 18.A.123 Socal Citygate Swing Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by 
Gas Daily for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  SCS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-CITYGATES (SOCAL)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-CITYGATES (SOCAL)-GAS DAILY" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey ($/MMBtu): 
Southwest: SoCal Gas, city-gate: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective on 
that Pricing Date. 
 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18A-225 
 
Rule 18.A.124 Sonat Swing Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by 
Gas Daily for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  SOS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-LOUISIANA (SOUTHERN NATURAL)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-LOUISIANA (SOUTHERN NATURAL)-GAS DAILY" means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price 
Survey ($/MMBtu): Louisiana/Southeast: Southern Natural, La.: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily 
that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18A-226 
 
Rule 18.A.125 Southern Star TX OK KS Swing Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by 
Gas Daily for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  OUS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-OKLAHOMA (SOUTHERN STAR)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-OKLAHOMA (SOUTHERN STAR)-GAS DAILY" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey 
($/MMBtu): Midcontinent: Southern Star: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18A-227 
 
Rule 18.A.126 TCO Swing Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by 
Gas Daily for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  CGS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-APPALACHIA (COLUMBIA GAS)-GAS DAILY  
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-APPALACHIA (COLUMBIA GAS)-GAS DAILY" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Daily price survey 
($/MMBtu): Appalachia: Columbia Gas, App.: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18A-228 
 
Rule 18.A.127 Tennessee-Zone 0 Swing Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by 
Gas Daily for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  TZR 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-SOUTH-CORPUS CHRISTI (TENNESSEE ZONE 0)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-SOUTH-CORPUS CHRISTI (TENNESSEE ZONE 0)-GAS 
DAILY" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of 
natural gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading 
“Daily Price Survey ($/MMBtu): East Texas: Tennessee, zone 0: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily 
that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18A-229 
 
Rule 18.A.128 TETCO M3 Swing Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by 
Gas Daily for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  TSS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-CITYGATES (TEXAS EASTERN ZONE M-3)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-CITYGATES (TEXAS EASTERN ZONE M-3)-GAS DAILY" 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas 
for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price 
Survey ($/MMBtu): Northeast: Tx. Eastern, M-3: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18A-230 
 
Rule 18.A.129 TETCO STX Swing Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by 
Gas Daily for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  SXC 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-SOUTH-CORPUS CHRISTI (TEXAS EASTERN STX)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-SOUTH-CORPUS CHRISTI (TEXAS EASTERN STX)-GAS 
DAILY" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of 
natural gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading 
“Daily Price Survey ($/MMBtu): East Texas: Tx. Eastern, STX: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily 
that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18A-231 
 
Rule 18.A.130 TGT Zone 1 Swing Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by 
Gas Daily for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  TGS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-EAST TEXAS (TEXAS GAS ZONE 1)-GAS DAILY  
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-EAST TEXAS (TEXAS GAS ZONE 1)-GAS DAILY" means that 
the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery 
on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey 
($/MMBtu): Louisiana/Southeast: Tx. Gas, zone 1: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18A-232 
 
Rule 18.A.131 Transco Zone 3 Swing Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by 
Gas Daily for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  SSA 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-LOUISIANA (TRANSCO ZONE 3)-GAS DAILY  
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-LOUISIANA (TRANSCO ZONE 3)-GAS DAILY" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Daily price survey 
($/MMBtu): Louisiana-Onshore South: Transco, zone 3: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18A-233 
 
Rule 18.A.132 Transco Station 85 (Zone 4) Swing Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by 
Gas Daily for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  TRW 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-MISS-ALA (TRANSCO ZONE 4)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-MISS-ALA (TRANSCO ZONE 4)-GAS DAILY" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey 
($/MMBtu): Louisiana/Southeast: Transco, zone 4: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18A-234 
 
Rule 18.A.133 Transco Zone 6 (non NY) Swing Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by 
Gas Daily for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  TPS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-CITYGATES (TRANSCO ZONE 6 NON-NY)-GAS DAILY  
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-CITYGATES (TRANSCO ZONE 6 NON-NY)-GAS DAILY" 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas 
for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price 
Survey ($/MMBtu): Northeast: Transco, zone 6 non-N.Y.: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18A-235 
 
Rule 18.A.134 Transco Zone 6 (NY) Swing Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by 
Gas Daily for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  ZSS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-CITYGATES (TRANSCO ZONE 6 NY)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-CITYGATES (TRANSCO ZONE 6 NY)-GAS DAILY" means that 
the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery 
on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey 
($/MMBtu): Northeast: Transco, zone 6 N.Y.: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18A-236 
 
Rule 18.A.135 Waha Swing Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by 
Gas Daily for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  WAS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-PERMIAN BASIN (WAHA)-GAS DAILY  
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-PERMIAN BASIN (WAHA)-GAS DAILY" means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey ($/MMBtu): 
Southwest: Waha: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day
 
 
 


18A-237 
 
Rule 18.A.136 AB NIT ICE-NGX Same Day 5a Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the monthly price 
published by Canadian Gas Price Reporter for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NGA 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 GJ 
Currency:  CAD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
GJ; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 48 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A: NATURAL GAS-ICE-NGX AB-NIT SAME DAY INDEX 5A (C$/GJ)-CANADIAN 
GAS PRICE REPORTER 
a) Description: “NATURAL GAS- ICE-NGX AB-NIT SAME DAY INDEX 5A (C$/GJ)-
CANADIAN GAS PRICE REPORTER” means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per GJ of natural gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in Canadian Dollars, 
published under the heading "Monthly Canadian and U.S. natural gas price summary: Alberta Daily 
Spot Price Averages (7A2): ICE-NGX AB-NIT Same Day Index (5A) C$/GJ" in the issue of 
Canadian Gas Price Reporter that reports prices effective for that Pricing Date. 
 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Canadian Gas Price Reporter 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The first Clearing Organization business day following the first Canadian business day 
following the Last Trading Day


18A-238 
 
Rule 18.A.137 EP San Juan Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the monthly price 
published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  OPU 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 60 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-EL PASO (SAN JUAN BASIN)-INSIDE FERC 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-EL PASO (SAN JUAN BASIN)-INSIDE FERC" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Prices of spot gas delivered to 
pipelines ($/MMBtu): El Paso Natural Gas Co.: San Juan Basin: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC 
that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  First publication date of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18A-239 
 
Rule 18.A.138 Henry Calendar Year One Time Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the monthly price 
published by NYMEX for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  HHC 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 120 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  Three Business Days prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract 
for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The first Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18A-240 
 
Rule 18.A.139 Henry LD1 Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the monthly price 
published by NYMEX for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  H 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One tenth of a cent ($0.001) per MMBtu; 
minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 156 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  Three Business Days prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract 
for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The first Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18A-241 
 
Rule 18.A.140 Henry LD1 Same Day Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the monthly price published 
by NYMEX for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  SDH 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  6 consecutive Business Day Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day equal to the the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  First Nearby Month 
Final Payment Date:  The first Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18A-242 
 
Rule 18.A.141 Henry LD4 Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the monthly price 
published by NYMEX for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  QHH 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 24 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  Six Business Days prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Three Business Days prior to the last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry 
Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The first Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18A-243 
 
Rule 18.A.142 Henry Penultimate Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the monthly price 
published by NYMEX for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PHH 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 84 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  Four Business Days prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  One Business Day prior to the last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub 
Natural Gas Futures Contract for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The first Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18A-244 
 
Rule 18.A.143 Panhandle Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the monthly price 
published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  OPP 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 60 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-PEPL (TEXOK MAINLINE)-INSIDE FERC 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-PEPL (TEXOK MAINLINE)-INSIDE FERC" means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Prices of Spot Gas Delivered to 
Pipelines ($/MMBtu): Panhandle Eastern Pipe Line Co.: Texas, Oklahoma (mainline): Index" in the 
issue of Inside FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  First publication date of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18A-245 
 
Rule 18.A.144 Socal Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the monthly price 
published by NGI for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  OPS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 60 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-CALIFORNIA (SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA BDR. AVG.)-NGI 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-CALIFORNIA (SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA BDR. AVG.)-NGI " 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas 
for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Spot Gas 
Prices: California: Southern Cal. Border Avg.: avg." in the issue of NGI's Bidweek Survey that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  First publication date of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Average 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NGI 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day
 


18A-246 
 
 Rule 18.A.145 Henry Penultimate 1-Month Calendar Spread Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by NYMEX for the Second Nearby Month, as specified in Reference 
Price B,  from the monthly price published by NYMEX for the First Nearby Month, as specified in Reference 
Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  HHM 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 72 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  Four Business Days prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  One Business Day prior to the last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub 
Natural Gas Futures Contract for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  One Business Day prior to the last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub 
Natural Gas Futures Contract for the Contract Period 


18A-247 
 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Second Nearby Month 
Final Payment Date:  The first Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18A-248 
 
 Rule 18.A.146 Henry Penultimate 3-Month Calendar Spread Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by NYMEX for the Fourth Nearby Month, as specified in Reference Price 
B,  from the monthly price published by NYMEX for the First Nearby Month, as specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  HMT 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 72 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  Four Business Days prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  One Business Day prior to the last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub 
Natural Gas Futures Contract for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  One Business Day prior to the last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub 
Natural Gas Futures Contract for the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 


18A-249 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Fourth Nearby Month 
Final Payment Date:  The first Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18A-250 
 
 Rule 18.A.147 Henry Penultimate 6-Month Calendar Spread Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by NYMEX for the Seventh Nearby Month, as specified in Reference 
Price B,  from the monthly price published by NYMEX for the First Nearby Month, as specified in Reference 
Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  HMX 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 72 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  Four Business Days prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  One Business Day prior to the last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub 
Natural Gas Futures Contract for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  One Business Day prior to the last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub 
Natural Gas Futures Contract for the Contract Period 


18A-251 
 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Seventh Nearby Month 
Final Payment Date:  The first Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day
 


 
 
18.A.148 
Iroquois (Into) Basis (Platts) Future 
 
Contract Description:   
 
A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of subtracting the price of 
the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, from the monthly price 
published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol:  IRB 
 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 84 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-NORTHEAST-(IROQUOIS, RECEIPTS)-INSIDE FERC 
 
a) Description: "NATURAL GAS-NORTHEAST-(IROQUOIS, RECEIPTS)-INSIDE FERC means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek 
Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Northeast: Iroquois, receipts: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  First publication date of Contract Period 
 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract period 
 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract for 
the Delivery Date 


 
 
 
c) Specified Price:  Settlement price 
 
d) Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
 
 Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 


 
 
18.A.149 
Iroquois-Z2 Basis (Platts) Future 
Contract Description:   
 
A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of subtracting the price of 
the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, from the monthly price 
published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol:  IZB 
 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18.. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 84 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-NORTHEAST (IROQUOIS, ZONE 2)-INSIDE FERC 
 
a) Description: "NATURAL GAS-NORTHEAST (IROQUOIS, ZONE 2)-INSIDE FERC means that 
the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery 
on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot 
Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Northeast: Iroquois, zone 2: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b)   Pricing Date:  First publication date of Contract Period 
 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract period 
 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract for 
the Delivery Date 
 


 
 
c) Specified Price:  Settlement price 
 
d) Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.150 
Reserved 
18.A.151 
Iroquois (Into) Swing (Platts) Future 
 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by 
Gas Daily for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol:  IRS 
 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; Minimum Price Fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table A in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 
18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period  
 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-CANADIAN GAS (IROQUOIS, RECEIPTS)-GAS DAILY 
 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-CANADIAN GAS (IROQUOIS, RECEIPTS)-GAS DAILY" means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery 
on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey 
($/MMBtu): Northeast: Iroquois, receipts: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective 
on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  Midpoint 
 
d) Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 


 
 
18.A.152 
Iroquois-Z2 Swing (Platts) Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by 
Gas Daily for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol:  IZS 
 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; Minimum Price Fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table A in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 
18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period  
 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-CITYGATES (IROQUOIS, ZONE 2)-GAS DAILY  
 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-CITYGATES (IROQUOIS, ZONE 2)-GAS DAILY" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey ($/MMBtu): 
Northeast: Iroquois, zone 2: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective on that 
Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  Midpoint 
 
d) Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


 
 
18.A.153 - Reserved 
 
18.A.154 
Iroquois (Into) Index (Platts) Future 
 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol:  IRI 
 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; Minimum Price Fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table A in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 
18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 36 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement:  Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-CANADIAN GAS (IROQUOIS, RECEIPTS)-GAS DAILY 
 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-CANADIAN GAS (IROQUOIS, RECEIPTS)-GAS DAILY" means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery 
on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey 
($/MMBtu): Northeast: Iroquois, receipts: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective 
on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  Midpoint 
 
d) Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NORTHEAST-(IROQUOIS, RECEIPTS)-INSIDE FERC 
 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NORTHEAST-(IROQUOIS, RECEIPTS)-INSIDE FERC means that 
the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas Prices 
($/MMBtu): Northeast: Iroquois, receipts: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports prices effective 
on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  First publication date of the Contract Period 


 
 
c) Specified Price:  Index  
 
d) Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the 
Contract Period 


 
 
18.A.155 
Iroquois-Z2 Index (Platts) Future 
 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol:  IZI 
 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; Minimum Price Fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table A in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 
18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 36 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement:  Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-CITYGATES (IROQUOIS, ZONE 2)-GAS DAILY 
 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-CITYGATES (IROQUOIS, ZONE 2)-GAS DAILY" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey 
($/MMBtu): Northeast: Iroquois, zone 2: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Each date that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d) Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e) Delivery Date:  Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NORTHEAST (IROQUOIS, ZONE 2)-INSIDE FERC 
 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NORTHEAST (IROQUOIS, ZONE 2)-INSIDE FERC means that 
the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery 
on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot 
Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Northeast: Iroquois, zone 2: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  First publication date of the Contract Period 
c) Specified Price:  Index  
 


 
 
d) Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
 
 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the 
Contract Period 


 
 
18.A.156 
US EIA Financial Weekly Index 
 
Contract Description: Cleared market for the change in 1 Billion Cubic Feet (BCF) of the Natural Gas Financial 
Weekly Gas Storage Inventory Number as reported by U.S. Energy Information Administration (EIA) Weekly 
Natural Gas Report 
Contract Symbol: EII 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement  
Contract Size: $1,000  
Currency: USD  
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be 1 BCF per $1,000; minimum price 
fluctuation may vary by trade type.  Please see table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 5 weeks of the EIA Weekly Gas Storage Inventory Number, or as otherwise determined by 
the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day: Trading shall cease at 10:28 am EPT the day of the EIA Storage Number. 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
Reference Price A: NATURAL GAS-WEEKLY NATURAL GAS STORAGE REPORT-U.S. ENERGY 
INFORMATION ADMINISTRATION 
a) Description: "NATURAL GAS-WEEKLY NATURAL GAS STORAGE REPORT-U.S. ENERGY 
INFORMATION ADMINISTRATION" shall mean that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price of natural gas for the Delivery Date, stated in billion cubic feet (BCF), published on 
the EIA website: http://ir.eia.gov/ngs/ngs.html.  
b)  Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period. 
c)  Specified Price: The implied flow estimate, excluding reclassifications in BCF as estimated by the 
EIA using both a 12-month moving average of working gas volumes and the latest weekly data for 
the previous week ending on Friday.  The standard release time is 10:30 am  EPT on Thursdays, with 
the following exceptions listed on their website.  http://ir.eia.gov/ngs/schedule.html  
d)  Pricing Calendar: EIA Weekly Natural Gas Report  
e) Delivery Date: Week ending on the Friday prior to the Contract Period. 
Final Payment Date: One Clearing House Business Day after the Last Trading Day 


 
 
18.A.157 EIA End of Draw Index Future 
Contract Description:  Cleared market for the total working gas in underground storage for the lower 48 states, 
in 1 Billion Cubic Feet (BCF) as reported by U.S. Energy Information Administration (EIA) Weekly Natural Gas 
Report 
Contract Symbol:  EIR 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  $10 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be 1 BCF per $10; minimum price 
fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  The current natural gas withdrawal season, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  Trading shall cease at 10:28 am EPT on the second EIA Weekly Natural Gas Report in 
April. 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A  
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-WEEKLY NATURAL GAS STORAGE REPORT-U.S. ENERGY 
INFORMATION ADMINISTRATION 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-WEEKLY NATURAL GAS STORAGE REPORT-U.S. ENERGY 
INFORMATION ADMINISTRATION" shall mean that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price of natural gas for the Delivery Date, stated in billion cubic feet (BCF), published on the 
EIA website: http://www.eia.gov/dnav/ng/ng_stor_wkly_s1_w.htm 
 
b) Pricing Date:  First publication date of Contract Period 
 
c) Specified Price:  The total working gas in storage for the lower 48 states, as estimated by the EIA using 
both a 12-month moving average of working gas volumes and the latest weekly data for the previous 
week ending on Friday. The standard release time is 10:30 am EPT on Thursdays, with the following 
exceptions listed on their website. http://ir.eia.gov/ngs/schedule.html 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  EIA Weekly Natural Gas Report 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Week ending on the Friday prior to the contract period 
 
Final Payment Date:  One Clearing House Business Day after the Last Trading Day 


 
 
18.A.158 EIA End of Storage Index Future 
Contract Description:  Cleared market for the total working gas in underground storage for the lower 48 states, 
in 1 Billion Cubic Feet (BCF) as reported by U.S. Energy Information Administration (EIA) Weekly Natural Gas 
Report 
Contract Symbol:  EIO 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  $10 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be 1 BCF per $10; minimum price 
fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  The current natural gas injection season, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day:  Trading shall cease at 10:28 am EPT on the second EIA Weekly Natural Gas Report in 
November 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A  
REFERENCE PRICE A:  NATURAL GAS-WEEKLY NATURAL GAS STORAGE REPORT-U.S. ENERGY 
INFORMATION ADMINISTRATION 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-WEEKLY NATURAL GAS STORAGE REPORT-U.S. ENERGY 
INFORMATION ADMINISTRATION" shall mean that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price of natural gas for the Delivery Date, stated in billion cubic feet (BCF), published on the 
EIA website: http://www.eia.gov/dnav/ng/ng_stor_wkly_s1_w.htm 
 
b) Pricing Date:  First publication date of Contract Period 
 
c) Specified Price:  The total working gas in storage for the lower 48 states, as estimated by the EIA using 
both a 12-month moving average of working gas volumes and the latest weekly data for the previous 
week ending on Friday. The standard release time is 10:30 am EPT on Thursdays, with the following 
exceptions listed on their website. http://ir.eia.gov/ngs/schedule.html 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  EIA Weekly Natural Gas Report 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Week ending on the Friday prior to the contract period 
 
Final Payment Date:  One Clearing House Business Day after the Last Trading Day 


 
 
18.A.159 TETCO M2 Basis Future (Receipts) 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  BM2 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 84 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
REFERENCE PRICE A:  NATURAL GAS-TEXAS EASTERN TRANSMISSION CORP. (M-2 RECEIPTS)-
INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-TEXAS EASTERN TRANSMISSION CORP. (M-2 RECEIPTS)-
INSIDE FERC” means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of 
natural gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading 
“Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Appalachia: Texas Eastern, M-2 receipts: Index" in the 
issue of Inside FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
 
c) Specified Price: Index 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  Inside FERC 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
 
REFERENCE PRICE B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract for 
the Delivery Date 
 


 
 
c) Specified Price:  Settlement price 
 
d) Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.160 Reserved 
18.A.161 Transco Leidy Basis Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  YQB 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 120 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPE LINE, LEIDY LINE RECEIPTS-
INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  “NATURAL GAS-TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPE LINE, LEIDY LINE RECEIPTS-
INSIDE FERC” means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of 
natural gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading 
“Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Appalachia: Transco, Leidy Line receipts: Index" in the 
issue of Inside FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  First publication date of Contract Period 
 
c) Specified Price:  Index 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  Inside FERC 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
 


 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract for 
the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  Settlement price 
 
d) Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 


 
 
18.A.162 Transco Leidy Swing Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by 
Gas Daily for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  YQS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-APPALACHIA, TRANSCO, LEIDY LINE RECEIPTS-GAS DAILY 
a) Description:  “NATURAL GAS-APPALACHIA, TRANSCO, LEIDY LINE RECEIPTS-GAS DAILY " 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Daily price survey 
($/MMBtu): Appalachia: Transco, Leidy Line receipts: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  Midpoint 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  Gas Daily 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 


 
 
18.A.163 Transco Leidy Index Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  YQI 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 120 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-APPALACHIA, TRANSCO, LEIDY LINE RECEIPTS-GAS DAILY 
a) Description:  “NATURAL GAS-APPALACHIA, TRANSCO, LEIDY LINE RECEIPTS-GAS DAILY " 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey 
($/MMBtu): Appalachia: Transco, Leidy Line receipts: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  Midpoint 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  Gas Daily 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPE LINE, LEIDY LINE RECEIPTS-
INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  “NATURAL GAS-TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPE LINE, LEIDY LINE RECEIPTS-
INSIDE FERC” means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of 
natural gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading 
“Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Appalachia: Transco, Leidy Line receipts: Index " in the 
issue of Inside FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  First publication date of Contract Period 


 
 
 
c) Specified Price:  Index 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  Inside FERC 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.164 Tennessee Zone 4 300L Basis Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  DMR 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 120 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-TENNESSEE GAS PIPELINE CO., ZONE 4-300 LEG-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-TENNESSEE GAS PIPELINE CO., ZONE 4-300 LEG-INSIDE 
FERC” means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural 
gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly 
Bidweek Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Appalachia: Tennessee, zone 4-300 leg: Index" in the issue of 
Inside FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  First publication date of Contract Period 
 
c) Specified Price:  Index 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  Inside FERC 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract for 
the Delivery Date 
 


 
 
c) Specified Price:  Settlement price 
 
d) Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.165 Tennessee Zone 4 300L Swing Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by 
Gas Daily for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  DMS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-APPALACHIA, TENNESSEE, ZONE 4-300 LEG-GAS DAILY 
a) Description:  “NATURAL GAS-APPALACHIA, TENNESSEE, ZONE 4-300 LEG-GAS DAILY " 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Daily price survey 
($/MMBtu): Appalachia: Tennessee, zone 4-300 leg: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  Midpoint 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  Gas Daily 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.166 Tennessee Zone 4 300L Index Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  DMQ 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 120 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-APPALACHIA, TENNESSEE, ZONE 4-300 LEG-GAS DAILY 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-LOUISIANA (FLORIDA GAS ZONE 3)-GAS DAILY" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey ($/MMBtu): 
Appalachia: Tennessee, zone 4-300 leg: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective 
on that Pricing Date. 
 
a) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
b) Specified Price:  Midpoint 
 
c) Pricing calendar:  Gas Daily 
 
d) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-TENNESSEE GAS PIPELINE CO., ZONE 4-300 LEG-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-TENNESSEE GAS PIPELINE CO., ZONE 4-300 LEG-INSIDE 
FERC” means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural 
gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly 
Bidweek Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Appalachia: Tennessee, zone 4-300 leg: Index" in the issue of 
Inside FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  First publication date of Contract Period 
 


 
 
c) Specified Price:  Index 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  Inside FERC 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.167 Transco Zone 5 Basis Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  DKR 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 120 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPE LINE, ZONE 5 DELIVERED-
INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  “NATURAL GAS-TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPE LINE, ZONE 5 DELIVERED-
INSIDE FERC” means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of 
natural gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading 
“Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Northeast: Transco, zone 5 del.: Index" in the issue of 
Inside FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  First publication date of Contract Period 
 
c) Specified Price:  Index 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  Inside FERC 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
 


 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract for 
the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  Settlement price 
 
d) Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.168 Transco Zone 5 Swing Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by 
Gas Daily for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  DKS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-CITYGATES, TRANSCO, ZONE 5 DEL.-GAS DAILY 
a) Description:  “NATURAL GAS-CITYGATES, TRANSCO, ZONE 5 DEL.-GAS DAILY" means that 
the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey ($/MMBtu): 
Northeast: Transco, zone 5 del.: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective on that 
Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  Midpoint 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  Gas Daily 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.169 Transco Zone 5 Index Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  DKT 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 120 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-CITYGATES, TRANSCO, ZONE 5 DEL.-GAS DAILY 
a) Description:  “NATURAL GAS-CITYGATES, TRANSCO, ZONE 5 DEL.-GAS DAILY" means that 
the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey ($/MMBtu): 
Northeast: Transco, zone 5 del.: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective on that 
Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  Midpoint 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  Gas Daily 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPE LINE, ZONE 5 DELIVERED-
INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  “NATURAL GAS-TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPE LINE, ZONE 5 DELIVERED-
INSIDE FERC” means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of 
natural gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading 
“Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Northeast: Transco, zone 5 del.: Index" in the issue of 
Inside FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 


 
 
b) Pricing Date:  First publication date of Contract Period 
 
c) Specified Price:  Index 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  Inside FERC 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.170 TETCO M2 Swing Future (Receipts) 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by 
Gas Daily for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  BM3 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-APPALACHIA (TEXAS EASTERN, M-2 RECEIPTS)-GAS DAILY 
a) Description:  “NATURAL GAS-APPALACHIA (TEXAS EASTERN, M-2 RECEIPTS)-GAS DAILY " 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Daily price survey 
($/MMBtu): Appalachia: Texas Eastern: M-2 receipts: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  Midpoint 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  Gas Daily 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.171 TETCO M2 Index Future (Receipts) 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  MB4 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 120 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-APPALACHIA (TEXAS EASTERN, M-2 RECEIPTS)-GAS DAILY 
a) Description:  “NATURAL GAS-APPALACHIA (TEXAS EASTERN, M-2 RECEIPTS)-GAS DAILY " 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey 
($/MMBtu): Appalachia: Texas Eastern, M-2 receipts: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  Midpoint 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  Gas Daily 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-TEXAS EASTERN TRANSMISSION CORP. (M-2 RECEIPTS)-INSIDE 
FERC 
a) Description:  “NATURAL GAS-TEXAS EASTERN TRANSMISSION CORP. (M-2 RECEIPTS)-
INSIDE FERC” means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of 
natural gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading 
“Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Appalachia: Texas Eastern, M-2 receipts: Index” in the 
issue of Inside FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 


 
 
b) Pricing Date:  First publication date of Contract Period 
 
c) Specified Price:  Index 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  Inside FERC 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.172 Henry LD1 Fixed Price Future 25K 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the monthly price 
published by NYMEX for the location specified in Reference Price A 
Contract Symbol:  HHL 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  25,000 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One tenth of a cent ($0.001) per MMBtu; 
minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 156 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Last Trading Day:  Three Business Days prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A   
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract for 
the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  Settlement Price 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  NYMEX 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract period 
 
Final Payment Date:  The first Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.173 Henry Penultimate Fixed Price Future 25K 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the monthly price 
published by NYMEX for the location specified in Reference Price A 
Contract Symbol:  HHP 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  25,000 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 84 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Last Trading Day:  Four Business Days prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A   
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date 
 
b) Pricing Date:  One Business Day prior to the last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub 
Natural Gas Futures Contract for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  Settlement Price 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  NYMEX 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract period 
 
Final Payment Date:  The first Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 


 
 
18.A.174 REX Zone 3 Basis Future  
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  REX 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtu 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 120 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-UPPER MIDWEST, REX, ZONE 3 DELIVERED-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  “NATURAL GAS-UPPER MIDWEST, REX, ZONE 3 DELIVERED-INSIDE FERC” 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek 
Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Upper Midwest: REX, zone 3 delivered: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC 
that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  First publication date of Contract Period 
c) Specified Price:  Index 
d) Pricing calendar:  Inside FERC 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract for 
the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Settlement price 


 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  NYMEX 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.175 REX Zone 3 Index Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  REI 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtu 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 120 consecutive monthly Contract Periods , or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-OTHERS, REX, ZONE 3-GAS DAILY 
a) Description:  “NATURAL GAS-OTHERS, REX, ZONE 3-GAS DAILY " means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey ($/MMBtu): Upper 
Midwest: REX, Zone 3 delivered: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective on that 
Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d) Pricing calendar:  Gas Daily 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-UPPER MIDWEST, REX, ZONE 3-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  “NATURAL GAS-UPPER MIDWEST, REX, ZONE 3-INSIDE FERC” means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas Prices 
($/MMBtu): Upper Midwest: REX, zone 3 delivered: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  First publication date of Contract Period 
c) Specified Price:  Index 
d) Pricing calendar:  Inside FERC 


 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.176 REX Zone 3 Swing Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by 
Gas Daily for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  RES 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtu 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-OTHERS, REX, ZONE 3-GAS DAILY 
a) Description:  “NATURAL GAS-OTHERS, REX, ZONE 3-GAS DAILY " means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Daily Price Survey ($/MMBtu): Upper 
Midwest: REX, Zone 3 delivered: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective on that 
Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d) Pricing calendar:  Gas Daily 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.177 Henry Penultimate 4-Month Calendar Spread Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by NYMEX for the Fifth Nearby Month, as specified in Reference Price 
B, from the monthly price published by NYMEX for the First Nearby Month, as specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  HHR 
Settlement Method:  Cash Settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 72 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  Four Business Days prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  One Business Day prior to the last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub 
Natural Gas Futures Contract for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Settlement price 
d) Pricing calendar:  NYMEX 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  One Business Day prior to the last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub 
Natural Gas Futures Contract for the Contract Period 
c) Specified Price:  Settlement Price 


 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  NYMEX 
e) Delivery Date:  Fifth Nearby Month 
Final Payment Date:  The first Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.178 Henry Penultimate 5-Month Calendar Spread Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by NYMEX for the Sixth Nearby Month, as specified in Reference Price 
B, from the monthly price published by NYMEX for the First Nearby Month, as specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  HHV 
Settlement Method:  Cash Settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 72 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  Four Business Days prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  One Business Day prior to the last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub 
Natural Gas Futures Contract for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Settlement price 
d) Pricing calendar:  NYMEX 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  One Business Day prior to the last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub 
Natural Gas Futures Contract for the Contract Period 
c) Specified Price:  Settlement Price 


 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  NYMEX 
e) Delivery Date:  Sixth Nearby Month 
Final Payment Date:  The first Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.179 Katy Basis Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  KTB 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtu 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 120 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or at otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-EAST TEXAS, KATY-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  “NATURAL GAS-EAST TEXAS, KATY-INSIDE FERC” means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): 
East Texas, Katy: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  First publication date of Contract Period 
c) Specified Price:  Index 
d) Pricing calendar:  Inside FERC 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract for 
the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Settlement price 


 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  NYMEX 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.180 Katy Index Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  KTI 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtu 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 120 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or at otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-EAST TEXAS, KATY-GAS DAILY 
a) Description:  “NATURAL GAS-EAST TEXAS, KATY-GAS DAILY " means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Daily price survey ($/MMBtu): East Texas, 
Katy: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d) Pricing calendar:  Gas Daily 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-EAST TEXAS, KATY-INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  “NATURAL GAS-EAST TEXAS, KATY-INSIDE FERC” means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): 
East Texas, Katy: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date.. 
b) Pricing Date:  First publication date of Contract Period 
c) Specified Price:  Index 
d) Pricing calendar:  Inside FERC 


 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.181 Katy Swing Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by 
Gas Daily for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  KTS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtu 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or at otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-EAST TEXAS, KATY-GAS DAILY 
a) Description:  “NATURAL GAS-EAST TEXAS, KATY-GAS DAILY " means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Daily price survey ($/MMBtu): East Texas, 
Katy: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d) Pricing calendar:  Gas Daily 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.182 Tennessee 800L Index Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  TSI 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtu 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 120 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or at otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-LOUISIANA/SOUTHEAST, TENNESSEE, 800 LEG-GAS DAILY 
a) Description:  “NATURAL GAS-LOUISIANA/SOUTHEAST, TENNESSEE, 800 LEG-GAS DAILY " 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Daily price survey 
($/MMBtu): Louisiana/Southeast, Tennessee, 800 Leg: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d) Pricing calendar:  Gas Daily 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-LOUISIANA/SOUTHEAST, TENNESSEE, LOUISIANA, 800 LEG-
INSIDE FERC 
a) Description:  “NATURAL GAS-LOUISIANA/SOUTHEAST, TENNESSEE, LOUISIANA, 800 LEG-
INSIDE FERC” means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of 
natural gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading 
"Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Louisiana/Southeast, Tennessee, Louisiana, 800 Leg: 
Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  First publication date of Contract Period 


 
 
c) Specified Price:  Index 
d) Pricing calendar:  Inside FERC 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.183 Tennessee 800L Swing Future 
Contract Description: A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by 
Gas Daily for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  TSC 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtu 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or at otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-LOUISIANA/SOUTHEAST, TENNESSEE, 800 LEG-GAS DAILY 
a) Description:  “NATURAL GAS-LOUISIANA/SOUTHEAST, TENNESSEE, 800 LEG-GAS DAILY " 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Daily price survey 
($/MMBtu): Louisiana/Southeast, Tennessee, 800 Leg: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d) Pricing calendar:  Gas Daily 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.184 AB NIT (7a/5a) Index Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Canadian Gas Price Reporter, as defined in Reference Price B, from 
the average of the daily prices published by Canadian Gas Price Reporter, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NG7 
Settlement Method:  Cash Settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 120 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Reference Price A: NATURAL GAS-ICE-NGX AB-NIT 5a (US$/MMBTU)-CANADIAN GAS 
PRICE REPORTER 
a) Description: "NATURAL GAS- ICE-NGX AB-NIT 5a (US$/MMBTU)-CANADIAN GAS PRICE 
REPORTER" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of 
natural gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading " 
ICE-NGX AECO 5a Price Index: Total: Average Price US$/MMBtu" in the issue of Canadian Gas 
Price Reporter that reports prices effective for that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Average 
d) Pricing calendar:  Canadian Gas Price Reporter 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B: NATURAL GAS- ICE-NGX AB-NIT MONTH AHEAD INDEX 7A 
(US$/MMBTU)-CANADIAN GAS PRICE REPORTER 
a) Description: "NATURAL GAS- ICE-NGX AB-NIT MONTH AHEAD INDEX 7A (US$/MMBTU)-
CANADIAN GAS PRICE REPORTER" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, 
published under the heading "Monthly Canadian and U.S. natural gas price summary: Canadian Domestic 
Gas Prices: ICE-NGX AB-NIT Month Ahead Index (7A): US$/MMBtu" in the issue of Canadian Gas 
Price Reporter that reports prices effective for that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  First publication date of Contract Period 


 
 
c) Specified Price:  Index 
d) Pricing calendar:  Canadian Gas Price Reporter 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The Clearing Organization business day following the first Canadian business day 
following the last Business Day of the Contract Period. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.185 AB NIT 5a Swing Future (US/MM) 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by 
Canadian Gas Price Reporter for the location specified in Reference Price A 
Contract Symbol:  NG5 
Settlement Method:  Cash Settlement 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 65 daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Reference Price A: NATURAL GAS- ICE-NGX AB-NIT 5a (US$/MMBTU)-CANADIAN GAS 
PRICE REPORTER 
a) Description: "NATURAL GAS- ICE-NGX AB-NIT 5a (US$/MMBTU)-CANADIAN GAS PRICE 
REPORTER" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of 
natural gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading " ICE-
NGX AB-NIT 5a Index: Avg. Price US$/MMBtu" in the issue of Canadian Gas Price Reporter that 
reports prices effective for that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Average 
d) Pricing calendar:  Canadian Gas Price Reporter 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The Clearing Organization business day following the first Canadian business day 
following the last Business Day of the Contract Period. 


 
 
18.A.186 UK NBP Natural Gas Last Day Financial Futures (USD/MMBTU) 
Contract Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the settlement price as 
published by ICE Futures Europe for the ICE UK Natural Gas Futures (M) contract converted to United States 
dollar (USD) using WM/Reuters Closing GBPUSD Spot Rate as published by Refinitiv at 16:00 GMT. 
 
Contract Symbol: UNF 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtu 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be one tenth of a cent ($0.001) per MMBtu; 
minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. 
 
Listing Cycle:   
78-83 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange.  
 
11-13 consecutive qtrs. Quarters are strips of three individual and consecutive contract months. Quarters 
always comprise a strip of Jan-Mar, Apr-Jun, Jul- Sep or Oct-Dec, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
 
13-14 consecutive European gas seasons.  European gas seasons are strips of six individual and 
consecutive contract months and comprise a strip of Apr-Sep or Oct-Mar. 6 consecutive years, or as 
otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
13-14 consecutive US gas seasons. US winter seasons are strips of five individual and consecutive 
contract months. US winter seasons always comprise a strip of Nov-Mar. US summer seasons are strips 
of seven individual and consecutive contract months and comprise a strip of Apr-Oct, or as otherwise 
determined by the Exchange. 
 
Last Trading Day: Trading will cease at the close of business two Business Days prior to the first calendar day 
of the delivery month, quarter, season or calendar year. 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
Reference Price A: UK Natural Gas NBP Future (M) - ICE Futures Europe 
 
a) Description: "UK Natural Gas NBP Future (M) - ICE Futures Europe " means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas on ICE Futures Europe for the UK 
Natural Gas NBP Future Contract (M) for the Delivery Date, stated in pence Sterling per therm, as made 
public by ICE Futures Europe on that Pricing Date. The price for a Pricing Date is converted to United 
States dollar (USD) using the WM/Reuters Closing GBPUSD Spot Rate as published by Refinitiv at 
16:00 GMT. When there is no WM/Reuters Closing GBPUSD Spot Rate published, the next previous 
WM/Reuters Closing GBPUSD Spot Rate as published by Refinitiv will be used for settlement purposes. 


 
 
 
 
b) Pricing Date: Last scheduled trading day of the ICE Futures Europe UK Natural Gas NBP Futures (M) 
Futures Contract for the Delivery Date. 
 
c) Specified Price: Settlement price 
 
d) Pricing Calendar: ICE Futures Europe 
 
e) Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date: The first Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day. 
 
Disclaimer: The WM/Reuters Closing Spot Rate is used under license from Refinitiv. The use of the 
WM/Reuters Closing Spot Rate does not imply or express any approval or endorsement by Refinitiv of the 
products listed on the Exchange. The WM/Reuters Closing Spot Rate is proprietary to Refinitiv. 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.187 Chicago Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the monthly price published by NGI 
for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: CFB 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 60 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-MIDWEST (CHICAGO CITYGATE)-NGI 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "NATURAL GAS-MIDWEST (CHICAGO CITYGATE)-NGI" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Spot Gas Prices: Midwest: Chicago Citygate: avg." in 
the issue of NGI's Bidweek Survey that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Index 
 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: NGI 
 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day. 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.188  Eastern Gas South Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the monthly price published by 
Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: DSF 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 60 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS- EASTERN GAS (APPALACHIA)-INSIDE FERC 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "NATURAL GAS- EASTERN GAS (APPALACHIA)-INSIDE FERC" means that 
the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas Prices 
($/MMBtu): Appalachia: Eastern Gas, Appalachia : Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Index 
 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Inside FERC 
 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day. 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.189 Dutch TTF Natural Gas Last Day Financial Futures (USD/MMBTU)  
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the settlement price as published by 
ICE Endex for the Dutch TTF Gas Base Load Futures (TFM) contract converted to United State dollar (USD) 
using the WM/Reuters Closing EURUSD Spot Rates as published by Refinitiv at 16:00 GMT. 
 
Trading Screen Product Name: Dutch TTF Natural Gas Last Day Futures (USD/MMBTU) 
 
Trading Screen Hub Name: TTF 
 
Contract Symbol: TLD 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBTUs 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be one tenth of a cent ($0.001) per MMBtu; 
minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type.  
 
Contract Series: Up to 71 consecutive month contracts or as otherwise determined and announced by the 
Exchange from time to time. 
 
Up to 11 consecutive quarters or as otherwise determined and announced by the Exchange from time to time. 
Quarters are strips of three individual and consecutive contract months. Quarters always comprise a strip of Jan-
Mar, Apr-Jun, Jul- Sep or Oct-Dec. 
 
Up to 11 consecutive seasons or as otherwise determined and announced by the Exchange from time to time. 
Seasons are strips of six individual and consecutive contract months. Seasons always comprise a strip of Apr-Sep 
or Oct-Mar. 
 
Up to 5 consecutive years or as otherwise determined and announced by the Exchange from time to time. Years 
are strips of twelve individual and consecutive contract months comprising Jan - Dec. 
 
Months, quarters, seasons and years are listed in parallel. 
 
Trading Hours: 
07:00-17:00 London time 
02:00 - 12:00 New York time 
 
Last Trading Day: Trading will cease at the close of business two Business Days prior to the first calendar day 
of the delivery month, quarter, season or calendar year. 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
Reference Price A: Dutch TTF Gas Base Load Futures (TFM) - ICE Endex 
 
A) Ref Price A - Description: "Dutch TTF Gas Base Load Futures (TFM) - ICE Endex" means that the price for 
a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas on ICE Endex for the Dutch TTF Gas 
Base Load Futures (TFM) for the Delivery Date, stated in euro per MWh, as made public by ICE Endex on that 
Pricing Date. The price for a Pricing Date is converted to United States dollar (USD) using the WM/Reuters 


 
 
Closing EURUSD Spot Rate as published by Refinitiv at 16:00 GMT on the day the settlement price was 
published by the ICE Endex. When there is no WM/Reuters Closing EURUSD Spot Rate published, the next 
previous WM/Reuters Closing EURUSD Spot Rate as published by Refinitiv will be used for settlement 
purposes. 
 
 
B) Ref Price A -Pricing Date: Last scheduled trading day of the ICE Endex Dutch TTF Gas Base Load Futures 
(TFM) Contract for the Delivery Date. 
 
C) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Settlement price 
 
D) Ref Price A - Pricing Calendar: ICE Endex 
 
E) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date: The first Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day. 
 
Dislcaimer: The WM/Reuters Closing Spot Rate is used under license from Refinitiv. The use of the 
WM/Reuters Closing Spot Rate does not imply or express any approval or endorsement by Refinitiv of the 
products listed on the Exchange. The WM/Reuters Closing Spot Rate is proprietary to Refinitiv. 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.190 Trunkline Zone 1A Basis Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: TZA 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 84 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-TRUNKLINE, ZONE 1A-INSIDE FERC 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: NATURAL GAS-TRUNKLINE, ZONE 1A-INSIDE FERC” means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): 
Louisiana/Southeast: Trunkline, zone 1A: Index " in the issue of Inside FERC that reports prices effective on that 
Pricing Date. 
 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Index 
 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: 
Inside FERC 
 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
REFERENCE PRICE B: NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
 
a) Ref Price B - Description: "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that 
day's Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract 
for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Ref Price B - Pricing Date: Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Ref Price B - Specified Price: Settlement price 
 
d) Ref Price B - Pricing calendar: NYMEX 


 
 
 
e) Ref Price B - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day. 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.191 Tennessee 500L Swing Future 
 
Description: A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by Gas Daily 
for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: TE5 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Last Trading Day: The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-LOUISIANA/SOUTHEAST, TENNESSEE, 500 LEG-GAS 
DAILY 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: “NATURAL GAS-LOUISIANA/SOUTHEAST, TENNESSEE, 500 LEG-GAS 
DAILY " means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Daily price survey 
($/MMBtu): Louisiana/Southeast, Tennessee, 500 Leg: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Midpoint 
 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: 
Gas Daily 
 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day. 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.192 NWP Rockies Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the monthly price published by 
Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: FQR 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 60 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-NWPL (ROCKY MOUNTAINS)-INSIDE FERC 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "NATURAL GAS-NWPL (ROCKY MOUNTAINS)-INSIDE FERC" means that 
the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Prices of Spot Gas Delivered to Pipelines 
($/MMBtu): Northwest Pipeline Corp.: Rocky Mountains: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Index 
 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: 
Inside FERC 
 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day. 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.193 Waha Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the monthly price published by 
Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: FQW 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 60 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-W. TEXAS (WAHA)-INSIDE FERC 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "NATURAL GAS-W. TEXAS (WAHA)-INSIDE FERC" means that the price for 
a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Market Center Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): West Texas: 
Waha: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Index 
 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Inside FERC 
 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day. 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
 
18.A.194 EP Permian Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the monthly price published by 
Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: FQP 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 60 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-EL PASO (PERMIAN BASIN)-INSIDE FERC 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "NATURAL GAS-EL PASO (PERMIAN BASIN)-INSIDE FERC" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Prices of Spot Gas Delivered to Pipelines ($/MMBtu): 
El Paso Natural Gas Co.: Permian Basin: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports prices effective on that 
Pricing Date. 
 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Index 
 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Inside FERC 
 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day. 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
 
18.A.195 HSC Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the monthly price published by 
Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: FQH 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 60 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-E. TEXAS (HOUSTON SHIP CHANNEL)-INSIDE FERC 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "NATURAL GAS-E. TEXAS (HOUSTON SHIP CHANNEL)-INSIDE FERC" 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery 
on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas Prices 
($/MMBtu): East Texas: Houston Ship Channel: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports prices effective 
on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Index 
 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Inside FERC 
 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day. 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
 
18.A.196 Michcon Fixed Price Future  
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the monthly price published by 
Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: FQM 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 60 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-UPPER MIDWEST (MICH CON CITY-GATE)-INSIDE FERC 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "NATURAL GAS-UPPER MIDWEST (MICH CON CITY-GATE)-INSIDE 
FERC" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Market Center Spot Gas Prices 
($/MMBtu): Upper Midwest: Mich Con city-gate: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports prices effective 
on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Index 
 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Inside FERC 
 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day. 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
 
18.A.197 TETCO M3 Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the monthly price published by 
Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: FQT 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 60 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-NORTHEAST (TEXAS EASTERN ZONE M-3)-INSIDE FERC 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "NATURAL GAS-NORTHEAST (TEXAS EASTERN ZONE M-3)-INSIDE 
FERC means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas 
Prices ($/MMBtu): Northeast: Texas Eastern, M-3: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports prices effective 
on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Index 
 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Inside FERC 
 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day. 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
 
18.A.198 AB NIT Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the monthly price published by 
Canadian Gas Price Reporter for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: FQN 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 60 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-NGX AB-NIT MONTH AHEAD INDEX 7A (US$/MMBTU)-
CANADIAN GAS PRICE REPORTER 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "NATURAL GAS-NGX AB-NIT MONTH AHEAD INDEX 7A (US$/MMBTU)-
CANADIAN GAS PRICE REPORTER" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price 
per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading 
"Monthly Canadian and U.S. natural gas price summary: Canadian Domestic Gas Prices: NGX AB-NIT Month 
Ahead Index (7A): US$/MMBtu" in the issue of Canadian Gas Price Reporter that reports prices effective for that 
Pricing Date. 
 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Index 
 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Canadian Gas Price Reporter 
 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day. 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
 
18.A.199 US EIA Financial Weekly Index (100 USD) 
 
Description: A cleared market for the change in 1 Billion Cubic Feet (BCF) of the Natural Gas Financial Weekly 
Gas Storage Inventory Number as reported by U.S. Energy Information Administration (EIA) Weekly Natural 
Gas Report. 
 
Contract Symbol: EIW 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: $100 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be 1 BCF per $100; minimum price 
fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 3 weeks of the EIA Weekly Gas Storage Inventory Number, or as otherwise determined by 
the exchange. 
 
Last Trading Day: Trading shall cease at 10:28 am EPT the day of the EIA Storage Number. 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-WEEKLY NATURAL GAS STORAGE REPORT-U.S. ENERGY 
INFORMATION ADMINISTRATION 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "NATURAL GAS-WEEKLY NATURAL GAS STORAGE REPORT-U.S. 
ENERGY INFORMATION ADMINISTRATION" shall mean that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price of natural gas for the Delivery Date, stated in billion cubic feet (BCF), published on the EIA 
website: http://ir.eia.gov/ngs/ngs.html 
 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: The implied flow estimate, excluding reclassifications in BCF as estimated by 
the EIA using both a 12-month moving average of working gas volumes and the latest weekly data for the 
previous week ending on Friday. The standard release time is 10:30 am EPT on Thursdays, with the following 
exceptions listed on their website. http://ir.eia.gov/ngs/schedule.html 
 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: EIA Weekly Natural Gas Report 
 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: One Clearing House Business Day after the Last Trading Day 
 
Final Payment Date: One Clearing House Business Day after the Last Trading Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
 
18.A.200 Algonquin Citygates Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the monthly price published by 
Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: ALG 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 60 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: "NATURAL GAS-NORTHEAST (ALGONQUIN CITY-GATE)-INSIDE FERC" 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "NATURAL GAS-NORTHEAST (ALGONQUIN CITY-GATE)-INSIDE 
FERC" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural 
gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Monthly 
Bidweek Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Northeast: Algonquin, city-gates: Index" in the issue of Inside 
FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Index 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Inside FERC 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day. 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.201 CIG Rockies Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the monthly price published by 
Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: CRA 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 60 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-CIG (ROCKY MOUNTAINS)-INSIDE FERC 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "NATURAL GAS-CIG (ROCKY MOUNTAINS)-INSIDE FERC" means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery 
on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas 
Prices ($/MMBtu): Rockies/Northwest: CIG, Rockies: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Index 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Inside FERC 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day. 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.202 CG-Mainline Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the monthly price published by 
Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: CGA 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 60 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-COLUMBIA GULF (MAINLINE)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "NATURAL GAS-COLUMBIA GULF (MAINLINE)-INSIDE FERC" 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Monthly Bidweek 
Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Louisiana/Southeast: Columbia Gulf, mainline : Index " in the issue of 
Inside FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Index 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Inside FERC 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day. 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.203 Malin Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the monthly price published by NGI 
for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: MAF 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 60 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-CALIFORNIA (MALIN)-NGI 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "NATURAL GAS-CALIFORNIA (MALIN)-NGI" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Spot Gas Prices: California: Malin: avg." in the 
issue of NGI's Bidweek Survey that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Index 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: NGI 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day. 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.204 NNG Ventura Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the monthly price published by 
Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: NNH 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 60 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-NNG (VENTURA)-INSIDE FERC 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "NATURAL GAS-NNG (VENTURA)-INSIDE FERC" means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas Prices 
($/MMBtu): Upper Midwest: Northern, Ventura: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Index 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Inside FERC 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day. 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.205 NGPL Midcont Fixed Price Future 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the monthly price published by 
Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: MCN 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 60 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-NGPL (MIDCONTINENT)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "NATURAL GAS-NGPL (MIDCONTINENT)-INSIDE FERC" means that 
the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas Prices 
($/MMBtu): Midcontinent: NGPL, Midcontinent: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Index 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Inside FERC 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day. 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.206 NGPL TXOK Fixed Price Future 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the monthly price published by 
Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: NTH 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 60 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-NGPL (TEXOK)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "NATURAL GAS-NGPL (TEXOK)-INSIDE FERC" means that the price for 
a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): 
East Texas: NGPL, Texok zone: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports prices effective on that 
Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Index 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Inside FERC 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day. 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.207 PG&E Citygate Fixed Price Future 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the monthly price published by NGI 
for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: PGD 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 60 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-CALIFORNIA (PG&E CITYGATE)-NGI 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "NATURAL GAS-CALIFORNIA (PG&E CITYGATE)-NGI" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Spot Gas Prices: California: PG&E 
Citygate: avg." in the issue of NGI's Bidweek Survey that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Index 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: NGI 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day. 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.208 REX Zone 3 Fixed Price Future 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the monthly price published by 
Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: REH 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 60 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-UPPER MIDWEST, REX, ZONE 3 DELIVERED-INSIDE 
FERC 
a) Ref Price A - Description: “NATURAL GAS-UPPER MIDWEST, REX, ZONE 3 DELIVERED-
INSIDE FERC” means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of 
natural gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading 
"Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Upper Midwest: REX, zone 3 delivered: Index" in the 
issue of Inside FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Index 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Inside FERC 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day. 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.209 TCO Fixed Price Future 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the monthly price published by 
Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: TCF 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 60 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-COLUMBIA GAS (APPALACHIA)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "NATURAL GAS-COLUMBIA GAS (APPALACHIA)-INSIDE FERC" 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Monthly Bidweek 
Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Appalachia: Columbia Gas, App.: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Index 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Inside FERC 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day. 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.210 Transco Leidy Fixed Price Future 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the monthly price published by 
Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: YQA 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 60 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPE LINE, LEIDY LINE 
RECEIPTS-INSIDE FERC 
a) Ref Price A - Description: “NATURAL GAS-TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPE LINE, LEIDY 
LINE RECEIPTS-INSIDE FERC” means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified 
Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published 
under the heading "Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Appalachia: Transco, Leidy Line 
receipts: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Index 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Inside FERC 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day. 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.211 Transco Zone 6 (non NY) Fixed Price Future 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the monthly price published by 
Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: TPH 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 60 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-NORTHEAST (TRANSCO ZONE 6 NON-N.Y.)-INSIDE 
FERC 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "NATURAL GAS-NORTHEAST (TRANSCO ZONE 6 NON-N.Y.)-
INSIDE FERC" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of 
natural gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading 
"Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Northeast: Transco, zone 6 non-N.Y.: Index" in the issue 
of Inside FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Index 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Inside FERC 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day. 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.212 Millennium East Pool Basis Future 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: MRB 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 84 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-MILLENNIUM, EAST RECEIPTS-INSIDE FERC 
a) Ref Price A - Description: “NATURAL GAS-MILLENNIUM, EAST RECEIPTS-INSIDE FERC” 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Monthly Bidweek 
Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Appalachia, Millennium, East receipts: Index " in the issue of Inside FERC 
that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Index 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Inside FERC 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
REFERENCE PRICE B 
a) Ref Price B - Description: "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be 
that day's Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas 
Futures Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that 
Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price B - Pricing Date: Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price B - Specified Price: Settlement Price 
d) Ref Price B - Pricing calendar: NYMEX 


 
 
e) Ref Price B - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day. 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.213 Millennium  East Pool Swing Future 
Description: A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by Gas Daily 
for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: MRC 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-MILLENNIUM, EAST RECEIPTS-GAS DAILY 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "NATURAL GAS- MILLENNIUM, EAST RECEIPTS-GAS DAILY" means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery 
on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Daily price survey ($/MMBtu): 
Appalachia, Millennium, East receipts: Midpoint " in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective 
on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Midpoint 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Gas Daily 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day. 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.214 Millennium  East Pool Index Future 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: MRA 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 120 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-MILLENNIUM, EAST RECEIPTS-GAS DAILY 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "NATURAL GAS- MILLENNIUM, EAST RECEIPTS-GAS DAILY" means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery 
on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Daily price survey ($/MMBtu): 
Appalachia, Millennium, East receipts: Midpoint " in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective 
on that Pricing Date 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Midpoint 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Gas Daily 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
REFERENCE PRICE B: NATURAL GAS-MILLENNIUM, EAST RECEIPTS-INSIDE FERC 
a) Ref Price B - Description: “NATURAL GAS-MILLENNIUM, EAST RECEIPTS-INSIDE FERC” 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Monthly Bidweek 
Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Appalachia, Millennium, East receipts: Index " in the issue of Inside FERC 
that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price B - Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c) Ref Price B - Specified Price: Index 
d) Ref Price B - Pricing calendar: Inside FERC 


 
 
e) Ref Price B - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day. 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.215 Pine Prairie Index Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: CVJ 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 120 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-PINE PRAIRIE-GAS DAILY 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: “NATURAL GAS-PINE PRAIRIE-GAS DAILY" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Final Daily Gas Indices ($/MMBtu): 
Louisiana/Southeast, Pine Prairie Hub: Midpoint” in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective on 
that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Midpoint 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Gas Daily 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
REFERENCE PRICE B: NATURAL GAS-PINE PRAIRIE-INSIDE-FERC 
 
a) Ref Price B - Description: “NATURAL GAS-PINE PRAIRIE-INSIDE-FERC” means that the price for 
a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): 
Louisiana/Southeast: Pine Prairie Hub: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports prices effective on 
that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Ref Price B - Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
 
c) Ref Price B - Specified Price: Index 
 


 
 
d) Ref Price B - Pricing calendar: Inside FERC 
e) Ref Price B - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the Contract 
Period. 
 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.216 Pine Prairie Swing Future 
 
Description: A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by Gas Daily 
for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: CVK 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-PINE PRAIRIE-GAS DAILY 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: “NATURAL GAS-PINE PRAIRIE-GAS DAILY" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Final Daily Gas Indices ($/MMBtu): 
Louisiana/Southeast, Pine Prairie Hub: Midpoint” in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective on 
that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Midpoint 
 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Gas Daily 
 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day. 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.217 Socal Citygate Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the monthly price published by NGI 
for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: CVL 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 60 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-CALIFORNIA (SOCAL CITYGATE)-NGI 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "NATURAL GAS-CALIFORNIA (SOCAL CITYGATE)-NGI" means that 
the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Spot Gas Prices: California: SoCal 
Citygate: avg." in the issue of NGI's Bidweek Survey that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Average 
 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: NGI 
 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day. 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.219 Tennessee Zone 1 Swing Future 
 
Description: A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by Gas Daily 
for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: CVM 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-TENNESSEE ZONE 1-GAS DAILY 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: “NATURAL GAS-TENNESSEE ZONE 1-GAS DAILY" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Final Daily Gas Indices ($/MMBtu): 
Louisiana/Southeast, Tennessee, zone 1: Midpoint” in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective 
on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Midpoint 
 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Gas Daily 
 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day. 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.220 TETCO-ELA Swing Future 
 
Description: A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by Gas Daily 
for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: CVN 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-TETCO (E. LOUSIANA ZONE)-GAS DAILY 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "NATURAL GAS-TETCO (E. LOUSIANA ZONE)-GAS DAILY" means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery 
on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Daily Price Survey 
($/MMBtu): Louisiana/Southeast: Tx. Eastern, ELA: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports 
prices. 
 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Midpoint 
 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Gas Daily 
 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day. 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.221 TETCO-WLA Index Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: CVO 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 120 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-TETCO (W. LOUISIANA ZONE)-GAS DAILY 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "NATURAL GAS-TETCO (W. LOUISIANA ZONE)-GAS DAILY" means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery 
on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Daily Price Survey 
($/MMBtu): Louisiana/Southeast: Tx. Eastern, WLA: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports 
prices. 
 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Midpoint 
 
d)  Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Gas Daily 
 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
 
REFERENCE PRICE B: NATURAL GAS-TETCO (W. LOUISIANA ZONE)-INSIDE FERC 
 
a) Ref Price B - Description: "NATURAL GAS-TETCO (W. LOUISIANA ZONE)-INSIDE FERC” 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Monthly Bidweek 
Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Louisiana/Southeast: Texas Eastern, WLA: Index" in the issue of Inside 
FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Ref Price B - Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
 
c) Ref Price B - Specified Price: Index 
 


 
 
d) Ref Price B - Pricing calendar: Inside FERC 
 
e) Ref Price B - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the Contract 
Period. 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.222 TETCO-WLA Swing Future 
 
Description: A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by Gas Daily 
for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: CVP 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-TETCO (W. LOUISIANA ZONE)-GAS DAILY 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: “NATURAL GAS-TETCO (W. LOUISIANA ZONE)-GAS DAILY" means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery 
on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Daily Price Survey 
($/MMBtu): Louisiana/Southeast: Tx. Eastern, WLA: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports 
prices. 
 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Midpoint 
 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Gas Daily 
 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day. 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.225 Transco Station 30 (Zone 1) Index Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: CVS 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 120 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-TRANSCO (ZONE 1)-GAS DAILY 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: “NATURAL GAS-TRANSCO (ZONE 1)-GAS DAILY" means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Daily price survey ($/MMBtu): East 
Texas, Transco, zone 1: Midpoint” in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective on that Pricing 
Date. 
 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Midpoint 
 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Gas Daily 
 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
 
REFERENCE PRICE B: NATURAL GAS-TRANSCO (ZONE 1)-INSIDE FERC 
 
a) Ref Price B - Description: "NATURAL GAS-TRANSCO (ZONE 1)-INSIDE FERC" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas Prices 
($/MMBtu): East Texas: Transco, zone 1: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports prices effective 
on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Ref Price B - Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
 
c) Ref Price B - Specified Price: Index 
 


 
 
d) Ref Price B - Pricing calendar: Inside FERC 
e) Ref Price B - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the Contract 
Period. 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.226 Transco Station 30 (Zone 1) Swing Future 
 
Description: A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by Gas Daily 
for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: CVT 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-TRANSCO (ZONE 1)-GAS DAILY 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: “NATURAL GAS-TRANSCO (ZONE 1)-GAS DAILY" means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Daily price survey ($/MMBtu): East 
Texas, Transco, zone 1: Midpoint” in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective on that Pricing 
Date. 
 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Midpoint 
 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Gas Daily 
 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day. 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.227 Trunkline Zone 1A Index Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: CVU 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 120 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-TRUNKLINE, ZONE 1A-GAS DAILY 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: “NATURAL GAS-TRUNKLINE, ZONE 1A-GAS DAILY" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Daily price survey ($/MMBtu): 
Louisiana/Southeast, Trunkline, zone 1A: Midpoint” in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective 
on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Midpoint 
 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Gas Daily 
 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
 
REFERENCE PRICE B: NATURAL GAS-TRUNKLINE, ZONE 1A-INSIDE FERC 
 
a) Ref Price B - Description: “NATURAL GAS-TRUNKLINE, ZONE 1A-INSIDE FERC” means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas Prices 
($/MMBtu): Louisiana/Southeast: Trunkline, zone 1A: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Ref Price B - Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
 
c) Ref Price B - Specified Price: Index 
 


 
 
d) Ref Price B - Pricing calendar: Inside FERC 
e) Ref Price B - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following last Business Day of the Contract 
Period. 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.228 Trunkline Zone 1A Swing Future 
 
Description: A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by Gas Daily 
for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: CVV 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-TRUNKLINE, ZONE 1A-GAS DAILY 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: “NATURAL GAS-TRUNKLINE, ZONE 1A-GAS DAILY" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Daily price survey ($/MMBtu): 
Louisiana/Southeast, Trunkline, zone 1A: Midpoint” in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective 
on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Midpoint 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Gas Daily 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day. 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.229 Union Dawn Index Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: CVW 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 120 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-DAWN ONTARIO-GAS DAILY 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: “NATURAL GAS-DAWN ONTARIO-GAS DAILY" means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Daily price survey ($/MMBtu): Upper 
Midwest, Dawn, Ontario: Midpoint” in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective on that Pricing 
Date. 
 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Midpoint 
 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Gas Daily 
 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
 
REFERENCE PRICE B: NATURAL GAS-DAWN ONTARIO-INSIDE FERC 
 
a) Ref Price B - Description: "NATURAL GAS-DAWN ONTARIO-INSIDE FERC" means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas Prices 
($/MMBtu): Upper Midwest: Dawn, Ontario: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Ref Price B - Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
 
c) Ref Price B - Specified Price: Index 
 


 
 
d) Ref Price B - Pricing calendar: Inside FERC 
 
e) Ref Price B - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the Contract 
Period. 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.230 Union Dawn Swing Future 
 
Description: A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by Gas Daily 
for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: CVX 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-DAWN ONTARIO-GAS DAILY 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: “NATURAL GAS-DAWN ONTARIO-GAS DAILY" means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Daily price survey ($/MMBtu): Upper 
Midwest, Dawn, Ontario: Midpoint” in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective on that Pricing 
Date. 
 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Midpoint 
 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Gas Daily 
 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day. 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.231 CG Onshore Index Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: CVG 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 120 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS- COLUMBIA GULF (LOUISIANA)-GAS DAILY 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: “NATURAL GAS- COLUMBIA GULF (LOUISIANA)-GAS DAILY " 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Daily price survey 
($/MMBtu): Louisiana/Southeast, Columbia Gulf, La.: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Midpoint 
 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Gas Daily 
 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
 
REFERENCE PRICE B: NATURAL GAS-COLUMBIA GULF (LOUISIANA)-INSIDE FERC 
 
a) Ref Price B - Description: "NATURAL GAS-COLUMBIA GULF (LOUISIANA)-INSIDE FERC" 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Monthly Bidweek 
Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Louisiana/Southeast: Columbia Gulf, La.: Index" in the issue of Inside 
FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Ref Price B - Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
 
c) Ref Price B - Specified Price: Index 
 


 
 
d) Ref Price B - Pricing calendar: Inside FERC 
 
e) Ref Price B - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the Contract 
Period. 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
 
18.A.232 CG Onshore Swing Future 
 
Description: A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by Gas Daily 
for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: CVH 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-COLUMBIA GULF (LOUISIANA)-GAS DAILY 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: “NATURAL GAS-COLUMBIA GULF (LOUSIANA)-GAS DAILY" means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery 
on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Daily price survey ($/MMBtu): 
Louisiana/Southeast, Columbia Gulf, La.: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective 
on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Midpoint 
 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Gas Daily 
 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day. 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.233 Pine Prairie Basis Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: CVI 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 84 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-PINE PRAIRIE-INSIDE-FERC 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: “NATURAL GAS-PINE PRAIRIE-INSIDE-FERC” means that the price for 
a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): 
Louisiana/Southeast: Pine Prairie Hub: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports prices effective on 
that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Index 
 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Inside FERC 
 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
REFERENCE PRICE B: NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
 
a) Ref Price B - Description: "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be 
that day's Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas 
Futures Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that 
Pricing Date. 
 
b) Ref Price B - Pricing Date: Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Ref Price B - Specified Price: Settlement price 
 


 
 
d) Ref Price B - Pricing calendar: NYMEX 
 
e) Ref Price B - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day. 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.234 Cheyenne Hub Swing Future 
Description: A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by Gas Daily 
for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: CVQ 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-CHEYENNE HUB-GAS DAILY 
a) Ref Price A - Description: “NATURAL GAS-CHEYENNE HUB-GAS DAILY" means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Final Daily Gas Indices ($/MMBtu): 
Rockies/Northwest, Cheyenne Hub: Midpoint” in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective on 
that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Midpoint 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Gas Daily 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day. 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.235 Consumers Swing Future 
Description: A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by Gas Daily 
for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: CVR 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day: The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-CONSUMERS-GAS DAILY 
a) Ref Price A - Description: “NATURAL GAS-CONSUMERS-GAS DAILY" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Final Daily Gas Indices ($/MMBtu): Upper 
Midwest, Consumers city-gate: Midpoint” in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective on that 
Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Midpoint 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Gas Daily 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day. 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.236 EP West Texas Basis Future 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: EWB 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 84 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-EL PASO (WEST TEXAS)-INSIDE-FERC 
a) Ref Price A - Description: “NATURAL GAS-EL PASO (WEST TEXAS)-INSIDE-FERC” means that 
the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas Prices 
($/MMBtu): Southwest: El Paso, West Texas: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Index 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Inside FERC 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
REFERENCE PRICE B: NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a) Ref Price B - Description: "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be 
that day's Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas 
Futures Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that 
Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price B - Pricing Date: Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price B - Specified Price: Settlement price 


 
 
d) Ref Price B - Pricing calendar: NYMEX 
e) Ref Price B - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day. 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.237 EP West Texas Index Future 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: EWI 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 120 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-EL PASO (WEST TEXAS)-GAS DAILY 
a) Ref Price A - Description: “NATURAL GAS-EL PASO (WEST TEXAS)-GAS DAILY" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Final Daily Gas Indices ($/MMBtu): 
Southwest: El Paso, West Texas: Midpoint” in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective on that 
Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Midpoint 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Gas Daily 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
REFERENCE PRICE B: NATURAL GAS-EL PASO (WEST TEXAS)-INSIDE-FERC 
a) Ref Price B - Description: “NATURAL GAS-EL PASO (WEST TEXAS)-INSIDE-FERC” means that 
the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas Prices 
($/MMBtu): Southwest: El Paso, West Texas: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price B - Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c) Ref Price B - Specified Price: Index 


 
 
d) Ref Price B - Pricing calendar: Inside FERC 
e) Ref Price B - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the 
Contract Period. 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.238 EP West Texas Swing Future 
Description: A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by Gas Daily 
for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: EWS 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day: The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-EL PASO (WEST TEXAS)-GAS DAILY 
a) Ref Price A - Description: “NATURAL GAS-EL PASO (WEST TEXAS)-GAS DAILY" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Final Daily Gas Indices ($/MMBtu): 
Southwest: El Paso, West Texas: Midpoint” in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective on that 
Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Midpoint 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Gas Daily 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day. 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.239 Kern Delivered Swing Future 
Description: A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by Gas Daily 
for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: KSS 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day: The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-KERN, DELIVERED-GAS DAILY 
a) Ref Price A - Description: “NATURAL GAS-KERN, DELIVERED-GAS DAILY" means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Final Daily Gas Indices ($/MMBtu): 
Southwest, Kern River, delivered: Midpoint” in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective on that 
Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Midpoint 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Gas Daily 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day. 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.240 Tennessee Zone 4 200L Basis Future 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: TNC 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 84 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A minus Reference Price B 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-TENNESSEE ZONE 4 200 LEG-INSIDE-FERC 
a) Ref Price A - Description: “NATURAL GAS-TENNESSEE ZONE 4 200 LEG-INSIDE-FERC” means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery 
on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas 
Prices ($/MMBtu): Appalachia, Tennessee, zone 4-200 leg: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Index 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Inside FERC 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
REFERENCE PRICE B: NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a) Ref Price B - Description: "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be 
that day's Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas 
Futures Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that 
Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price B - Pricing Date: Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price B - Specified Price: Settlement price 


 
 
d) Ref Price B - Pricing calendar: NYMEX 
e) Ref Price B - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day. 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.241 Tennessee Zone 4 200L Index Future 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: TND 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 120 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-TENNESSEE ZONE 4 200 LEG-GAS DAILY 
a) Ref Price A - Description: “NATURAL GAS-TENNESSEE ZONE 4 200 LEG-GAS DAILY" means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery 
on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Final Daily Gas Indices 
($/MMBtu): Appalachia, Tennessee, zone 4-200 leg: Midpoint” in the issue of Gas Daily that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Midpoint 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Gas Daily 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
REFERENCE PRICE B: NATURAL GAS-TENNESSEE ZONE 4 200 LEG-INSIDE-FERC 
a) Ref Price B - Description: “NATURAL GAS-TENNESSEE ZONE 4 200 LEG-INSIDE-FERC” means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery 
on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas 
Prices ($/MMBtu): Appalachia, Tennessee, zone 4-200 leg: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price B - Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c) Ref Price B - Specified Price: Index 


 
 
d) Ref Price B - Pricing calendar: Inside FERC 
e) Ref Price B - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the 
Contract Period. 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.242 Tennessee Zone 4 200L Swing Future 
Description: A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by Gas Daily 
for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: TNE 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day: The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-TENNESSEE ZONE 4 200 LEG-GAS DAILY 
a) Ref Price A - Description: “NATURAL GAS-TENNESSEE ZONE 4 200 LEG-GAS DAILY" means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery 
on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Final Daily Gas Indices 
($/MMBtu): Appalachia, Tennessee, zone 4-200 leg: Midpoint” in the issue of Gas Daily that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Midpoint 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Gas Daily 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day. 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.243 Tennessee Zone 6 200L North Basis Future 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: TNJ 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 84 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-TENNESSEE ZONE 6 200 LEG NORTH-INSIDE FERC 
a) Ref Price A - Description: “NATURAL GAS-TENNESSEE ZONE 6 200 LEG NORTH-INSIDE 
FERC” means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural 
gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Monthly 
Bidweek Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Northeast, Tennessee, zone 6, del. North: Index" in the issue of 
Inside FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Index 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Inside FERC 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
REFERENCE PRICE B: NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a) Ref Price B - Description: "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be 
that day's Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas 
Futures Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that 
Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price B - Pricing Date: Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price B - Specified Price: Settlement price 


 
 
d) Ref Price B - Pricing calendar: NYMEX 
e) Ref Price B - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day. 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.244 Tennessee Zone 6 200L North Index Future 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: TNK 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum prce fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 120 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-TENNESSEE ZONE 6 200 LEG NORTH-GAS DAILY 
a) Ref Price A - Description:  “NATURAL GAS-TENNESSEE ZONE 6 200 LEG NORTH-GAS DAILY" 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Final Daily Gas 
Indices ($/MMBtu): Northeast, Tennessee, zone 6, del. North: Midpoint” in the issue of Gas Daily that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Midpoint 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Gas Daily 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
REFERENCE PRICE B: NATURAL GAS-TENNESSEE ZONE 6 200 LEG NORTH-INSIDE-FERC 
a) Ref Price B - Description: “NATURAL GAS-TENNESSEE ZONE 6 200 LEG NORTH-INSIDE-
FERC” means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural 
gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Monthly 
Bidweek Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Northeast, Tennessee, zone 6, del. North: Index" in the issue of 
Inside FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price B - Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c) Ref Price B - Specified Price: Index 


 
 
d) Ref Price B - Pricing calendar: Inside FERC 
e) Ref Price B - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the 
Contract Period. 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.245 Tennessee Zone 6 200L North Swing Future 
Description: A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by Gas Daily 
for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: TNL 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day: The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-TENNESSEE ZONE 6 200 LEG NORTH-GAS DAILY 
a) Ref Price A - Description: “NATURAL GAS-TENNESSEE ZONE 6 200 LEG NORTH-GAS DAILY" 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Final Daily Gas 
Indices ($/MMBtu): Northeast, Tennessee, zone 6, del. North: Midpoint” in the issue of Gas Daily that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Midpoint 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Gas Daily 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day. 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.246 Tennessee Zone 6 200L South Basis Future 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: TNQ 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 84 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-TENNESSEE ZONE 6 200 LEG SOUTH-INSIDE FERC 
a) Ref Price A - Description: “NATURAL GAS-TENNESSEE ZONE 6 200 LEG SOUTH-INSIDE 
FERC” means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural 
gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Monthly 
Bidweek Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Northeast, Tennessee, zone 6, del. South: Index" in the issue of 
Inside FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Index 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Inside FERC 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
REFERENCE PRICE B: NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a) Ref Price B - Description: "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be 
that day's Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas 
Futures Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that 
Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price B - Pricing Date: Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price B - Specified Price: Settlement price 


 
 
d) Ref Price B - Pricing calendar: NYMEX 
e) Ref Price B - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day. 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.247 Tennessee Zone 6 200L South Index Future 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: TNR 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 120 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-TENNESSEE ZONE 6 200 LEG SOUTH-GAS DAILY 
a) Ref Price A - Description: “NATURAL GAS-TENNESSEE ZONE 6 200 LEG SOUTH-GAS DAILY" 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Final Daily Gas 
Indices ($/MMBtu): Northeast, Tennessee, zone 6, del. South: Midpoint” in the issue of Gas Daily that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Midpoint 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Gas Daily 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
REFERENCE PRICE B: NATURAL GAS-TENNESSEE ZONE 6 200 LEG SOUTH-INSIDE FERC 
a) Ref Price B - Description: “NATURAL GAS-TENNESSEE ZONE 6 200 LEG SOUTH-INSIDE 
FERC” means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural 
gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Monthly 
Bidweek Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Northeast, Tennessee, zone 6, del. South: Index" in the issue of 
Inside FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price B - Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c) Ref Price B - Specified Price: Index 


 
 
d) Ref Price B - Pricing calendar: Inside FERC 
e) Ref Price B - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the 
Contract Period. 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.248 Tennessee Zone 6 200L South Swing Future 
Description: A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by Gas Daily 
for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: TNS 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day: The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-TENNESSEE ZONE 6 200 LEG SOUTH-GAS DAILY 
a) Ref Price A - Description: “NATURAL GAS-TENNESSEE ZONE 6 200 LEG SOUTH-GAS DAILY" 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Final Daily Gas 
Indices ($/MMBtu): Northeast, Tennessee, zone 6, del. South: Midpoint” in the issue of Gas Daily that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Midpoint 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Gas Daily 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day. 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
 
18.A.249 HSC/Katy Index Future 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: HKA 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 120 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-EAST TEXAS, KATY-GAS DAILY 
a) Ref Price A - Description: “NATURAL GAS-EAST TEXAS, KATY-GAS DAILY " means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Daily price survey ($/MMBtu): East 
Texas, Katy: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Midpoint 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Gas Daily 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
REFERENCE PRICE B: NATURAL GAS-E. TEXAS (HOUSTON SHIP CHANNEL)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Ref Price B - Description: "NATURAL GAS-E. TEXAS (HOUSTON SHIP CHANNEL)-INSIDE 
FERC" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural 
gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Monthly 
Bidweek Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): East Texas: Houston Ship Channel: Index" in the issue of Inside 
FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price B - Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 
c) Ref Price B - Specified Price: Index 


 
 
d) Ref Price B - Pricing calendar: Inside FERC 
e) Ref Price B - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.250 Transco Zone 5 South Basis Future 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: T5B 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 84 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPELINE, ZONE 5 
DELIVERED SOUTH-INSIDE FERC 
a) Ref Price A - Description: “NATURAL GAS-TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPELINE, ZONE 5 
DELIVERED SOUTH-INSIDE FERC” means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, 
published under the heading "Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Northeast: Transco, zone 5 
del. South: Index " in the issue of Inside FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Index 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Inside FERC 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
REFERENCE PRICE B: NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a) Ref Price B - Description: "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be 
that day's Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas 
Futures Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that 
Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price B - Pricing Date: Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date 


 
 
c) Ref Price B - Specified Price: Settlement price 
d) Ref Price B - Pricing calendar: NYMEX 
e) Ref Price B - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.251 Transco Zone 5 South Index Future 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: T5I 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 120 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPELINE, ZONE 5 
DELIVERED SOUTH-GAS DAILY 
a) Ref Price A - Description: “NATURAL GAS-TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPELINE, ZONE 5 
DELIVERED SOUTH-GAS DAILY" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified 
Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published 
under the heading "Final Daily Gas Indices ($/MMBtu): Northeast: Transco, zone 5 del. South: Midpoint” 
in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Midpoint 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Gas Daily 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
REFERENCE PRICE B: NATURAL GAS-TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPELINE, ZONE 5 
DELIVERED SOUTH-INSIDE FERC 
a) Ref Price B - Description: “NATURAL GAS-TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPELINE, ZONE 5 
DELIVERED SOUTH-INSIDE FERC” means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, 
published under the heading "Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Northeast: Transco, zone 5 
del. South: Index " in the issue of Inside FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price B - Pricing Date: First publication date of Contract Period 


 
 
c) Ref Price B - Specified Price: Index 
d) Ref Price B - Pricing calendar: Inside FERC 
e) Ref Price B - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.252 Transco Zone 5 South Swing Future 
Description: A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by Gas Daily 
for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: T5C 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day: The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPELINE, ZONE 5 
DELIVERED SOUTH-GAS DAILY 
a) Ref Price A - Description: “NATURAL GAS-TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPELINE, ZONE 5 
DELIVERED SOUTH-GAS DAILY" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified 
Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published 
under the heading "Final Daily Gas Indices ($/MMBtu): Northeast: Transco, zone 5 del. South: Midpoint” 
in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Midpoint 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Gas Daily 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 


 
 
18.A.253 Enbridge Station 2 Swing Future  
Contract Description: A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by 
Canadian Gas Price Reporter for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: E2S 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day: The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS- ICE NGX SPECTRA STATION #2 DAY AHEAD 
(US$/MMBTU)-CANADIAN GAS PRICE REPORTER  
a) Ref Price A - Description: “NATURAL GAS-  ICE NGX SPECTRA STATION #2 DAY AHEAD 
(US$/MMBTU)-CANADIAN GAS PRICE REPORTER” means that the price for a Pricing Date will be 
that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published under the heading "ICE NGX SPECTRA STATION #2 DAY AHEAD INDEX (Price 
US$/MMBtu)" in the issue of Canadian Gas Price Reporter that reports prices effective for that Pricing 
Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Index (US$/MMBtu) 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing Calendar: Canadian Gas Price Reporter 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code: IFED  
Clearing Venue: ICEU  
  
  
 
 


 
 
18.A.254 Enbridge Station 2 Index Future  
Contract Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Canadian Gas Price Reporter, as defined in Reference Price B, from 
the average of the daily prices published by Canadian Gas Price Reporter, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: E2I 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 120 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS- ICE NGX SPECTRA STATION #2 DAY AHEAD 
(US$/MMBTU)-CANADIAN GAS PRICE REPORTER  
a) Ref Price A - Description: “NATURAL GAS- ICE NGX SPECTRA STATION #2 DAY AHEAD 
(US$/MMBTU)-CANADIAN GAS PRICE REPORTER” means that the price for a Pricing Date will be 
that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published under the heading "ICE NGX SPECTRA STATION #2 DAY AHEAD INDEX (Price 
US$/MMBtu)" in the issue of Canadian Gas Price Reporter that reports prices effective for that Pricing 
Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Index US$/MMBtu 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing Calendar: Canadian Gas Price Reporter 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
REFERENCE PRICE B: NATURAL GAS- ICE NGX ENBRIDGE STATION #2 MONTH AHEAD 
INDEX (US$/MMBTU)-CANADIAN GAS PRICE REPORTER 
a) Ref Price B - Description: "NATURAL GAS- ICE NGX ENBRIDGE STATION #2 MONTH AHEAD 
INDEX (US$/MMBTU)-CANADIAN GAS PRICE REPORTER" means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "ICE NGX MONTHLY INDICES: ICE NGX Month Ahead & 


 
 
Bidweek: ICE NGX ENBRIDGE STATION #2 MONTH AHEAD: INDEX US$/MMBtu" in the issue of 
Canadian Gas Price Reporter that reports prices effective for that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price B - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
c) Ref Price B - Specified Price: Index US/MMBtu 
d) Ref Price B - Pricing Calendar: Canadian Gas Price Reporter 
e) Ref Price B - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code: IFED  
Clearing Venue: ICEU  
  
  
 
 


 
 
18.A.255 Enbridge Station 2 Basis Future  
Contract Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Canadian Gas Price Reporter for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: E2B 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 120 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
EFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS- ICE NGX ENBRIDGE STATION #2 MONTH AHEAD INDEX 
(US$/MMBTU)-CANADIAN GAS PRICE REPORTER 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "NATURAL GAS-ICE NGX ENBRIDGE STATION #2 MONTH AHEAD 
INDEX (US$/MMBTU)-CANADIAN GAS PRICE REPORTER" means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "ICE NGX MONTHLY INDICES: ICE NGX Month Ahead & 
Bidweek: ICE NGX ENBRIDGE STATION #2 MONTH AHEAD: INDEX US$/MMBtu" in the issue of 
Canadian Gas Price Reporter that reports prices effective for that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Index US/MMBtu 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing Calendar: Canadian Gas Price Reporter 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
REFERENCE PRICE B: NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a) Ref Price B - Description: Description "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub 
Natural Gas Futures Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the 
NYMEX on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price B - Pricing Date: Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date 


 
 
c) Ref Price B - Specified Price: Settlement price 
d) Ref Price B - Pricing Calendar: NYMEX 
e) Ref Price B - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code: IFED  
Clearing Venue: ICEU   
 
  
 
 


 
 
18.A.256 Transco Station 65 Swing Future  
Contract Description: A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the daily price published by 
Gas Daily for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: TZD 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 65 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day: Up to 120 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-TRANSCO-STATION-65-GAS DAILY 
a) Ref Price A - Description: “NATURAL GAS-TRANSCO-STATION-65-GAS DAILY" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Final Daily Gas Indices ($/MMBtu): 
Louisiana/Southeast, Transco, station 65: Midpoint” in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective 
on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Midpoint 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing Calendar: Gas Daily 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code: IFED  
Clearing Venue: ICEU  
  
  
 
 


 
 
18.A.257 Transco Station 65 Index Future  
Contract Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the monthly price published by Inside FERC, as defined in Reference Price B, from the average of the 
daily prices published by Gas Daily, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: TZC 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 120 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Average of the Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-TRANSCO-STATION-65-GAS DAILY 
a) Ref Price A - Description: “NATURAL GAS-TRANSCO-STATION-65-GAS DAILY” means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Final Daily Gas Indices ($/MMBtu): 
Louisiana/Southeast, Transco, station 65: Midpoint” in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices effective 
on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Midpoint 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing Calendar: Gas Daily 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Each calendar day in the Contract Period 
REFERENCE PRICE B: NATURAL GAS-TRANSCO-STATION-65-INSIDE-FERC 
a) Ref Price B - Description: “NATURAL GAS-TRANSCO-STATION-65-INSIDE-FERC” means that 
the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas Prices 
($/MMBtu): Louisiana/Southeast, Transco, station 65: Index” in the issue of Inside FERC that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date 
b) Ref Price B - Pricing Date: Pricing Date First publication date of the Contract Period 
c) Ref Price B - Specified Price: Index 


 
 
d) Ref Price B - Pricing Calendar: Inside FERC 
e) Ref Price B - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the last Business Day of the 
Contract Period 
MIC Code: IFED  
Clearing Venue: ICEU  
  
  
  
 
 


 
 
18.A.258 Transco Station 65 Basis Future  
Contract Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the price of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, as defined in Reference Price B, 
from the monthly price published by Inside FERC for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: TZB 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 120 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A prices minus Reference Price B 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-TRANSCO-STATION-65-INSIDE-FERC 
a) Ref Price A - Description: “NATURAL GAS-TRANSCO-STATION-65-INSIDE-FERC” means that 
the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas Prices 
($/MMBtu): Louisiana/Southeast, Transco, station 65: Index” in the issue of Inside FERC that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Index 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing Calendar: Inside FERC 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
REFERENCE PRICE B: NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a) Ref Price B - Description: “NATURAL GAS-NYMEX” means that the price for a Pricing Date will be 
that day's Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas 
Futures Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that 
Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price B - Pricing Date: Last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price B - Specified Price: Settlement price 


 
 
d) Ref Price B - Pricing Calendar: NYMEX 
e) Ref Price B - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code: IFED  
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 


18B-1 
 
Subchapter 18B - Power 
Futures Contracts 
 
Rule 
Subject 
Rule 18.B.001 
CAISO NP-15 Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.002 
CAISO SP-15 Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.003 
Reserved 
Rule 18.B.004 
ERCOT Houston 345KV Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.005 
ERCOT Houston Load Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.006 
ERCOT Houston Load Zone Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.007 
ERCOT North 345KV Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.008 
ERCOT North 345KV Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.009 
ERCOT North Load Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.010 
ERCOT North Load Zone Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.011 
ERCOT South 345KV Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.012 
ERCOT South Load Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.013 
ERCOT South Load Zone Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.014 
ERCOT West 345KV Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.015 
ERCOT West Load Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.016 
ERCOT West Load Zone Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.017 
ISO New England Connecticut Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.018 
ISO New England Maine Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.019 
Reserved  
Rule 18.B.020 
ISO New England Massachusetts Hub Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.021 
Reserved 
Rule 18.B.022 
ISO New England NE Massachusetts Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.023 
ISO New England New Hampshire Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.024 
ISO New England SE Massachusetts Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.025 
ISO New England West Central Massachusetts Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.026 
Mid-Columbia Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.027 
Reserved  
Rule 18.B.028 
MISO Illinois Hub Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.029 
MISO Indiana Hub Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.030 
MISO Indiana Hub Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.031 
Reserved  
Rule 18.B.032 
NYISO Zone A Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.033 
NYISO Zone C Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.034 
NYISO Zone F Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.035 
NYISO Zone G Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.036 
NYISO Zone J Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.037 
Palo Verde Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 


18B-2 
 
Rule 18.B.038 
PJM AECO Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.039 
PJM AEP Dayton Hub Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.041 
PJM AEP Dayton Hub Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.042 
PJM APS Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.043 
PJM BGE Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.044 
PJM ComEd Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.045 
PJM DPL Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.046 
PJM Duquesne Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.047 
PJM Eastern Hub Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.048 
PJM JCPL Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.049 
PJM METED Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.050 
PJM NI Hub Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.051 
PJM NI Hub Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.052 
PJM PECO Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.053 
PJM PENELEC Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.054 
PJM PEPCO Zone Day-Ahead Peak Month Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.055 
PJM PPL Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.056 
PJM PSEG Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.057 
PJM Western Hub Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.058 
Reserved  
Rule 18.B.059 
PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak (800 MWh)Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.060 
PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak (1 MW) Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.062 
CAISO NP-15 Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.063 
CAISO SP-15 Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.064 
ERCOT Houston 345KV Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.065 
ERCOT Houston 345KV Real-Time Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.066 
ERCOT Houston Load Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.067 
ERCOT Houston Load Zone Real-Time Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.068 
ERCOT North 345KV Real-Time Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.069 
ERCOT North Load Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.070 
ERCOT North Load Zone Real-Time Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.071 
ERCOT South 345KV Real-Time Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.072 
ERCOT South Load Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.073 
ERCOT South Load Zone Real-Time Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.074 
ERCOT West 345KV Real-Time Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.075 
ERCOT West Load Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.076 
ERCOT West Load Zone Real-Time Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.077 
ISO New England Connecticut Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.078 
ISO New England Maine Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.080 
ISO New England Massachusetts Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.081 
Reserved  
Rule 18.B.082 
ISO New England NE Massachusetts Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.083 
ISO New England New Hampshire Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.084 
ISO New England SE Massachusetts Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 


18B-3 
 
Rule 18.B.085 
ISO New England West Central Massachusetts Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.086 
Mid-Columbia Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.087 
MISO Illinois Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.088 
MISO Indiana Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.089 
MISO Indiana Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.090 
NYISO Zone A Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.091 
NYISO Zone C Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.092 
NYISO Zone F Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.093 
NYISO Zone G Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.094 
NYISO Zone J Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.095 
Palo Verde Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.096 
PJM AECO Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.097 
PJM AEP Dayton Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.099 
PJM AEP Dayton Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.100 
PJM APS Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.101 
PJM BGE Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.102 
PJM ComEd Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.103 
PJM DPL Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.104 
PJM Duquesne Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.105 
PJM Eastern Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.106 
PJM JCPL Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.107 
PJM METED Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.108 
PJM NI Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.109 
PJM NI Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.110 
PJM PECO Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.111 
PJM PENELEC Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.112 
PJM PEPCO Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.113 
PJM PPL Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.114 
PJM PSEG Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.115 
PJM Western Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.116 
Reserved 
Rule 18.B.117 
PJM Western Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.118 
Reserved  
Rule 18.B.119 
CAISO NP-15 Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.120 
CAISO NP-15 Real-Time Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.121 
CAISO Palo Verde Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.122 
CAISO SP-15 Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.123 
CAISO SP-15 Real-Time Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.124 
ERCOT Houston 345 KV Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.125 
ERCOT Houston 345KV Real-Time Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.126 
ERCOT Houston Load Zone Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.127 
ERCOT North 345 KV Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.128 
ERCOT North 345 KV Hub Real-Time Peak Daily Look Back Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.129 
ERCOT North 345KV Real-Time Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 


18B-4 
 
Rule 18.B.130 
ERCOT North Load Zone Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.131 
ERCOT South 345 KV Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.132 
ERCOT South 345KV Real-Time Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.133 
ERCOT South Load Zone Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.134 
ERCOT West 345 KV Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.135 
ERCOT West 345KV Real-Time Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.136 
ERCOT West Load Zone Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.137 
ISO New England Massachusetts Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.138 
Mid-Columbia Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.139 
MISO Indiana Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.140 
MISO Indiana Hub Real-Time Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.141 
MISO Indiana Hub Real-Time Peak Daily Look Back Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.142 
NYISO Zone A Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.143 
NYISO Zone G Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.144 
NYISO Zone J Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.145 
Palo Verde Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.146 
PJM AEP Dayton Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.147 
PJM AEP Dayton Hub Real-Time Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.148 
PJM AEP Dayton Hub Real-Time Peak Daily Look Back Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.149 
PJM Eastern Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.150 
PJM JCPL Zone Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.151 
PJM NI Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.152 
PJM NI Hub Real-Time Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.153 
PJM PEPCO Zone Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.154 
PJM PSEG Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.155 
PJM Western Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.156 
PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.157 
PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak Daily Look Back Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.158 
CAISO NP-15 Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.159 
CAISO NP-15 Real-Time Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.160 
CAISO SP-15 Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.161 
CAISO SP-15 Real-Time Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.162 
ERCOT Houston 345 KV Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.163 
ERCOT Houston 345KV Real-Time Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price  Future 
Rule 18.B.164 
ERCOT Houston Load Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.165 
ERCOT North 345 KV Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.166 
ERCOT North 345KV Real-Time Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.167 
ERCOT North Load Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.168 
ERCOT South 345 KV Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.169 
ERCOT South 345KV Real-Time Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.170 
ERCOT South Load Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.171 
ERCOT West 345 KV Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.172 
ERCOT West 345KV Real-Time Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.173 
ERCOT West Load Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 


18B-5 
 
Rule 18.B.174 
ISO New England Massachusetts Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.175 
Mid-Columbia Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.176 
MISO Indiana Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.177 
MISO Indiana Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.178 
NYISO Zone A Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.179 
NYISO Zone G Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.180 
NYISO Zone J Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.181 
Palo Verde Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Future 
Rule 18.B.182 
PJM AEP Dayton Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.183 
PJM AEP Dayton Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.184 
PJM Eastern Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.185 
PJM JCPL Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.186 
PJM NI Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.187 
PJM NI Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.188 
PJM PEPCO Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.189 
PJM PSEG Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.190 
PJM Western Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.191 
PJM Western Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.192 
Reserved 
 
Rule 18.B.193 
Reserved 
 
Rule 18.B.194 
Reserved 
 
Rule 18.B.195 
Reserved 
 
Rule 18.B.196 
Reserved 
 
Rule 18.B.197 
Reserved 
 
Rule 18.B.198 
NYISO Zone C Day-Ahead LBMP Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
 
Rule 18.B.199 
NYISO Zone C Day-Ahead LBMP Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future  
Rule 18.B.200 
NYISO Zone F Day-Ahead LBMP Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
 
Rule 18.B.201 
NYISO Zone F Day-Ahead LBMP Off Peak Daily Fixed Price Future  
Rule 18.B.202 
PJM Daily Load Future 
Rule 18.B.203 
ERCOT Daily Load Future 
Rule 18.B.204 
Reserved 
Rule 18.B.205 
ERCOT Capacity Responsive Reserve Future 
Rule 18.B.206 
Reserved 
Rule 18.B.207 
MISO Arkansas Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.208 
MISO Arkansas Hub Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.209 
Reserved 
Rule 18.B.210 
MISO Louisiana Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.211 
MISO Louisiana Hub Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.212 
MISO Michigan Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.213 
MISO Michigan Hub Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.214 
MISO Minnesota Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.215 
MISO Minnesota Hub Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.216 
MISO Texas Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.217 
MISO Texas Hub Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 


18B-6 
 
Rule 18.B.218 
MISO Texas Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rue 18.B.219 
MISO Texas Hub Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.220 
Reserved 
Rule 18.B.221 
Reserved 
Rule 18.B.222 
PJM ATSI Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.223 
PJM ATSI Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Future 
Rule 18.B.224 
PJM Deok Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.225 
PJM Deok Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.226 
Reserved 
Rule 18.B.227 
Reserved 
Rule 18.B.228 
SPP North Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.229 
SPP North Hub Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.230 
SPP South Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.231 
SPP South Hub Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Futures 
Rule 18.B.232 
ISO New England Massachusetts Hub Real-Time Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.233 
MISO Arkansas Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak 
Rule 18.B.234 
MISO Arkansas Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.235 
MISO Louisiana Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.236 
MISO Louisiana Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.237 
PJM ATSI Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.238 
PJM ATSI Zone Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.239 
SPP South Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.240 
SPP South Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.241  PJM AEP Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.242  PJM AEP ZONE Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.243  PJM FE Ohio Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.244  PJM FE Ohio Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.245  PJM AEP Zone Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.246  PJM AEP Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.247   PJM FE Ohio Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.248   PJM FE Ohio Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.249  MISO Texas Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.250  MISO Texas Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.251  SPP North Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.252  SPP North Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.253 
SPP South Hub Real-Time Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.254  SPP South Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.255 
CAISO NP-15 Minute Marker Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.256 
CAISO NP-15 Minute Maker Off-Peak daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.257 
CAISO NP-15 Minute Maker Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.258 
CAISO NP-15 Minute Maker Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.259 
ERCOT Non-Spinning Reserve Future 
Rule 18.B.260 
ERCOT Regulation DOWN future 
Rule 18.B.261 
ERCOT Regulation UP Future 
Rule 18.B.262  NYISO Zone G Real-Time Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.263 
NYISO Zone G Real-Time Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.264 
NYISO Zone A Real-Time Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 


18B-7 
 
Rule 18.B.265 
NYISO Zone A Real-Time Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.266 
NYISO Zone D Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.267 
NYISO Zone D Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.268 
NYISO Zone D Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.269  NYISO Zone D Day-Ahead Peak Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.270 
ISO New England Rhode Island Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.271 
ISO New England Rhode Island Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.272 
MISO AMIL BGS6 Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.273 
MISO AMIL BGS6 Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.274 
NYISO NYC In-city Capacity Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.275 
NYISO Rest of State Capacity Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.276 
PJM AECO Zone Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.277 
PJM AECO Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.278 
PJM BGE Zone Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.279 
PJM BGE Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.280 
PJM ComEd Zone Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.281 
PJM ComEd Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.282 
PJM Deok Zone Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.283 
PJM Deok Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.284 
PJM METED Zone Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.285 
PJM METED Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.286 
PJM PECO Zone Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.287  PJM PECO Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.288 
PJM PPL Zone Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.289 
PJM PPL Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.290 
PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak 50 MW Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.291 
Reserved 
Rule 18.B.292 
Reserved 
Rule 18.B.293 
Reserved 
Rule 18.B.294 
Reserved 
Rule 18.B.295 
Reserved 
Rule 18.B.296 
Reserved 
Rule 18.B.297 
Reserved 
Rule 18.B.298 
Reserved 
Rule 18.B.299 
ERCOT North 345KV Day-Ahead Peak Daily 80 MWh Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.300 
PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak Calendar Year One Time Mini Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.301 
NYISO Lower Hudson Valley Capacity Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.302 
SPP North Hub Real-Time Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.303 
SPP North Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.304 
CAISO Malin Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.305  PJM DOM Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.306 
PJM DOM Zone Day-Ahead Off Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.307 
ERCOT Houston 345KV Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.308 
ERCOT Houston 345KV Day-Ahead Off Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.309 
ERCOT South 345KV Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Future 
Rule 18.B.310 
ERCOT South 345KV Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.311 
ERCOT West 345KV Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.312 
ERCOT West 345KV Day-Ahead Off Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.313 
NYISO Zone K Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.314 
NYISO Zone K Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.315 
NYISO Zone K Day-Ahead LBMP Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 


18B-8 
 
Rule 18.B.316 
NYISO Zone K Day-Ahead LBMP Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.317 
NYISO Zone B Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.318 
NYISO Zone B Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.319 
NYISO Zone E Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.320 
NYISO Zone E Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.321 
NYISO Zone I Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.322 
NYISO Zone I Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.323 
PJM DAY Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.324 
PJM DAY Day-Ahead Off Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.325 
PJM SOUTH Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.326 
PJM SOUTH Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.327 
PJM PENN Power Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.328 
PJM PENN Power Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.329 
PJM PEPCO MD Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.330 
PJM PEPCO MD Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.331 
MISO Minnesota Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.332 
MISO Minnesota Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.333 
MISO Michigan Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.334 
MISO Michigan Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.335 
MISO AMIL.BGS6 Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.336 
MISO AMIL.BGS6 Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.337 
CAISO NP-15 Day-Ahead Peak Daily HE 0900-1600 Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.338 
CAISO SP-15 Day-Ahead Peak Daily HE 0900-1600 Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.339 
Weekly PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak Average Price Future 
Rule 18.B.340  CAISO NP-15 Day-Ahead Peak HE 0900-1600 Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.341  CAISO SP-15 Day-Ahead Peak HE 0900-1600 Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.342 
Reserved 
Rule 18.B.343 
Reserved 
Rule 18.B.344 
PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak 2x16 Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.345 
ERCOT North 345KV Real-Time Peak 2x16 Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.346 
PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak Daily Mini Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.347 
ERCOT North 345KV Hub Real-time Peak Daily Mini Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.348 
ISO New England Massachusetts Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Mini Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.349 
PJM COMEED RESID AGG Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.350 
PJM COMED RESID AGG Day-Ahead-Off Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.351  CAISO SP-15 Day-Ahead HE 0900-1600 Fixed Price Future, 7X 
Rule 18.B.352 
CAISO NP-15 Day-Ahead HE 0900-1600 Fixed Price Future, 7X 
Rule 18.B.353  ERCOT Panhandle 345KV Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.354  ERCOT Panhandle 345KV Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.355  PJM BGE Zone Real-Time Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.356  PJM BGE Zone Real-Time Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.357  PJM PPL Zone Real-Time Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.358  PJM PPL Zone Real-Time Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.359  ERCOT Panhandle 345KV Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.360  ERCOT Panhandle 345KV Real-Time Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.361 
ERCOT North 345KV Real-Time 7x8 Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.362 
ERCOT Houston 345KV Real-Time 7x8 Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.363 
ERCOT South 345KV Real-Time 7x8 Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.364 
ERCOT West 345KV Real-Time 7x8 Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.365 
ERCOT Panhandle 345KV Real-Time 7x8 Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.366 
ERCOT Panhandle 345KV Real-Time Daily Peak Fixed Price Future 


18B-9 
 
Rule 18.B.367 
ERCOT Panhandle 345 KV Real-Time Daily Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.368  PJM AEP Dayton Hub Day-Ahead Peak Energy + Congestion Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.369  PJM AEP Dayton Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Energy + Congestion Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.370  PJM NI Hub Day-Ahead Peak Energy + Congestion Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.371  PJM NI Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Energy + Congestion Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.372  PJM Western Hub Day-Ahead Peak Energy + Congestion Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.373  PJM Western Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Energy + Congestion Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.374  PJM PPL Zone Day-Ahead Peak Energy + Congestion Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.375  PJM PPL Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Energy + Congestion Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.376  PJM PEPCO Zone Day-Ahead Peak Energy + Congestion Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.377  PJM PEPCO Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Energy + Congestion Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.378  PJM PSEG Day-Ahead Peak Energy + Congestion Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.379  PJM PSEG Day-Ahead Off-Peak Energy + Congestion Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.380 NYISO Zone G Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.381  NYISO Zone G Real-Time Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.382  ISO New England Massachusetts Hub Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.383  ISO New England Massachusetts Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.384  ISO New England Massachusetts Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.385  ISO New England Massachusetts Hub Day-Ahead Peak 2x16 Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.386  NYISO Zone G Day-Ahead Peak Daily Mini Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.387  NYISO Zone A Day-Ahead Peak Daily Mini Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.388  ERCOT North 345KV Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Daily Mini Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.389  CAISO NP-15 Day-Ahead HE 0700-0800, 1700-2200 Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.390  CAISO NP-15 Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Mini Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.391  CAISO NP-15 Day-Ahead Peak Daily Mini Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.392  CAISO SP-15 Day-Ahead HE 0700-0800, 1700-2200 Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.393  CAISO SP-15 Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Mini Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.394  CAISO SP-15 Day-Ahead Peak Daily Mini Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.395  ERCOT Houston 345KV Hub Real-Time Peak 2x16 Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.396  ERCOT Houston 345KV Hub Real-Time Peak 7x16 Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.397  ERCOT North 345KV Hub Real-Time Peak 7x16 Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.398  ERCOT North 345KV Hub Real-Time Peak Daily HE 1000-1700 Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.399  ERCOT North 345KV Hub Real-Time Peak HE 1000-1700 Fixed Price Future, 7X 
Rule 18.B.400  ERCOT South 345KV Hub Real-Time Peak 2x16 Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.401  ERCOT South 345KV Hub Real-Time Peak 7x16 Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.402  ERCOT West 345KV Hub Real-Time Peak 2x16 Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.403  ERCOT West 345KV Hub Real-Time Peak 7x16 Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.404  Mead 230 Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.405  Mead 230 Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.406  Mid-Columbia Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Mini Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.407  Mid-Columbia Day-Ahead Peak Daily Mini Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.408 Palo Verde Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Mini Price Future 
Rule 18.B.409 Palo Verde Day-Ahead Peak Daily Mini Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.410  PJM Western Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Mini Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.411  PJM Western Hub Day-Ahead Peak HE 1000-1700 Fixed Price Future, 7X 
Rule 18.B.412  PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak HE 1000-1700 Fixed Price Future, 7X 
 
 


18B-10 
 
 
Rule 18.B.413  ERCOT North 345 KV Real-Time HE 1800-2200 Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.414  ERCOT South 345 KV Real-Time HE 1800-2200 Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.415  ERCOT West 345 KV Real-Time HE 1800-2200 Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.416 ERCOT Houston 345 KV Real-Time HE 1800-2200 Fixed Price Future 
Rule 18.B.417 ERCOT Contingency Reserve Service Future 
 
 
 


18B-11 
 
Rule 18.B.001 CAISO NP-15 Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical 
average of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by CAISO for 
the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NPM 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; 
minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 86 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-CAISO-NP15-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-CAISO-NP15-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the California ISO at 
http://oasis.caiso.com/mrioasis/logon.do,  under the headings "Prices: Locational Marginal 
Prices (LMP): P/APNode ID: TH_NP15_GEN-APND: Market: DAM" that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Saturday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are 
reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 PPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  CAISO 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The fourth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18B-12 
 
Rule 18.B.002 CAISO SP-15 Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by CAISO for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  SPM 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 110 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-CAISO-SP15-DAY AHEAD 
a) a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-CAISO-SP15-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by the California ISO at : http://oasis.caiso.com, under the headings "Prices: Report: 
Reference Prices: P/APNode ID: TH_SP15_GEN-APND"  that reports prices effective on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Saturday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported 
for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 PPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  CAISO 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The fourth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 


18B-13 
 
Rule 18.B.003 Reserved   
Rule 18.B.004 ERCOT Houston 345KV Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  ERH 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-HOUSTON 345KV HUB-REAL TIME 
a) Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-HOUSTON 345KV HUB-REAL TIME” means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/real_time_spp for that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 CPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ERCOT 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-14 
 
Rule 18.B.005 ERCOT Houston Load Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  HZB 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-HOUSTON LOAD ZONE-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-HOUSTON LOAD ZONE-DAY AHEAD” means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/dam_spp for that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 CPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ERCOT 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-15 
 
Rule 18.B.006 ERCOT Houston Load Zone Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  EDH 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-HOUSTON LOAD ZONE-REAL TIME 
a) Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-HOUSTON LOAD ZONE-REAL TIME” means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/real_time_spp for that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 CPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ERCOT 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-16 
 
Rule 18.B.007 ERCOT North 345KV Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  EVN 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH 345KV HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH 345KV HUB-DAY AHEAD” means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/dam_spp for that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of SPP for all hours ending 0700-2200 CPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ERCOT 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-17 
 
Rule 18.B.008 ERCOT North 345KV Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  ERN 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH 345KV HUB-REAL TIME 
a) a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH 345KV HUB-REAL TIME” means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/real_time_spp for that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 CPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ERCOT 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-18 
 
Rule 18.B.009 ERCOT North Load Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NZB 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH LOAD ZONE-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH LOAD ZONE-DAY AHEAD” means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/dam_spp for that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 CPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ERCOT 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-19 
 
Rule 18.B.010 ERCOT North Load Zone Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  EDN 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH LOAD ZONE-REAL TIME 
a) a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH LOAD ZONE-REAL TIME” means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/real_time_spp for that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 CPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ERCOT 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-20 
 
Rule 18.B.011 ERCOT South 345KV Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  ERS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-SOUTH 345KV HUB-REAL TIME 
a) a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-SOUTH 345KV HUB-REAL TIME” means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/real_time_spp for that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 CPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ERCOT 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-21 
 
Rule 18.B.012 ERCOT South Load Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  SZB 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-SOUTH LOAD ZONE-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-SOUTH LOAD ZONE-DAY AHEAD” means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/dam_spp for that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 CPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ERCOT 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-22 
 
Rule 18.B.013 ERCOT South Load Zone Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  EDS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-SOUTH LOAD ZONE-REAL TIME 
a) Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-SOUTH LOAD ZONE-REAL TIME” means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/real_time_spp for that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 CPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ERCOT 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-23 
 
Rule 18.B.014 ERCOT West 345KV Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  ERW 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-WEST 345KV HUB-REAL TIME 
a) Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-WEST 345KV HUB-REAL TIME” means that the price for 
a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/real_time_spp for that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 CPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ERCOT 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-24 
 
Rule 18.B.015 ERCOT West Load Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  WZB 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-WEST LOAD ZONE-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-WEST LOAD ZONE-DAY AHEAD” means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/dam_spp for that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 CPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ERCOT 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-25 
 
Rule 18.B.016 ERCOT West Load Zone Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  EDW 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-WEST LOAD ZONE-REAL TIME 
a) Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-WEST LOAD ZONE-REAL TIME” means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/real_time_spp for that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 CPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ERCOT 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-26 
 
Rule 18.B.017 ISO New England Connecticut Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by ISO New England for the 
location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  ICP 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-CONNECTICUT-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-CONNECTICUT-DAY AHEAD" means that 
the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ISO New England at http://www.iso-
ne.com/markets, under the headings "Hourly Data: Selectable Hourly LMP Data: 
4004_:_.Z.CONNECTICUT: Start Date/End Date: LMP prices for Day-ahead and Real-time: Day 
Ahead LMP" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ISO New England 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-27 
 
Rule 18.B.018 ISO New England Maine Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by ISO New England for the 
location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  IEB 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-MAINE-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-MAINE-DAY AHEAD” means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, which Specified Price will be the Specified Price, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by 
the ISO New England at http://www.iso-ne.com/markets/hst_rpts/hstRpts.do, or any successor 
website, under the headings "Hourly Data: Day Ahead LMPs: Locational Marginal Price" for the 
Location Name ".Z.MAINE", or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ISO New England 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18B-28 
 
Rule 18.B.019 Reserved 
Rule 18.B.020 ISO New England Massachusetts Hub Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by ISO New England for the 
location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NEP 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 86 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-MASS HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-MASS HUB-DAY AHEAD" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ISO New England at http://www.iso-
ne.com/markets, under the headings "Hourly Data: Selectable Hourly LMP Data: 
4000_:_.H.INTERNAL_HUB: Start Date/End Date: LMP prices for Day-ahead and Real-time: Day 
Ahead LMP" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ISO New England 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18B-29 
 
Rule 18.B.021 Reserved 
Rule 18.B.022 ISO New England NE Massachusetts Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by ISO New England for the 
location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  INB 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-NE MASS BOSTON-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-NE MASS BOSTON-DAY AHEAD" means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery 
on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ISO New England at http://www.iso-
ne.com/markets, under the headings "Hourly Data: Selectable Hourly LMP Data: 
4008_:_.Z.NEMASSBOST: Start Date/End Date: LMP prices for Day-ahead and Real-time: Day 
Ahead LMP" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ISO New England 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-30 
 
Rule 18.B.023 ISO New England New Hampshire Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by ISO New England for the 
location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  IHB 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-NEW HAMPSHIRE-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-NEW HAMPSHIRE-DAY AHEAD” means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery 
on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ISO New England at http://www.iso-
ne.com/markets, under the headings "Hourly Data: Selectable Hourly LMP Data: 
4002_:_.Z.NEMHAMPSHIRE: Start Date/End Date: LMP prices for Day-ahead and Real-time: Real 
Time LMP" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ISO New England 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-31 
 
Rule 18.B.024 ISO New England SE Massachusetts Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by ISO New England for the 
location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  IMB 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-SE MASS-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-SE MASS-DAY AHEAD” means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ISO New England at http://www.iso-
ne.com/markets, under the headings "Hourly Data: Selectable Hourly LMP Data: 
4006_:_.Z.SEMASS: Start Date/End Date: LMP prices for Day-ahead and Real-time: Real Time 
LMP" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ISO New England 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-32 
 
Rule 18.B.025 ISO New England West Central Massachusetts Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by ISO New England for the 
location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  IWB 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-WC MASS-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-WC MASS-DAY AHEAD” means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ISO New England at http://www.iso-
ne.com/markets, under the headings "Hourly Data: Selectable Hourly LMP Data: 
4007_:_.Z.WCMASS: Start Date/End Date: LMP prices for Day-ahead and Real-time: Real Time 
LMP" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ISO New England 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-33 
 
Rule 18.B.026 Mid-Columbia Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by ICE for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  MDC 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 110 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-MID C PEAK-ICE 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-MID C PEAK-ICE" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be 
that day's Specified Price per MWh of on-peak electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by ICE at www.theice.com, under the headings "Market Data: Indices: 
Market: ICE OTC: Report: North American Power: Hub: Mid C Peak" or any successor headings, 
that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Saturday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported 
for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Avg 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ICE 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The first Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18B-34 
 
Rule 18.B.027 Reserved 
Rule 18.B.028 MISO Illinois Hub Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by MISO for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  MLB 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-MISO-ILLINOIS HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-MISO-ILLINOIS HUB-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by MISO at 
https://www.midwestiso.org/Library/MarketReports/Pages/MarketReports.aspx, under the headings 
"Library: Market Reports" or any successor headings,  that reports prices effective on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  MISO 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-35 
 
Rule 18.B.029 MISO Indiana Hub Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by MISO for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  MCC 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-MISO-INDIANA HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-MISO-INDIANA HUB-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the MISO at 
https://www.midwestiso.org/Library/MarketReports/Pages/MarketReports.aspx, under the headings 
"Library: Market Reports" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  MISO 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-36 
 
Rule 18.B.030 MISO Indiana Hub Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by MISO for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  CIN 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 86 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-MISO-INDIANA HUB-REAL TIME 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-MISO-INDIANA HUB-REAL TIME" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the MISO at 
https://www.midwestiso.org/Library/MarketReports/Pages/MarketReports.aspx, under the headings 
"Library: Market Reports" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  MISO 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18B-37 
 
Rule 18.B.031 Reserved 
Rule 18.B.032 NYISO Zone A Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by NYISO for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NAY 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 86 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE A (WEST)-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE A (WEST)-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, which Specified Price will be the Specified Price for each hour during the Delivery Period, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the NYISO at http://www.nyiso.com/oasis/index.html, under the 
headings "Pricing Data: Day Ahead Market LBMP: Zonal: WEST 61752: LBMP ($/MWhr)" or any 
successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LBMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYISO 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-38 
 
Rule 18.B.033 NYISO Zone C Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by NYISO for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  ZCB 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE C (CENTRL)-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE C (CENTRL)-DAY AHEAD” means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's average of the hourly prices per MWh of electricity for delivery 
on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the the NYISO at 
http://www.nyiso.com/public/oasis/index.html, under the headings " Pricing Data: Day Ahead Market 
LBMP: Zonal: CENTRL 61754: LBMP ($/MWhr)" or any successor headings, that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LBMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYISO 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-39 
 
Rule 18.B.034 NYISO Zone F Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by NYISO for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  ZFB 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE F (CAPITL)-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE F (CAPITL)-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for 
a Pricing Date will be that day's average of the hourly prices per MWh of electricity for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the NYISO at 
http://www.nyiso.com/public/oasis/index.html, under the headings " Pricing Data: Day Ahead Market 
LBMP: Zonal: CAPITL 61757: LBMP ($/MWhr)" or any successor headings, that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LBMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYISO 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-40 
 
Rule 18.B.035 NYISO Zone G Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by NYISO for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NGY 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 86 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE G (HUD VL)-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE G (HUD VL)-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for 
a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, which Specified Price will be the Specified Price for each hour during the Delivery Period, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the NYISO at http://www.nyiso.com/oasis/index.html, under the 
headings " Pricing Data: Day Ahead Market LBMP: Zonal: HUD VL 61758: LBMP ($/MWhr)" or 
any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LBMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYISO 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-41 
 
Rule 18.B.036 NYISO Zone J Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by NYISO for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NJY 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 86 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE J (N.Y.C.)-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE J (N.Y.C.)-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, which Specified Price will be the Specified Price for each hour during the Delivery Period, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the NYISO at http://www.nyiso.com/public/oasis/index.html, 
under the headings " Pricing Data: Day Ahead Market LBMP: Zonal: N.Y.C. 61761: LBMP 
($/MWhr)" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LBMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYISO 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-42 
 
Rule 18.B.037 Palo Verde Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by ICE for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PVM 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 110 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PALO VERDE PEAK-ICE 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PALO VERDE PEAK-ICE" means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MWH of on-peak electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by ICE at www.theice.com, under the headings "Day Ahead Power: 
ICE Daily Indices: Hub: Palo Verde Peak: Wtd Avg Index" or any successor headings, that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Saturday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported 
for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Avg 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ICE 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The first Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-43 
 
Rule 18.B.038 PJM AECO Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PTB 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-AECO-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-PJM-AECO-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-
ahead.aspx, under the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-
Ahead Data: AECO" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-44 
 
Rule 18.B.039 PJM AEP Dayton Hub Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  ADB 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-AEP DAYTON HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-AEP DAYTON HUB-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-
operations/energy/day-ahead.aspx, under the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal 
Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-Ahead Data: AEP-DAYTON HUB" or any successor headings, that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-45 
 
Rule 18.B.041 PJM AEP Dayton Hub Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  MSO 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 86 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-AEP DAYTON HUB-REAL TIME 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-AEP DAYTON HUB-REAL TIME" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-
operations/energy/real-time/lmp.aspx, under the headings "Daily Real-Time LMP: Daily Real-Time 
Locational Marginal Pricing Files: AEP-DAYTON HUB" or any successor headings, that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-46 
 
Rule 18.B.042 PJM APS Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PUB 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-APS-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-PJM-APS-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-
ahead.aspx, under the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-
Ahead Data: APS" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-47 
 
Rule 18.B.043 PJM BGE Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  BGY 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-BGE-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-PJM-BGE-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-
ahead.aspx, under the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-
Ahead Data: BGE" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-48 
 
Rule 18.B.044 PJM ComEd Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  CEP 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-COMED-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-PJM-COMED-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-
ahead.aspx, under the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-
Ahead Data: COMED" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-49 
 
Rule 18.B.045 PJM DPL Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price   Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PXB 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-DPL-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-PJM-DPL-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-
ahead.aspx, under the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-
Ahead Data: DPL" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-50 
 
Rule 18.B.046 PJM Duquesne Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PQB 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-DUQ-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-PJM-DUQ-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-
ahead.aspx, under the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-
Ahead Data: DUQ" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-51 
 
Rule 18.B.047 PJM Eastern Hub Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PEB 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-EASTERN HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-EASTERN HUB-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets/energy-
market/day-ahead.html, under the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): 
LMP Day-Ahead Data: EASTERN HUB" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on 
that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-52 
 
Rule 18.B.048 PJM JCPL Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  JCB 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-JCPL-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-PJM-JCPL-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by PJM at  http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-
ahead.aspx, under the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-
Ahead Data: JCPL" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-53 
 
Rule 18.B.049 PJM METED Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PMB 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-METED-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-PJM-METED-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at  http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-
ahead.aspx, under the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-
Ahead Data: METED" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-54 
 
Rule 18.B.050 PJM NI Hub Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NIB 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-NORTHERN ILLINOIS HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-NORTHERN ILLINOIS HUB-DAY AHEAD" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets/energy-
market/day-ahead.html, under the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): 
LMP Day-Ahead Data: N ILLINOIS HUB" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on 
that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-55 
 
Rule 18.B.051 PJM NI Hub Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PNL 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 86 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-NORTHERN ILLINOIS HUB-REAL TIME 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-NORTHERN ILLINOIS HUB-REAL TIME" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets/energy-
market/real-time.html, under the headings "Daily Real-Time LMP: Daily Real-Time Locational 
Marginal Pricing Files: N ILLINOIS HUB" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on 
that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-56 
 
Rule 18.B.052 PJM PECO Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PCP 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-PECO-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-PJM-PECO-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-
ahead.aspx, under the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-
Ahead Data: PECO" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-57 
 
Rule 18.B.053 PJM PENELEC Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PZB 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-PENELEC-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-PJM-PENELEC-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-
operations/energy/day-ahead.aspx, under the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal 
Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-Ahead Data: PENELEC" or any successor headings, that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-58 
 
Rule 18.B.054 PJM PEPCO Zone Day-Ahead Peak Month Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PPF 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-PEPCO-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-PJM-PEPCO-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-
ahead.aspx, under the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-
Ahead Data: PEPCO" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-59 
 
Rule 18.B.055 PJM PPL Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PPP 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-PPL-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-PJM-PPL-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-
ahead.aspx, under the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-
Ahead Data: PPL" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-60 
 
Rule 18.B.056 PJM PSEG Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PSA 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-PSEG-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-PSEG-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's average of the hourly price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets/energy-
market/day-ahead.html, under the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): 
LMP Day-Ahead Data: PSEG" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-61 
 
Rule 18.B.057 PJM Western Hub Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PJC 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets/energy-
market/day-ahead.html, under the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): 
LMP Day-Ahead Data: WESTERN HUB" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on 
that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-62 
 
Rule 18.B.058 Reserved 


18B-63 
 
Rule 18.B.059 PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak (800 MWh) Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PJM 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  800 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 110 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-REAL TIME 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-REAL TIME" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets/energy-
market/real-time.html, under the headings "Daily Real-Time LMP: Daily Real-Time Locational 
Marginal Pricing Files: WESTERN HUB" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on 
that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-64 
 
Rule 18.B.060 PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak (1 MW) Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PMI 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 110 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-REAL TIME 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-REAL TIME" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets/energy-
market/real-time.html, under the headings "Daily Real-Time LMP: Daily Real-Time Locational 
Marginal Pricing Files: WESTERN HUB" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on 
that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-65 
 
Rule 18.B.062 CAISO NP-15 Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by CAISO for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  ONP 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 86 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-CAISO-NP15-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-CAISO-NP15-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the California ISO at http://oasis.caiso.com/mrioasis/logon.do, 
under the headings "Prices: Locational Marginal Prices (LMP): P/APNode ID: TH_NP15_GEN-
APND: Market: DAM" that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  For each Monday through Saturday, excluding NERC Holidays, the average of 
LMPs for all hours ending 0100-0600, 2300-2400 PPT; for each Sunday and NERC holiday, the 
average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 PPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  CAISO 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The fourth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-66 
 
Rule 18.B.063 CAISO SP-15 Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by CAISO for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  OFP 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 110 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-CAISO-SP15-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  “ELECTRICITY-CAISO-SP15-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by the California ISO at http://oasis.caiso.com, under the headings "Prices: 
Report: Reference Prices: P/APNode ID: TH_SP15_GEN-APND"  that reports prices effective on 
that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  For each Monday through Saturday, excluding NERC Holidays, the average of 
LMPs for all hours ending 0100-0600, 2300-2400 PPT; for each Sunday and NERC holiday, the 
average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 PPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  CAISO 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The fourth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-67 
 
Rule 18.B.064 ERCOT North 345KV Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NEV 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH 345KV HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH 345KV HUB-DAY AHEAD” means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/dam_spp for that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of SPPs 
for all hours ending 0100-0600, 2300-2400 CPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the 
average of SPPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 CPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ERCOT 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-68 
 
Rule 18.B.065 ERCOT Houston 345KV Real-Time Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  HEB 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-HOUSTON 345KV HUB-REAL TIME 
a) Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-HOUSTON 345KV HUB-REAL TIME” means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/real_time_spp for that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of SPPs 
for all hours ending 0100-0600, 2300-2400 CPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the 
average of SPPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 CPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ERCOT 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-69 
 
Rule 18.B.066 ERCOT Houston Load Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  HZD 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 45 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-HOUSTON LOAD ZONE-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-HOUSTON LOAD ZONE-DAY AHEAD” means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/dam_spp for that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of SPPs  
for all hours ending 0100-0600, 2300-2400 CPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the 
average of SPPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 CPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ERCOT 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-70 
 
Rule 18.B.067 ERCOT Houston Load Zone Real-Time Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  OEH 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-HOUSTON LOAD ZONE-REAL TIME 
a) Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-HOUSTON LOAD ZONE-REAL TIME” means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/real_time_spp for that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of SPPs 
for all hours ending 0100-0600, 2300-2400 CPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the 
average of SPPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 CPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ERCOT 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-71 
 
Rule 18.B.068 ERCOT North 345KV Real-Time Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NEB 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH 345KV HUB-REAL TIME 
a) a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH 345KV HUB-REAL TIME” means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/real_time_spp  for that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of SPPs 
for all hours ending 0100-0600, 2300-2400 CPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the 
average of SPPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 CPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ERCOT 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-72 
 
Rule 18.B.069 ERCOT North Load Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NZD 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH LOAD ZONE-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH LOAD ZONE-DAY AHEAD” means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/dam_spp for that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of SPPs 
for all hours ending 0100-0600, 2300-2400 CPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the 
average of SPPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 CPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ERCOT 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-73 
 
Rule 18.B.070 ERCOT North Load Zone Real-Time Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  OEN 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH LOAD ZONE-REAL TIME 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH LOAD ZONE-REAL TIME” means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/real_time_spp for that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of SPPs 
for all hours ending 0100-0600, 2300-2400 CPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the 
average of SPPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 CPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ERCOT 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-74 
 
Rule 18.B.071 ERCOT South 345KV Real-Time Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  SEB 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-SOUTH 345KV HUB-REAL TIME 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-SOUTH 345KV HUB-REAL TIME” means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/real_time_spp for that Pricing Date 
 b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of SPPs 
for all hours ending 0100-0600, 2300-2400 CPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the 
average of SPPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 CPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ERCOT 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-75 
 
Rule 18.B.072 ERCOT South Load Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  SZD 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-SOUTH LOAD ZONE-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-SOUTH LOAD ZONE-DAY AHEAD” means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/dam_spp for that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of SPPs 
for all hours ending 0100-0600, 2300-2400 CPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the 
average of SPPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 CPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ERCOT 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-76 
 
Rule 18.B.073 ERCOT South Load Zone Real-Time Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  OES 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-SOUTH LOAD ZONE-REAL TIME 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-SOUTH LOAD ZONE-REAL TIME” means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/real_time_spp for that Pricing Date 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of SPPs 
for all hours ending 0100-0600, 2300-2400 CPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the 
average of SPPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 CPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ERCOT 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-77 
 
Rule 18.B.074 ERCOT West 345KV Real-Time Off-Peak Fixed Price Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  WEB 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-WEST 345KV HUB-REAL TIME 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-WEST 345KV HUB-REAL TIME” means that the price for 
a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/real_time_spp for that Pricing Date 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the 
average of SPPs for all hours ending 0100-0600, 2300-2400 CPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and 
NERC holiday, the average of SPPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 CPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ERCOT 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-78 
 
Rule 18.B.075 ERCOT West Load Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  WZD 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-WEST LOAD ZONE-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-WEST LOAD ZONE-DAY AHEAD” means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/dam_spp for that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of SPPs 
for all hours ending 0100-0600, 2300-2400 CPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the 
average of SPPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 CPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ERCOT 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-79 
 
Rule 18.B.076 ERCOT West Load Zone Real-Time Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  OEW 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-WEST LOAD ZONE-REAL TIME 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-WEST LOAD ZONE-REAL TIME” means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/real_time_spp for that Pricing Date 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c)   Specified Price:  Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the 
average of SPPs for all hours ending 0100-0600, 2300-2400 CPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and 
NERC holiday, the average of SPPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 CPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ERCOT 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-80 
 
Rule 18.B.077 ISO New England Connecticut Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by ISO New England for 
the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  ICO 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND CONNECTICUT-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-CONNECTICUT-DAY AHEAD" means that 
the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ISO New England at http://www.iso-
ne.com/markets, under the headings "Hourly Data: Selectable Hourly LMP Data: 
4004_:_.Z.CONNECTICUT: Start Date/End Date: LMP prices for Day-ahead and Real-time: Day 
Ahead LMP" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs 
for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the 
average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ISO New England 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-81 
 
Rule 18.B.078 ISO New England Maine Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by ISO New England for 
the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  IED 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-MAINE-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-MAINE-DAY AHEAD” means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, which Specified Price will be the Specified Price, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by 
the ISO New England at http://www.iso-ne.com/markets/hst_rpts/hstRpts.do, or any successor 
website, under the headings "Hourly Data: Day Ahead LMPs: Locational Marginal Price" for the 
Location Name ".Z.MAINE", or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs 
for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the 
average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ISO New England 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-82 
 
Rule 18.B.080 ISO New England Massachusetts Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by ISO New England for 
the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NOP 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-MASS HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-MASS HUB-DAY AHEAD" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ISO New England at http://www.iso-
ne.com/markets, under the headings "Hourly Data: Selectable Hourly LMP Data: 
4000_:_.H.INTERNAL_HUB: Start Date/End Date: LMP prices for Day-ahead and Real-time: Day 
Ahead LMP" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs 
for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the 
average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ISO New England 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-83 
 
Rule 18.B.081 Reserved 
Rule 18.B.082 ISO New England NE Massachusetts Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by ISO New England for 
the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  IND 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-NE MASS BOSTON-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-NE MASS BOSTON-DAY AHEAD" means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery 
on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ISO New England at http://www.iso-
ne.com/markets, under the headings "Hourly Data: Selectable Hourly LMP Data: 
4008_:_.Z.NEMASSBOST: Start Date/End Date: LMP prices for Day-ahead and Real-time: Day 
Ahead LMP" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs 
for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the 
average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ISO New England 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-84 
 
Rule 18.B.083 ISO New England New Hampshire Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by ISO New England for 
the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  IHD 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-NEW HAMPSHIRE-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-NEW HAMPSHIRE-DAY AHEAD” means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery 
on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ISO New England at http://www.iso-
ne.com/markets, under the headings "Hourly Data: Selectable Hourly LMP Data: 
4002_:_.Z.NEMHAMPSHIRE: Start Date/End Date: LMP prices for Day-ahead and Real-time: Real 
Time LMP" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs 
for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the 
average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ISO New England 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-85 
 
Rule 18.B.084 ISO New England SE Massachusetts Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by ISO New England for 
the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  IMD 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-SE MASS-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-SE MASS-DAY AHEAD” means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ISO New England at http://www.iso-
ne.com/markets, under the headings "Hourly Data: Selectable Hourly LMP Data: 
4006_:_.Z.SEMASS: Start Date/End Date: LMP prices for Day-ahead and Real-time: Real Time 
LMP" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs 
for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the 
average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ISO New England 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-86 
 
Rule 18.B.085 ISO New England West Central Massachusetts Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by ISO New England for 
the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  IWD 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-WC MASS-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-WC MASS-DAY AHEAD” means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ISO New England at http://www.iso-
ne.com/markets, under the headings "Hourly Data: Selectable Hourly LMP Data: 
4007_:_.Z.WCMASS: Start Date/End Date: LMP prices for Day-ahead and Real-time: Real Time 
LMP" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs 
for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the 
average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ISO New England 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-87 
 
Rule 18.B.086 Mid-Columbia Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by ICE for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  OMC 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 110 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-MID C OFF-PEAK-ICE 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-MID C OFF-PEAK-ICE" means that the price for a Pricing Date will 
be that day's Specified Price per MWh of off-peak electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated 
in U.S. Dollars, published by ICE at www.theice.com, under the headings "Market Data: Indices: 
Market: ICE OTC: Report: North American Power: Hub: Mid C Off-Peak" or any successor 
headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Avg 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ICE 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The first Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-88 
 
Rule 18.B.087 MISO Illinois Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by MISO for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  MLD 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-MISO-ILLINOIS HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-MISO-ILLINOIS HUB-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by MISO at 
https://www.midwestiso.org/Library/MarketReports/Pages/MarketReports.aspx, under the headings 
"Library: Market Reports" or any successor headings,  that reports prices effective on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs 
for all hours, EST, that are not ending 0800-2300 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC 
holiday, the average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EST 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  MISO 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-89 
 
Rule 18.B.088 MISO Indiana Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by MISO for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  MCD 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-MISO-INDIANA HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-MISO-INDIANA HUB-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the MISO at 
https://www.midwestiso.org/Library/MarketReports/Pages/MarketReports.aspx, under the headings 
"Library: Market Reports" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs 
for all hours, EST, that are not ending 0800-2300 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC 
holiday, the average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EST 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  MISO 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-90 
 
Rule 18.B.089 MISO Indiana Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by MISO for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  CPO 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 86 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-MISO-INDIANA HUB-REAL TIME 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-MISO-INDIANA HUB-REAL TIME" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the MISO at 
https://www.midwestiso.org/Library/MarketReports/Pages/MarketReports.aspx, under the headings 
"Library: Market Reports" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs 
for all hours, EST, that are not ending 0800-2300 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC 
holiday, the average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EST 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  MISO 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-91 
 
Rule 18.B.090 NYISO Zone A Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by NYISO for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  AOP 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 86 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE A (WEST)-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE A (WEST)-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, which Specified Price will be the Specified Price for each hour during the Delivery Period, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the NYISO at http://www.nyiso.com/oasis/index.html, under the 
headings "Pricing Data: Day Ahead Market LBMP: Zonal: WEST 61752: LBMP ($/MWhr)" or any 
successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LBMPs 
for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the 
average of LBMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYISO 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-92 
 
Rule 18.B.091 NYISO Zone C Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by NYISO for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  ZCD 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE C (CENTRL)-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE C (CENTRL)-DAY AHEAD” means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's average of the hourly prices per MWh of electricity for delivery 
on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the the NYISO at 
http://www.nyiso.com/public/oasis/index.html, under the headings " Pricing Data: Day Ahead Market 
LBMP: Zonal: CENTRL 61754: LBMP ($/MWhr)" or any successor headings, that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LBMPs 
for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the 
average of LBMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYISO 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-93 
 
Rule 18.B.092 NYISO Zone F Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by NYISO for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  ZFD 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE F (CAPITL)-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE F (CAPITL)-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for 
a Pricing Date will be that day's average of the hourly prices per MWh of electricity for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the NYISO at 
http://www.nyiso.com/public/oasis/index.html, under the headings " Pricing Data: Day Ahead Market 
LBMP: Zonal: CAPITL 61757: LBMP ($/MWhr)" or any successor headings, that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LBMPs 
for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the 
average of LBMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYISO 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-94 
 
Rule 18.B.093 NYISO Zone G Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by NYISO for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NGO 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 86 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE G (HUD VL)-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE G (HUD VL)-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for 
a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, which Specified Price will be the Specified Price for each hour during the Delivery Period, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the NYISO at http://www.nyiso.com/oasis/index.html, under the 
headings " Pricing Data: Day Ahead Market LBMP: Zonal: HUD VL 61758: LBMP ($/MWhr)" or 
any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LBMPs 
for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the 
average of LBMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYISO 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-95 
 
Rule 18.B.094 NYISO Zone J Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by NYISO for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NJO 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 86 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE J (N.Y.C.)-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE J (N.Y.C.)-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, which Specified Price will be the Specified Price for each hour during the Delivery Period, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the NYISO at http://www.nyiso.com/public/oasis/index.html, 
under the headings " Pricing Data: Day Ahead Market LBMP: Zonal: N.Y.C. 61761: LBMP 
($/MWhr)" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LBMPs 
for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the 
average of LBMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYISO 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-96 
 
Rule 18.B.095 Palo Verde Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by ICE for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  OVP 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 60 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PALO VERDE OFF-PEAK-ICE 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PALO VERDE OFF-PEAK-ICE" means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWH of off-peak electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by ICE at www.theice.com, under the headings "Market Data: 
Indices: Market: ICE OTC: Report: North American Power: Hub: Palo Verde Off-Peak"  or any 
successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Avg 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ICE 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The first Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-97 
 
Rule 18.B.096 PJM AECO Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PTD 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-AECO-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-PJM-AECO-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-
ahead.aspx, under the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-
Ahead Data: AECO" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs 
for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the 
average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-98 
 
Rule 18.B.097 PJM AEP Dayton Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  ADD 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-AEP DAYTON HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-AEP DAYTON HUB-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-
operations/energy/day-ahead.aspx, under the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal 
Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-Ahead Data: AEP-DAYTON HUB" or any successor headings, that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs 
for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the 
average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-99 
 
Rule 18.B.099 PJM AEP Dayton Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  AOD 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 86 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-AEP DAYTON HUB-REAL TIME 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-AEP DAYTON HUB-REAL TIME" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-
operations/energy/real-time/lmp.aspx, under the headings "Daily Real-Time LMP: Daily Real-Time 
Locational Marginal Pricing Files: AEP-DAYTON HUB" or any successor headings, that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs 
for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the 
average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-100 
 
Rule 18.B.100 PJM APS Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PUD 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-APS-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-PJM-APS-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-
ahead.aspx, under the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-
Ahead Data: APS" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs 
for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the 
average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-101 
 
Rule 18.B.101 PJM BGE Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  BGZ 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-BGE-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-PJM-BGE-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-
ahead.aspx, under the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-
Ahead Data: BGE" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs 
for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the 
average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-102 
 
Rule 18.B.102 PJM ComEd Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  CEO 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-COMED-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-PJM-COMED-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-
ahead.aspx, under the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-
Ahead Data: COMED" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs 
for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the 
average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-103 
 
Rule 18.B.103 PJM DPL Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PXD 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-DPL-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-PJM-DPL-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-
ahead.aspx, under the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-
Ahead Data: DPL" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs 
for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the 
average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-104 
 
Rule 18.B.104 PJM Duquesne Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PQD 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-DUQ-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-PJM-DUQ-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-
ahead.aspx, under the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-
Ahead Data: DUQ" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs 
for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the 
average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-105 
 
Rule 18.B.105 PJM Eastern Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PED 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-EASTERN HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-EASTERN HUB-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets/energy-
market/day-ahead.html, under the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): 
LMP Day-Ahead Data: EASTERN HUB" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on 
that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs 
for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the 
average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-106 
 
Rule 18.B.106 PJM JCPL Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  JCD 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-JCPL-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-PJM-JCPL-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by PJM at  http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-
ahead.aspx, under the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-
Ahead Data: JCPL" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs 
for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the 
average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-107 
 
Rule 18.B.107 PJM METED Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PMD 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-METED-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-PJM-METED-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at  http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-
ahead.aspx, under the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-
Ahead Data: METED" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs 
for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the 
average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-108 
 
Rule 18.B.108 PJM NI Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NID 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-NORTHERN ILLINOIS HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-NORTHERN ILLINOIS HUB-DAY AHEAD" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets/energy-
market/day-ahead.html, under the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): 
LMP Day-Ahead Data: N ILLINOIS HUB" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on 
that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs 
for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the 
average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-109 
 
Rule 18.B.109 PJM NI Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NIO 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 86 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-NORTHERN ILLINOIS HUB-REAL TIME 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-NORTHERN ILLINOIS HUB-REAL TIME" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets/energy-
market/real-time.html, under the headings "Daily Real-Time LMP: Daily Real-Time Locational 
Marginal Pricing Files: N ILLINOIS HUB" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on 
that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs 
for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the 
average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-110 
 
Rule 18.B.110 PJM PECO Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PCO 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-PECO-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-PJM-PECO-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-
ahead.aspx, under the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-
Ahead Data: PECO" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs 
for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the 
average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-111 
 
Rule 18.B.111 PJM PENELEC Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PZD 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-PENELEC-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-PJM-PENELEC-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-
operations/energy/day-ahead.aspx, under the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal 
Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-Ahead Data: PENELEC" or any successor headings, that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs 
for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the 
average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-112 
 
Rule 18.B.112 PJM PEPCO Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PPH 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-PEPCO-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-PJM-PEPCO-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-
ahead.aspx, under the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-
Ahead Data: PEPCO" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs 
for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the 
average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-113 
 
Rule 18.B.113 PJM PPL Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PPO 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-PPL-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-PJM-PPL-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-
ahead.aspx, under the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-
Ahead Data: PPL" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs 
for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the 
average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-114 
 
Rule 18.B.114 PJM PSEG Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PSB 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-PSEG-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-PSEG-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's average of the hourly price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets/energy-
market/day-ahead.html, under the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): 
LMP Day-Ahead Data: PSEG" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs 
for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the 
average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-115 
 
Rule 18.B.115 PJM Western Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PJD 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets/energy-
market/day-ahead.html, under the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): 
LMP Day-Ahead Data: WESTERN HUB" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on 
that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs 
for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the 
average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
Rule 18.B.116 Reserved 


18B-116 
 
Rule 18.B.117 PJM Western Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  OPJ 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-REAL TIME 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-REAL TIME" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets/energy-
market/real-time.html, under the headings "Daily Real-Time LMP: Daily Real-Time Locational 
Marginal Pricing Files: WESTERN HUB" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on 
that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs 
for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the 
average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day
 
 


18B-117 
 
Rule 18.B.118 Reserved 
Rule 18.B.119 CAISO NP-15 Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
peak hourly electricity prices published by CAISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  DPN 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  400 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-CAISO-NP15-DAY AHEAD  
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-CAISO-NP15-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the California ISO at 
http://oasis.caiso.com/mrioasis/logon.do, under the headings "Prices: Locational Marginal 
Prices (LMP): P/APNode ID: TH_NP15_GEN-APND: Market: DAM" that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 PPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  CAISO 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The fifth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-118 
 
Rule 18.B.120 CAISO NP-15 Real-Time Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
peak hourly electricity prices published by CAISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NRP 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  400 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 75 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  For Monday through Saturday Contract Periods, excluding NERC holidays, if the following 
calendar day is a Business Day, the Business Day following the Contract Period with a closing time of 10:00pm 
PPT the night before; If the following calendar day is not a Business Day, the Business Day equal to the Contract 
Period with a closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session; 
For each Sunday and NERC holiday Contract Period, the last Business Day prior to the Contract Period with a 
closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session. 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-CAISO-NP15-REAL TIME  
a) Description:  “ELECTRICITY-CAISO-NP15-REAL TIME” means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated 
in U.S. Dollars, published by the California ISO at http://oasis.caiso.com/mrioasis/logon.do, under 
the headings "Prices: Interval Locational Marginal Prices (LMP): P/APNode ID: TH_NP15_GEN-
APND" that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 PPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  CAISO 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  For Contract Periods that fall on a Business Day where the following calendar day is also a 
Business Day, six Business Days following the Last Trade Date; for all other Contract Periods, seven Business 
Days following the Last Trade Date.


18B-119 
 
Rule 18.B.121 CAISO Palo Verde Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
peak hourly electricity prices published by CAISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  CPC 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  16 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 75 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-CAISO-PALO VERDE (PALOVRDE_ASR-APND)-DAY AHEAD  
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-CAISO-PALO VERDE (PALOVRDE_ASR-APND)-DAY AHEAD” 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by CAISO at 
http://oasis.caiso.com/mrioasis/logon.do under the headings "Prices-Scheduling Point/Tie 
Combination Locational Marginal Prices(LMP): PALOVERDE_ASR_APND" or any successor 
headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 PPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  CAISO 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The fifth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-120 
 
Rule 18.B.122 CAISO SP-15 Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
peak hourly electricity prices published by CAISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  SDP 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  400 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-CAISO-SP15-DAY AHEAD  
b) a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-CAISO-SP15-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the California ISO at http://oasis.caiso.com/mrioasis/logon.do, 
under the headings "Prices: Report: Interval Locational Marginal Prices: P/APNode ID: 
TH_SP15_GEN-APND that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 PPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  CAISO 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  For Contract Periods that fall on a Business Day, six Business Days following the Last 
Trading Day; for all other Contract Periods, five Business Days following the Last Trading Day. 


18B-121 
 
Rule 18.B.123 CAISO SP-15 Real-Time Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
peak hourly electricity prices published by CAISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  SRP 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  400 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 75 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  For Monday through Saturday Contract Periods, excluding NERC holidays, if the following 
calendar day is a Business Day, the Business Day following the Contract Period with a closing time of 10:00pm 
PPT the night before; If the following calendar day is not a Business Day, the Business Day equal to the Contract 
Period with a closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session; 
For each Sunday and NERC holiday Contract Period, the last Business Day prior to the Contract Period with a 
closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session. 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-CAISO-SP15-REAL TIME  
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-CAISO-SP15-REAL TIME” means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the California ISO at 
http://oasis.caiso.com/mrioasis/logon.do, under the headings "Prices: Interval Locational 
Marginal Prices: Node ID: TH_SP15_GEN-APND that reports prices effective on that Pricing 
Date. 
 b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 PPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  CAISO 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  For Contract Periods that fall on a Business Day where the following calendar day is also a 
Business Day, six Business Days following the Last Trade Date; for all other Contract Periods, seven Business 
Days following the Last Trade Date


18B-122 
 
Rule 18.B.124 ERCOT Houston 345 KV Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  HEA 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  16 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 45 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-HOUSTON 345KV HUB-DAY AHEAD  
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-HOUSTON 345KV HUB-DAY AHEAD” means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/dam_spp for that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 CPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ERCOT 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The seventh Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-123 
 
Rule 18.B.125 ERCOT Houston 345KV Real-Time Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  EHD 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  800 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  For Monday through Friday Contract Periods, excluding NERC holidays, if the following 
calendar day is a Business Day, the Business Day following the Contract Period with a closing time of 11:00pm 
EPT the night before; If the following calendar day is not a Business Day, the Business Day equal to the Contract 
Period with a closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session; 
For each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday Contract Period, the last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
with a closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session. 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-HOUSTON 345KV HUB-REAL TIME  
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-HOUSTON 345KV HUB-REAL TIME” means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/real_time_spp for that Pricing Date 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 CPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ERCOT 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-124 
 
Rule 18.B.126 ERCOT Houston Load Zone Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  HZA 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  16 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 45 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-HOUSTON LOAD ZONE-DAY AHEAD  
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-HOUSTON LOAD ZONE-DAY AHEAD” means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/dam_spp for that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 CPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ERCOT 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The seventh Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-125 
 
Rule 18.B.127 ERCOT North 345 KV Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NDA 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  16 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH 345KV HUB-DAY AHEAD  
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH 345KV HUB-DAY AHEAD” means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/dam_spp for that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 CPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ERCOT 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The seventh Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-126 
 
Rule 18.B.128 ERCOT North 345 KV Hub Real-Time Peak Daily Look Back Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  ENO 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  800 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  For Monday through Friday Contract Periods, excluding NERC holidays, if the following 
calendar day is a Business Day, the Business Day following the Contract Period with a closing time of 11:00pm 
EPT the night before; If the following calendar day is not a Business Day, the Business Day equal to the Contract 
Period with a closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session; 
For each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday Contract Period, the last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
with a closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session. 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH 345KV HUB-REAL TIME  
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH 345KV HUB-REAL TIME” means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/real_time_spp for that Pricing Date 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 CPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ERCOT 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  For Contract Periods that fall on a Business Day where the following calendar day is also a 
Business Day, five Business Days following the Last Trading Day; for all other Contract Periods, six Business 
Days following the Last Trading Day. 


18B-127 
 
Rule 18.B.129 ERCOT North 345KV Real-Time Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  END 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  800 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 365 consecutive Daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  For Monday through Friday Contract Periods, excluding NERC holidays, if the following 
calendar day is a Business Day, the Business Day following the Contract Period with a closing time of 11:00pm 
EPT the night before; If the following calendar day is not a Business Day, the Business Day equal to the Contract 
Period with a closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session; 
For each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday Contract Period, the last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
with a closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session. 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH 345KV HUB-REAL TIME  
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH 345KV HUB-REAL TIME” means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/real_time_spp for that Pricing Date 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 CPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ERCOT 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  For Contract Periods that fall on a Business Day where the following calendar day is also a 
Business Day, five Business Days following the Last Trading Day; for all other Contract Periods, six Business 
Days following the Last Trading Day. 


18B-128 
 
Rule 18.B.130 ERCOT North Load Zone Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NZA 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  16 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 45 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH LOAD ZONE-DAY AHEAD  
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH LOAD ZONE-DAY AHEAD” means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/dam_spp for that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 CPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ERCOT 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The seventh Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-129 
 
Rule 18.B.131 ERCOT South 345 KV Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  SEA 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  16 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 45 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-SOUTH 345KV HUB-DAY AHEAD  
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-SOUTH 345KV HUB-DAY AHEAD” means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/dam_spp for that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 CPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ERCOT 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The seventh Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-130 
 
Rule 18.B.132 ERCOT South 345KV Real-Time Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  ESD 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  800 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 45 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  For Monday through Friday Contract Periods, excluding NERC holidays, if the following 
calendar day is a Business Day, the Business Day following the Contract Period with a closing time of 11:00pm 
EPT the night before; If the following calendar day is not a Business Day, the Business Day equal to the Contract 
Period with a closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session; 
For each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday Contract Period, the last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
with a closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session. 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-SOUTH 345KV HUB-REAL TIME  
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-SOUTH 345KV HUB-REAL TIME” means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/real_time_spp for that Pricing Date 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 CPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ERCOT 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-131 
 
Rule 18.B.133 ERCOT South Load Zone Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  SZA 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  16 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 45 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-SOUTH LOAD ZONE-DAY AHEAD  
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-SOUTH LOAD ZONE-DAY AHEAD” means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/dam_spp for that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 CPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ERCOT 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The seventh Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-132 
 
Rule 18.B.134 ERCOT West 345 KV Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  WEA 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  16 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 45 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-WEST 345KV HUB-DAY AHEAD  
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-WEST 345KV HUB-DAY AHEAD” means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/dam_spp for that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 CPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ERCOT 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The seventh Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-133 
 
Rule 18.B.135 ERCOT West 345KV Real-Time Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  EWD 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  800 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 45 consecutive Daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  For Monday through Friday Contract Periods, excluding NERC holidays, if the following 
calendar day is a Business Day, the Business Day following the Contract Period with a closing time of 11:00pm 
EPT the night before; If the following calendar day is not a Business Day, the Business Day equal to the Contract 
Period with a closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session; 
For each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday Contract Period, the last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
with a closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session. 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-WEST 345KV HUB-REAL TIME  
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-WEST 345KV HUB-REAL TIME” means that the price for 
a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/real_time_spp for that Pricing Date 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 CPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ERCOT 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-134 
 
Rule 18.B.136 ERCOT West Load Zone Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  WZA 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  16 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 45 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-WEST LOAD ZONE-DAY AHEAD  
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-WEST LOAD ZONE-DAY AHEAD” means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/dam_spp for that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 CPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ERCOT 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The seventh Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-135 
 
Rule 18.B.137 ISO New England Massachusetts Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
peak hourly electricity prices published by ISO New England for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  EDP 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  800 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-MASS HUB-DAY AHEAD  
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-MASS HUB-DAY AHEAD" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ISO New England at http://www.iso-
ne.com/markets, under the headings "Hourly Data: Selectable Hourly LMP Data: 
4000_:_.H.INTERNAL_HUB: Start Date/End Date: LMP prices for Day-ahead and Real-time: Day 
Ahead LMP" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ISO New England 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  For Contract Periods that fall on a Business Day, three Business Days following the Last 
Trading Day; for all other Contract Periods, two Business Days following the Last Trading Day. 


18B-136 
 
Rule 18.B.138 Mid-Columbia Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
peak hourly electricity prices published by ICE for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  MPD 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  400 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-MID C PEAK-ICE  
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-MID C PEAK-ICE" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be 
that day's Specified Price per MWh of on-peak electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by ICE at www.theice.com, under the headings "Market Data: Indices: 
Market: ICE OTC: Report: North American Power: Hub: Mid C Peak" or any successor headings, 
that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Avg 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ICE 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  For Contract Periods that fall on a Business Day, three Business Days following the Last 
Trading Day; for all other Contract Periods, two Business Days following the Last Trading Day. 


18B-137 
 
Rule 18.B.139 MISO Indiana Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
peak hourly electricity prices published by MISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  MDA 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  800 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up To 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-MISO-INDIANA HUB-DAY AHEAD  
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-MISO-INDIANA HUB-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the MISO at 
https://www.midwestiso.org/Library/MarketReports/Pages/MarketReports.aspx, under the headings 
"Library: Market Reports" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  MISO 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-138 
 
Rule 18.B.140 MISO Indiana Hub Real-Time Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
peak hourly electricity prices published by MISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  IDP 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  800 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  For Monday through Friday Contract Periods, excluding NERC holidays, if the following 
calendar day is a Business Day, the Business Day following the Contract Period with a closing time of 11:00pm 
EPT the night before; If the following calendar day is not a Business Day, the Business Day equal to the Contract 
Period with a closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session; 
For each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday Contract Period, the last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
with a closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session. 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-MISO-INDIANA HUB-REAL TIME  
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-MISO-INDIANA HUB-REAL TIME" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the MISO at 
https://www.midwestiso.org/Library/MarketReports/Pages/MarketReports.aspx, under the headings 
"Library: Market Reports" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  MISO 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  For Contract Periods that fall on a Business Day where the following calendar day is also a 
Business Day, six Business Days following the Last Trading Day; for all other Contract Periods, seven Business 
Days following the Last Trading Day. 


18B-139 
 
Rule 18.B.141 MISO Indiana Hub Real-Time Peak Daily Look Back Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
peak hourly electricity prices published by MISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  IDO 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  800 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  For Monday through Friday Contract Periods, excluding NERC holidays, if the following 
calendar day is a Business Day, the Business Day following the Contract Period with a closing time of 11:00pm 
EPT the night before; If the following calendar day is not a Business Day, the Business Day equal to the Contract 
Period with a closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session; 
For each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday Contract Period, the last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
with a closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session. 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-MISO-INDIANA HUB-REAL TIME  
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-MISO-INDIANA HUB-REAL TIME" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the MISO at 
https://www.midwestiso.org/Library/MarketReports/Pages/MarketReports.aspx, under the headings 
"Library: Market Reports" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  MISO 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  For Contract Periods that fall on a Business Day where the following calendar day is also a 
Business Day, six Business Days following the Last Trading Day; for all other Contract Periods, seven Business 
Days following the Last Trading Day. 


18B-140 
 
Rule 18.B.142 NYISO Zone A Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
peak hourly electricity prices published by NYISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  ADP 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  800 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 38 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE A (WEST)-DAY AHEAD  
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE A (WEST)-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, which Specified Price will be the Specified Price for each hour during the Delivery Period, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the NYISO at http://www.nyiso.com/oasis/index.html, under the 
headings "Pricing Data: Day Ahead Market LBMP: Zonal: WEST 61752: LBMP ($/MWhr)" or any 
successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LBMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYISO 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-141 
 
Rule 18.B.143 NYISO Zone G Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
peak hourly electricity prices published by NYISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  GDP 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  800 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up To 38 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE G (HUD VL)-DAY AHEAD  
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE G (HUD VL)-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for 
a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, which Specified Price will be the Specified Price for each hour during the Delivery Period, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the NYISO at http://www.nyiso.com/oasis/index.html, under the 
headings " Pricing Data: Day Ahead Market LBMP: Zonal: HUD VL 61758: LBMP ($/MWhr)" or 
any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LBMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYISO 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-142 
 
Rule 18.B.144 NYISO Zone J Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
peak hourly electricity prices published by NYISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  JDP 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  800 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up To 38 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE J (N.Y.C.)-DAY AHEAD  
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE J (N.Y.C.)-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, which Specified Price will be the Specified Price for each hour during the Delivery Period, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the NYISO at http://www.nyiso.com/public/oasis/index.html, 
under the headings " Pricing Data: Day Ahead Market LBMP: Zonal: N.Y.C. 61761: LBMP 
($/MWhr)" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LBMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYISO 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-143 
 
Rule 18.B.145 Palo Verde Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
peak hourly electricity prices published by ICE for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  VDP 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  400 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PALO VERDE PEAK-ICE  
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PALO VERDE PEAK-ICE" means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MWH of on-peak electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by ICE at www.theice.com, under the headings "Day Ahead Power: 
ICE Daily Indices: Hub: Palo Verde Peak: Wtd Avg Index" or any successor headings, that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Avg 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ICE 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-144 
 
Rule 18.B.146 PJM AEP Dayton Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  ADA 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  16 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up To 38 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-AEP DAYTON HUB-DAY AHEAD  
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-AEP DAYTON HUB-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-
operations/energy/day-ahead.aspx, under the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal 
Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-Ahead Data: AEP-DAYTON HUB" or any successor headings, that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-145 
 
Rule 18.B.147 PJM AEP Dayton Hub Real-Time Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  DDP 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  800 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  For Monday through Friday Contract Periods, excluding NERC holidays, if the following 
calendar day is a Business Day, the Business Day following the Contract Period with a closing time of 11:00pm 
EPT the night before; If the following calendar day is not a Business Day, the Business Day equal to the Contract 
Period with a closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session; 
For each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday Contract Period, the last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
with a closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session. 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-AEP DAYTON HUB-REAL TIME  
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-AEP DAYTON HUB-REAL TIME" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-
operations/energy/real-time/lmp.aspx, under the headings "Daily Real-Time LMP: Daily Real-Time 
Locational Marginal Pricing Files: AEP-DAYTON HUB" or any successor headings, that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  For Contract Periods that fall on a Business Day where the following calendar day is also a 
Business Day, one Business Day following the Last Trading Day; for all other Contract Periods, two Business 
Days following the Last Trading Day. 


18B-146 
 
Rule 18.B.148 PJM AEP Dayton Hub Real-Time Peak Daily Look Back Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  DDO 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  800 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 45 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  For Monday through Friday Contract Periods, excluding NERC holidays, if the following 
calendar day is a Business Day, the Business Day following the Contract Period with a closing time of 11:00pm 
EPT the night before; If the following calendar day is not a Business Day, the Business Day equal to the Contract 
Period with a closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session; 
For each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday Contract Period, the last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
with a closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session. 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-AEP DAYTON HUB-REAL TIME  
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-AEP DAYTON HUB-REAL TIME" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-
operations/energy/real-time/lmp.aspx, under the headings "Daily Real-Time LMP: Daily Real-Time 
Locational Marginal Pricing Files: AEP-DAYTON HUB" or any successor headings, that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  For Contract Periods that fall on a Business Day where the following calendar day is also a 
Business Day, one Business Day following the Last Trading Day; for all other Contract Periods, two Business 
Days following the Last Trading Day. 


18B-147 
 
Rule 18.B.149 PJM Eastern Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PEA 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  16 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up To 38 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-EASTERN HUB-DAY AHEAD  
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-EASTERN HUB-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets/energy-
market/day-ahead.html, under the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): 
LMP Day-Ahead Data: EASTERN HUB" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on 
that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-148 
 
Rule 18.B.150 PJM JCPL Zone Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  JCA 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  16 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up To 38 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-JCPL-DAY AHEAD  
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-PJM-JCPL-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by PJM at  http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-
ahead.aspx, under the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-
Ahead Data: JCPL" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-149 
 
Rule 18.B.151 PJM NI Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NIA 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  16 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up To 38 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-NORTHERN ILLINOIS HUB-DAY AHEAD  
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-NORTHERN ILLINOIS HUB-DAY AHEAD" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets/energy-
market/day-ahead.html, under the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): 
LMP Day-Ahead Data: N ILLINOIS HUB" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on 
that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-150 
 
Rule 18.B.152 PJM NI Hub Real-Time Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NDP 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  800 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up To 38 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  For Monday through Friday Contract Periods, excluding NERC holidays, if the following 
calendar day is a Business Day, the Business Day following the Contract Period with a closing time of 11:00pm 
EPT the night before; If the following calendar day is not a Business Day, the Business Day equal to the Contract 
Period with a closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session; 
For each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday Contract Period, the last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
with a closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session. 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-NORTHERN ILLINOIS HUB-REAL TIME  
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-NORTHERN ILLINOIS HUB-REAL TIME" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets/energy-
market/real-time.html, under the headings "Daily Real-Time LMP: Daily Real-Time Locational 
Marginal Pricing Files: N ILLINOIS HUB" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on 
that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  For Contract Periods that fall on a Business Day where the following calendar day is also a 
Business Day, one Business Day following the Last Trading Day; for all other Contract Periods, two Business 
Days following the Last Trading Day. 


18B-151 
 
Rule 18.B.153 PJM PEPCO Zone Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PPE 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  16 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up To 38 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-PEPCO-DAY AHEAD  
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-PJM-PEPCO-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-
ahead.aspx, under the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-
Ahead Data: PEPCO" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-152 
 
Rule 18.B.154 PJM PSEG Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PSC 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  16 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 45 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-PSEG-DAY AHEAD  
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-PSEG-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's average of the hourly price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets/energy-
market/day-ahead.html, under the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): 
LMP Day-Ahead Data: PSEG" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-153 
 
Rule 18.B.155 PJM Western Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PDA 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  800 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up To 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-DAY AHEAD  
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets/energy-
market/day-ahead.html, under the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): 
LMP Day-Ahead Data: WESTERN HUB" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on 
that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  For Contract Periods that fall on a Business Day, three Business Days following the Last 
Trading Day; for all other Contract Periods, two Business Days following the Last Trading Day. 


18B-154 
 
Rule 18.B.156 PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PDP 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  800 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up To 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  For Monday through Friday Contract Periods, excluding NERC holidays, if the following 
calendar day is a Business Day, the Business Day following the Contract Period with a closing time of 11:00pm 
EPT the night before; If the following calendar day is not a Business Day, the Business Day equal to the Contract 
Period with a closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session; 
For each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday Contract Period, the last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
with a closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session. 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-REAL TIME  
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-REAL TIME" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets/energy-
market/real-time.html, under the headings "Daily Real-Time LMP: Daily Real-Time Locational 
Marginal Pricing Files: WESTERN HUB" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on 
that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  For Contract Periods that fall on a Business Day where the following calendar day is also a 
Business Day, one Business Day following the Last Trading Day; for all other Contract Periods, two Business 
Days following the Last Trading Day. 


18B-155 
 
Rule 18.B.157 PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak Daily Look Back Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PDQ 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  800 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  For Monday through Friday Contract Periods, excluding NERC holidays, if the following 
calendar day is a Business Day, the Business Day following the Contract Period with a closing time of 11:00pm 
EPT the night before; If the following calendar day is not a Business Day, the Business Day equal to the Contract 
Period with a closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session; 
For each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday Contract Period, the last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
with a closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session. 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-REAL TIME  
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-REAL TIME" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets/energy-
market/real-time.html, under the headings "Daily Real-Time LMP: Daily Real-Time Locational 
Marginal Pricing Files: WESTERN HUB" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on 
that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  For Contract Periods that fall on a Business Day where the following calendar day is also a 
Business Day, one Business Day following the Last Trading Day; for all other Contract Periods, two Business 
Days following the Last Trading Day. 
 


18B-156 
 
Rule 18.B.158 CAISO NP-15 Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
off-peak hourly electricity prices published by CAISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  UNP 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  25 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  75 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-CAISO-NP15-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-CAISO-NP15-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the California ISO at http://oasis.caiso.com/mrioasis/logon.do, 
under the headings "Prices: Locational Marginal Prices (LMP): P/APNode ID: TH_NP15_GEN-
APND: Market: DAM" that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-0600, 2300-2400 PPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  CAISO 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period   
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-157 
 
Rule 18.B.159 CAISO NP-15 Real-Time Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
off-peak hourly electricity prices published by CAISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NRO 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  25 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  75 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-CAISO-NP15-REAL TIME 
a)   Description: “ELECTRICITY-CAISO-NP15-REAL TIME” means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated 
in U.S. Dollars, published by the California ISO at http://oasis.caiso.com/mrioasis/logon.do, under 
the headings "Prices: Interval Locational Marginal Prices (LMP): P/APNode ID: TH_NP15_GEN-
APND" that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-0600, 2300-2400 PPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  CAISO 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period   
Final Payment Date:  The seventh Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-158 
 
Rule 18.B.160 CAISO SP-15 Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
off-peak hourly electricity prices published by CAISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  SQP 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  25 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  75 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-CAISO-SP15-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  “ELECTRICITY-CAISO-SP15-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by the California ISO at http://oasis.caiso.com, under the headings "Prices: 
Report: Reference Prices: P/APNode ID: TH_SP15_GEN-APND"  that reports prices effective on 
that Pricing Date. 
 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-0600, 2300-2400 PPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  CAISO 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period   
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-159 
 
Rule 18.B.161 CAISO SP-15 Real-Time Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
off-peak hourly electricity prices published by CAISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  SRO 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  25 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  75 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-CAISO-SP15-REAL TIME 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-CAISO-SP15-REAL TIME” means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by the California ISO at http://oasis.caiso.com/mrtu-
oasis/?doframe=true&serverurl=http%3a%2f%2ffrptp09%2eoa%2ecaiso%2ecom%3a8000&volume=
OASIS, under the headings "Prices: Report: Reference Prices: P/APNode ID: SP15SLAK_5_N001" 
that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-0600, 2300-2400 PPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  CAISO 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period   
Final Payment Date:  The seventh Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-160 
 
Rule 18.B.162 ERCOT Houston 345 KV Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
off-peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  HEC 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  5 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  45 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-HOUSTON 345KV HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-HOUSTON 345KV HUB-DAY AHEAD” means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/dam_spp for that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0100-0600, 2300-2400 CPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ERCOT 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period   
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-161 
 
Rule 18.B.163 ERCOT Houston 345KV Real-Time Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
off-peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  HED 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  50 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  45 Consecutive Daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-HOUSTON 345KV HUB-REAL TIME 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-HOUSTON 345KV HUB-REAL TIME” means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/real_time_spp for that Pricing Date 
 b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0100-0600, 2300-2400 CPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ERCOT 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period   
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-162 
 
Rule 18.B.164 ERCOT Houston Load Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
off-peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  HZC 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  5 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  45 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-HOUSTON LOAD ZONE-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-HOUSTON LOAD ZONE-DAY AHEAD” means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/dam_spp for that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0100-0600, 2300-2400 CPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ERCOT 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period   
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-163 
 
Rule 18.B.165 ERCOT North 345 KV Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
off-peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NDC 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  5 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  45 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH 345KV HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH 345KV HUB-DAY AHEAD” means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/dam_spp for that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0100-0600, 2300-2400 CPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ERCOT 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period   
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-164 
 
Rule 18.B.166 ERCOT North 345KV Real-Time Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
off-peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NED 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  50 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  45 Consecutive Daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH 345KV HUB-REAL TIME 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH 345KV HUB-REAL TIME” means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/real_time_spp for that Pricing Date 
 b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0100-0600, 2300-2400 CPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ERCOT 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period   
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-165 
 
Rule 18.B.167 ERCOT North Load Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
off-peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NZC 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  5 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  45 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH LOAD ZONE-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH LOAD ZONE-DAY AHEAD” means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/dam_spp for that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0100-0600, 2300-2400 CPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ERCOT 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period   
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-166 
 
Rule 18.B.168 ERCOT South 345 KV Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
off-peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  SEC 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  5 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  45 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-SOUTH 345KV HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-SOUTH 345KV HUB-DAY AHEAD” means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/dam_spp for that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0100-0600, 2300-2400 CPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ERCOT 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period   
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-167 
 
Rule 18.B.169 ERCOT South 345KV Real-Time Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
off-peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  SED 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  50 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  45 Consecutive Daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-SOUTH 345KV HUB-REAL TIME 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-SOUTH 345KV HUB-REAL TIME” means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/real_time_spp for that Pricing Date 
 b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0100-0600, 2300-2400 CPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ERCOT 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period   
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-168 
 
Rule 18.B.170 ERCOT South Load Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
off-peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  SZC 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  5 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  45 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-SOUTH LOAD ZONE-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-SOUTH LOAD ZONE-DAY AHEAD” means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/dam_spp for that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0100-0600, 2300-2400 CPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ERCOT 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period   
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-169 
 
Rule 18.B.171 ERCOT West 345 KV Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
off-peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  WEC 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  5 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  45 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-WEST 345KV HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-WEST 345KV HUB-DAY AHEAD” means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/dam_spp for that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0100-0600, 2300-2400 CPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ERCOT 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period   
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-170 
 
Rule 18.B.172 ERCOT West 345KV Real-Time Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
off-peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  WED 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  50 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  45 Consecutive Daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-WEST 345KV HUB-REAL TIME 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-WEST 345KV HUB-REAL TIME” means that the price for 
a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/real_time_spp for that Pricing Date 
 b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0100-0600, 2300-2400 CPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ERCOT 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period   
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-171 
 
Rule 18.B.173 ERCOT West Load Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
off-peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  WZC 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  5 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  45 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-WEST LOAD ZONE-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-WEST LOAD ZONE-DAY AHEAD” means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/dam_spp for that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0100-0600, 2300-2400 CPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ERCOT 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period   
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-172 
 
Rule 18.B.174 ISO New England Massachusetts Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
off-peak hourly electricity prices published by ISO New England for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  POP 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  50 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  38 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-MASS HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-MASS HUB-DAY AHEAD" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ISO New England at http://www.iso-
ne.com/markets, under the headings "Hourly Data: Selectable Hourly LMP Data: 
4000_:_.H.INTERNAL_HUB: Start Date/End Date: LMP prices for Day-ahead and Real-time: Day 
Ahead LMP" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ISO New England 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period   
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-173 
 
Rule 18.B.175 Mid-Columbia Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
off-peak hourly electricity prices published by ICE for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  MXO 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  25 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  70 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-MID C OFF-PEAK-ICE 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-MID C OFF-PEAK-ICE" means that the price for a Pricing Date will 
be that day's Specified Price per MWh of off-peak electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated 
in U.S. Dollars, published by ICE at www.theice.com, under the headings "Market Data: Indices: 
Market: ICE OTC: Report: North American Power: Hub: Mid C Off-Peak" or any successor 
headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Avg 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ICE 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period   
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-174 
 
Rule 18.B.176 MISO Indiana Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
off-peak hourly electricity prices published by MISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  MOD 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  50 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  38 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-MISO-INDIANA HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-MISO-INDIANA HUB-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the MISO at 
https://www.midwestiso.org/Library/MarketReports/Pages/MarketReports.aspx, under the headings 
"Library: Market Reports" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours, EST, that are not ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  MISO 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period   
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-175 
 
Rule 18.B.177 MISO Indiana Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
off-peak hourly electricity prices published by MISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  IOP 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  50 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  45 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-MISO-INDIANA HUB-REAL TIME 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-MISO-INDIANA HUB-REAL TIME" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the MISO at 
https://www.midwestiso.org/Library/MarketReports/Pages/MarketReports.aspx, under the headings 
"Library: Market Reports" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours, EST, that are not ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  MISO 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period   
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-176 
 
Rule 18.B.178 NYISO Zone A Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
off-peak hourly electricity prices published by NYISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  APO 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  50 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  38 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE A (WEST)-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE A (WEST)-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, which Specified Price will be the Specified Price for each hour during the Delivery Period, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the NYISO at http://www.nyiso.com/oasis/index.html, under the 
headings "Pricing Data: Day Ahead Market LBMP: Zonal: WEST 61752: LBMP ($/MWhr)" or any 
successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LBMPs for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYISO 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period   
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-177 
 
Rule 18.B.179 NYISO Zone G Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
off-peak hourly electricity prices published by NYISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NOD 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  50 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  38 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE G (HUD VL)-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE G (HUD VL)-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for 
a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, which Specified Price will be the Specified Price for each hour during the Delivery Period, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the NYISO at http://www.nyiso.com/oasis/index.html, under the 
headings " Pricing Data: Day Ahead Market LBMP: Zonal: HUD VL 61758: LBMP ($/MWhr)" or 
any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LBMPs for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYISO 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period   
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-178 
 
Rule 18.B.180 NYISO Zone J Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
off-peak hourly electricity prices published by NYISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NOJ 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  50 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  38 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE J (N.Y.C.)-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE J (N.Y.C.)-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, which Specified Price will be the Specified Price for each hour during the Delivery Period, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the NYISO at http://www.nyiso.com/public/oasis/index.html, 
under the headings " Pricing Data: Day Ahead Market LBMP: Zonal: N.Y.C. 61761: LBMP 
($/MWhr)" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LBMPs for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYISO 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period   
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-179 
 
Rule 18.B.181 Palo Verde Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
off-peak hourly electricity prices published by ICE for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  QVP 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  25 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  70 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PALO VERDE OFF-PEAK-ICE 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PALO VERDE OFF-PEAK-ICE" means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWH of off-peak electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by ICE at www.theice.com, under the headings "Market Data: 
Indices: Market: ICE OTC: Report: North American Power: Hub: Palo Verde Off-Peak"  or any 
successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Avg 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ICE 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period   
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-180 
 
Rule 18.B.182 PJM AEP Dayton Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  ADC 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  5 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  38 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-AEP DAYTON HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-AEP DAYTON HUB-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-
operations/energy/day-ahead.aspx, under the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal 
Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-Ahead Data: AEP-DAYTON HUB" or any successor headings, that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period   
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-181 
 
Rule 18.B.183 PJM AEP Dayton Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  ADO 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  50 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  38 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-AEP/DAYTON HUB-REAL TIME 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-AEP DAYTON HUB-REAL TIME" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-
operations/energy/real-time/lmp.aspx, under the headings "Daily Real-Time LMP: Daily Real-Time 
Locational Marginal Pricing Files: AEP-DAYTON HUB" or any successor headings, that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period   
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-182 
 
Rule 18.B.184 PJM Eastern Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PEC 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  5 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  38 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-EASTERN HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-EASTERN HUB-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets/energy-
market/day-ahead.html, under the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): 
LMP Day-Ahead Data: EASTERN HUB" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on 
that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period   
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-183 
 
Rule 18.B.185 PJM JCPL Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  JCC 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  5 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  38 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-JCPL-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-PJM-JCPL-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by PJM at  http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-
ahead.aspx, under the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-
Ahead Data: JCPL" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period   
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-184 
 
Rule 18.B.186 PJM NI Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NIC 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  5 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  38 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-NORTHERN ILLINOIS HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-NORTHERN ILLINOIS HUB-DAY AHEAD" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets/energy-
market/day-ahead.html, under the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): 
LMP Day-Ahead Data: N ILLINOIS HUB" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on 
that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period   
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-185 
 
Rule 18.B.187 PJM NI Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NDO 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  50 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  38 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-NORTHERN ILLINOIS HUB-REAL TIME 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-NORTHERN ILLINOIS HUB-REAL TIME" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets/energy-
market/real-time.html, under the headings "Daily Real-Time LMP: Daily Real-Time Locational 
Marginal Pricing Files: N ILLINOIS HUB" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on 
that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period   
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-186 
 
Rule 18.B.188 PJM PEPCO Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PPG 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  5 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  38 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-PEPCO-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-PJM-PEPCO-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-
ahead.aspx, under the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-
Ahead Data: PEPCO" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period   
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-187 
 
Rule 18.B.189 PJM PSEG Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PSD 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  5 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  38 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-PSEG-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-PSEG-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's average of the hourly price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets/energy-
market/day-ahead.html, under the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): 
LMP Day-Ahead Data: PSEG" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period   
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-188 
 
Rule 18.B.190 PJM Western Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PDO 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  50 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets/energy-
market/day-ahead.html, under the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): 
LMP Day-Ahead Data: WESTERN HUB" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on 
that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period   
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18B-189 
 
Rule 18.B.191 PJM Western Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  ODP 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  50 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  38 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-REAL TIME 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-REAL TIME" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets/energy-
market/real-time.html, under the headings "Daily Real-Time LMP: Daily Real-Time Locational 
Marginal Pricing Files: WESTERN HUB" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on 
that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period   
Final Payment Date:  For Contract Periods that fall on a Business Day, three Business Days following the Last 
Trading Day; for all other Contract Periods, two Business Days following the Last Trading Day. 
 
 
 


18B-190 
 
18.B.192 
Reserved  
 
18.B.193 
Reserved  
18.B.194 
Reserved  
 
18.B.195 
Reserved 
18.B.196 
Reserved  
 
18.B.197 
Reserved 
18.B.198 
NYISO Zone C Day-Ahead LBMP Peak Daily Fixed Price Future  
Contract Description: A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
peak hourly electricity prices published by NYISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  
NCP 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement  
Contract Size: 800 MWh    
Currency: USD  
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 38 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Average of Reference Price A Prices  
Reference Price A: ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE C (CENTRL)-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description: "ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE C (CENTRL)-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for 
a Pricing Date will be that day's average of the hourly prices per MWh of electricity for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the the NYISO at 
http://www.nyiso.com/public/oasis/index.html, under the headings " Pricing Data: Day Ahead Market 
LBMP: Zonal: CENTRL 61754: LBMP ($/MWhr)" or any successor headings, that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price: Average of LBMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d) Pricing Calendar: NYISO  
e) Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 


18B-191 
 
18.B.199 
NYISO Zone C Day-Ahead LBMP Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future  
 
Contract Description: A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
off-peak hourly electricity prices published by NYISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  
NCO 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement  
Contract Size: 50 MWh    
Currency: USD  
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 38 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Average of Reference Price A Prices  
Reference Price A: ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE C (CENTRL)-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description: "ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE C (CENTRL)-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for 
a Pricing Date will be that day's average of the hourly prices per MWh of electricity for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the the NYISO at 
http://www.nyiso.com/public/oasis/index.html, under the headings " Pricing Data: Day Ahead Market 
LBMP: Zonal: CENTRL 61754: LBMP ($/MWhr)" or any successor headings, that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price: Average of LBMPs for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT 
d) Pricing Calendar: NYISO  
e) Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 


18B-192 
 
18.B.200 
NYISO Zone F Day-Ahead LBMP Peak Daily Fixed Price Future  
 
Contract Description: A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
peak hourly electricity prices published by NYISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  
NFP 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement  
Contract Size: 800 MWh    
Currency: USD  
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 38 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Average of Reference Price A Prices  
Reference Price A: ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE F (CAPITL)-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description: "ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE F (CAPITL)-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's average of the hourly prices per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the NYISO at 
http://www.nyiso.com/public/oasis/index.html, under the headings " Pricing Data: Day Ahead Market 
LBMP: Zonal: CAPITL 61757: LBMP ($/MWhr)" or any successor headings, that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price: Average of LBMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d) Pricing Calendar: NYISO  
e) Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 


18B-193 
 
18.B.201 
NYISO Zone F Day-Ahead LBMP Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future  
 
Contract Description: A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
off-peak hourly electricity prices published by NYISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  
NFO 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement  
Contract Size: 50 MWh    
Currency: USD  
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 38 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Average of Reference Price A Prices  
Reference Price A: ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE F (CAPITL)-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description: "ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE F (CAPITL)-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's average of the hourly prices per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the NYISO at 
http://www.nyiso.com/public/oasis/index.html, under the headings " Pricing Data: Day Ahead Market 
LBMP: Zonal: CAPITL 61757: LBMP ($/MWhr)" or any successor headings, that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price: Average of LBMPs for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT 
d) Pricing Calendar: NYISO  
e) Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
  
 
 


18B-194 
 
18.B.202 
PJM Daily Load Future 
 
Contract Description: A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the PJM Daily Actual Load 
by PJM RTO for the location specified in Reference Price A.  
Contract Symbol:  
PDF 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement  
Contract Size:  $1.00 
Currency:  USD  
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be 1 MW per $1.00; minimum price 
fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
  
Listing Cycle: Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day: For Contract Periods that fall on a Business Day where the following calendar day is also a 
Business Day, one Business Day following the Contract Period with a closing time of 11pm EPT the night before; 
For Contract Periods that fall on a Business Day where the following calendar day is not a Business day, the 
Business Day equal to the Contract Period with a closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session; For 
Contract Periods that do not fall on a Business Day, one Business Day prior to the Contract Period with a closing 
time equal to the end of the Trading Session. 
Final Settlement: Final Reference Price A Price  
Reference Price A: The maximum hourly load in the entire PJM system during the specified Contract Period. 
a) Description:.  Hourly load is calculated as the sum of the regional load values reported by PJM RTO.  
“Hourly Load” means Integrated hourly loads which are calculated for each PJM Region from raw 
telemetry data and are approximate. The load data is calculated and posted when all transaction 
information has been confirmed with the market participants and the external control areas on PJM 
website http://pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/real-time/loadhryr.aspx.  
b)  Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date  
c)  Specified Price: The maximum Hourly Load rounded to the nearest whole MW for the entire PJM 
system reported for the Delivery Date. 
d)  Pricing Calendar: PJM  
e)  Delivery Date: Contract Period  
Final Payment Date: For Contract Periods that fall on a Business Day where the following calendar day is also a 
Business Day, six Business Days following the Last Trading Day; for all other Contract Periods, seven Business 
Days following the Last Trading Day. 
 
 


18B-195 
 
18.B.203 
ERCOT Daily Load Future 
 
Contract Description: A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the ERCOT Daily Actual 
Load by ERCOT for the location specified in Reference Price A.  
Contract Symbol:  
EDF 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement  
Contract Size:  $1.00 
Currency: USD  
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be 1 MW per $1.00; minimum price 
fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day: For Contract Periods that fall on a Business Day where the following calendar day is also a 
Business Day, one Business Day following the Contract Period with a closing time of 11pm EPT the night before; 
For Contract Periods that fall on a Business Day where the following calendar day is not a Business day, the 
Business Day equal to the Contract Period with a closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session; For 
Contract Periods that do not fall on a Business Day, one Business Day prior to the Contract Period with a closing 
time equal to the end of the Trading Session. 
Final Settlement: Final Reference Price A Price  
Reference Price A:  The maximum hourly load in the entire ERCOT system during the specified Contract 
Period. 
a)  Description: Hourly Load is calculated as the sum of the regional load values reported by ERCOT. 
“Hourly Load” means; Integrated Hourly Loads which are calculated for each ERCOT Region.  This 
system-wide load is reported on the ERCOT website at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/actual_loads_of_weather_zones .   
b)  Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date.  
c)  Specified Price: The maximum Hourly Load, rounded to the nearest whole MW in the entire ERCOT 
system for the specified operating day that is the contract day. 
d)  Pricing Calendar: ERCOT  
e)  Delivery Date: Contract Period  
Final Payment Date: For Contract Periods that fall on a Business Day where the following calendar day is also a 
Business Day, six Business Days following the Last Trading Day; for all other Contract Periods, seven Business 
Days following the Last Trading Day. 
 
 


18B-196 
 
18.B.204  Reserved 
18.B.205  ERCOT CAPACITY RESPONSIVE RESERVE FUTURE  
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location specified 
in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  ECR 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1  MW 
Currency:  USD 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 48 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-DAY-AHEAD-CAPACIRT-RESPONSIVE-RESERVE 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-DAY-AHEAD-CAPACIRT-RESPONSIVE-RESERVE " 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of capacity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at http://www.ercot.com/mktinfo/prices/, under 
the heading "Market Information: Market Prices" that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  For each calendar day, Monday-Sunday, the average of prices for all hours, 0100-
2400CPT. 
d) Pricing calendar:  ERCOT 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code:  IFED 
Clearing Venue:  ICEU 
 
 


18B-197 
 
18.B.206  
Reserved 
18.B.207  
MISO ARKANSAS HUB DAY-AHEAD OFF-PEAK FIXED PRICE FUTURE 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by MISO for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  ALO 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
Currency:  USD 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods or as otherwise determined by the exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-MISO- ARKANSAS HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-MISO- ARKANSAS HUB-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the MISO at 
https://www.midwestiso.org/Library/MarketReports/Pages/MarketReports.aspx, under the headings 
"Library: Market Reports" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date.  
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs 
for all hours, EST, that are not ending 0800-2300 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, 
the average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EST 
d) Pricing calendar:  MISO 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code:  IFED 
Clearing Venue:  ICEU 
 


18B-198 
 
18.B.208  
MISO ARKANSAS HUB DAY-AHEAD PEAK FIXED PRICE FUTURE 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by MISO for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  ALP 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
Currency:  USD 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods or as otherwise determined by the exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-MISO-ARKANSAS HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-MISO- ARKANSAS HUB-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the MISO at 
https://www.midwestiso.org/Library/MarketReports/Pages/MarketReports.aspx, under the headings 
"Library: Market Reports" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date.    
b) Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  MISO 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code:  IFED 
Clearing Venue:  ICEU 
 
 
 


18B-199 
 
18.B.209  Reserved 
18.B.210 
MISO LOUISIANA HUB DAY-AHEAD OFF-PEAK FIXED PRICE FUTURE 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by MISO for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  LFO 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
Currency:  USD 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods or as otherwise determined by the exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-MISO- LOUISIANA HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-MISO- LOUISIANA  HUB-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by the MISO at 
https://www.midwestiso.org/Library/MarketReports/Pages/MarketReports.aspx, under the headings "Library: 
Market Reports" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date.  
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs 
for all hours, EST, that are not ending 0800-2300 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the 
average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EST 
d) Pricing calendar:  MISO 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code:  IFED 
Clearing Venue:  ICEU 
 


18B-200 
 
18.B.211  
MISO LOUISIANA HUB DAY-AHEAD PEAK FIXED PRICE FUTURE 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by MISO for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  LFP 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
Currency:  USD 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods or as otherwise determined by the exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-MISO-LOUISIANA  HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-MISO- LOUISIANA  HUB-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the MISO at 
https://www.midwestiso.org/Library/MarketReports/Pages/MarketReports.aspx, under the headings 
"Library: Market Reports" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date.    
b) Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  MISO 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code:  IFED 
Clearing Venue:  ICEU 
 
 
 


18B-201 
 
18.B.212  MISO MICHIGAN HUB DAY-AHEAD OFF-PEAK FIXED PRICE FUTURE 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by MISO for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  MGQ 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
Currency:  USD 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods or as otherwise determined by the exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-MISO- MICHIGAN HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-MISO- MICHIGAN HUB-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the MISO at 
https://www.midwestiso.org/Library/MarketReports/Pages/MarketReports.aspx, under the headings 
"Library: Market Reports" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date.  
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs 
for all hours, EST, that are not ending 0800-2300 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, 
the average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EST 
d) Pricing calendar:  MISO 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code:  IFED 
Clearing Venue:  ICEU 
 
 


18B-202 
 
18.B.213  
MISO MICHIGAN HUB DAY-AHEAD PEAK FIXED PRICE FUTURE 
Contract Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by MISO for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  MGP 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
Currency:  USD 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods or as otherwise determined by the exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-MISO-MICHIGAN  HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-MISO- MICHIGAN HUB-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by the MISO at 
https://www.midwestiso.org/Library/MarketReports/Pages/MarketReports.aspx, under the headings "Library: 
Market Reports" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date.    
b) Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  MISO 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code:  IFED 
Clearing Venue:  ICEU 
 
 
 


18B-203 
 
18.B.214  MISO MINNESOTA HUB DAY-AHEAD OFF-PEAK FIXED PRICE FUTURE 
Contract Details:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by MISO for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  MDO 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
Currency:  USD 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods or as otherwise determined by the exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-MISO-MINNESOTA HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-MISO- MINNESOTA HUB-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by the MISO at 
https://www.midwestiso.org/Library/MarketReports/Pages/MarketReports.aspx, under the headings "Library: 
Market Reports" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date.  
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs 
for all hours, EST, that are not ending 0800-2300 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the 
average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EST 
d) Pricing calendar:  MISO 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code:  IFED 
Clearing Venue:  ICEU 
 
 


18B-204 
 
18.B.215  
MISO MINNESOTA HUB DAY-AHEAD PEAK FIXED PRICE FUTURE 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by MISO for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  MDP 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
Currency:  USD 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods or as otherwise determined by the exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-MISO-MINNESOTA HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-MISO- MINNESOTA HUB-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by the MISO at 
https://www.midwestiso.org/Library/MarketReports/Pages/MarketReports.aspx, under the headings "Library: 
Market Reports" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date.    
b) Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  MISO 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code:  IFED 
Clearing Venue:  ICEU 
 
 
 


18B-205 
 
18.B.216  
MISO TEXAS HUB DAY-AHEAD OFF-PEAK FIXED PRICE FUTURE 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by MISO for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  TDQ 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
Currency:  USD 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods or as otherwise determined by the exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-MISO-TEXAS HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-MISO- TEXAS HUB-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by the MISO at 
https://www.midwestiso.org/Library/MarketReports/Pages/MarketReports.aspx, under the headings "Library: 
Market Reports" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date.  
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs 
for all hours, EST, that are not ending 0800-2300 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the 
average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EST 
d) Pricing calendar:  MISO 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code:  IFED 
Clearing Venue:  ICEU 
 
 


18B-206 
 
18.B.217  
MISO TEXAS HUB DAY-AHEAD PEAK FIXED PRICE FUTURE 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by MISO for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  TDP 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
Currency:  USD 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods or as otherwise determined by the exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-MISO-TEXAS HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-MISO- TEXAS HUB-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by the MISO at 
https://www.midwestiso.org/Library/MarketReports/Pages/MarketReports.aspx, under the headings "Library: 
Market Reports" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date.    
b) Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  MISO 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code:  IFED 
Clearing Venue:  ICEU 
 
 
 


18B-207 
 
18.B.218  
MISO TEXAS HUB REAL-TIME OFF-PEAK FIXED PRICE FUTURE 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by MISO for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  TPO 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
Currency:  USD 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 86 consecutive monthly Contract Periods or as otherwise determined by the exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-MISO-TEXAS HUB-REAL TIME 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-MISO-TEXAS HUB-REAL TIME" means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by the MISO at 
https://www.midwestiso.org/Library/MarketReports/Pages/MarketReports.aspx, under the headings "Library: 
Market Reports" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs 
for all hours, EST, that are not ending 0800-2300 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the 
average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EST 
d) Pricing calendar:  MISO 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code:  IFED 
Clearing Venue:  ICEU 
 
 


18B-208 
 
18.B.219  
MISO TEXAS HUB REAL-TIME PEAK FIXED PRICE FUTURE 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by MISO for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  TPP 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
Currency:  USD 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 108 consecutive monthly Contract Periods or as otherwise determined by the exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-MISO-TEXAS HUB-REAL TIME 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-MISO-TEXAS HUB-REAL TIME" means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by the MISO at 
https://www.midwestiso.org/Library/MarketReports/Pages/MarketReports.aspx, under the headings  
"Library: Market Reports" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  MISO 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code:  IFED 
Clearing Venue:  ICEU 
 
 


18B-209 
 
18.B.220  Reserved 
18.B.221  Reserved 
18.B.222  PJM ATSI ZONE DAY-AHEAD OFF-PEAK FIXED PRICE FUTURE 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PAW 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
Currency:  USD 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods or as otherwise determined by the exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-ATSI-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-ATSI-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a Pricing Date will 
be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, 
published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-ahead.aspx, under the headings 
"Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-Ahead Data: ATSI" or any successor headings, 
that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs 
for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the average of LMPs 
for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  PJM 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code:  IFED 
Clearing Venue:  ICEU 


18B-210 
 
18.B.223  
PJM ATSI ZONE DAY-AHEAD PEAK FIXED PRICE FUTURE 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PAV 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
Currency:  USD 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods or as otherwise determined by the exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-ATSI-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-ATSI -DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, 
published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-ahead.aspx, under the headings 
"Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-Ahead Data: ATSI" or any successor headings, 
that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  PJM 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code:  IFED 
Clearing Venue:  ICEU 
 
 
 


18B-211 
 
18.B.224  
PJM DEOK ZONE DAY-AHEAD OFF-PEAK FIXED PRICE FUTURE 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  DEO 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
Currency:  USD 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods or as otherwise determined by the exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-DEOK-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-DEOK-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, 
published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-ahead.aspx, under the headings 
"Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-Ahead Data: DEOK" or any successor 
headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs 
for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the average of LMPs 
for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  PJM 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code:  IFED 
Clearing Venue:  ICEU 
 
 


18B-212 
 
18.B.225  PJM DEOK ZONE DAY-AHEAD PEAK FIXED PRICE FUTURE 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  DEP 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
Currency:  USD 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods or as otherwise determined by the exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-DEOK-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-DEOK-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, 
published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-ahead.aspx, under the headings 
"Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-Ahead Data: DEOK" or any successor 
headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  PJM 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code:  IFED 
Clearing Venue:  ICEU 
 
 
 


18B-213 
 
18.B.226  Reserved 
18.B.227  Reserved 
18.B.228  SPP NORTH HUB DAY-AHEAD OFF-PEAK FIXED PRICE FUTURE 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by SPP for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  FNO 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
Currency:  USD 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-SPP- NORTH  HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-SPP- NORTH  HUB-DAY AHEAD " means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by the SPP at https://marketplace.spp.org/web/guest/lmp-by-location  under the headings 
"Marketplace Portal " or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date.  
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs 
for all hours ending 0100-0600, 2300-2400 CPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the average of 
LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 CPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  SPP 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The fifth Clearing Organization business day  following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code:  IFED 
Clearing Venue:  ICEU 
 


18B-214 
 
18.B.229  
SPP NORTH HUB DAY-AHEAD PEAK FIXED PRICE FUTURE 
Contract Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by SPP for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  FNP 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
Currency:  USD 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-SPP- NORTH  HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-SPP- NORTH  HUB-DAY AHEAD " means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by the SPP at https://marketplace.spp.org/web/guest/lmp-by-location  under the headings 
"Marketplace Portal " or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date.  
b) Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 CPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  SPP 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The fifth Clearing Organization business day  following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code:  IFED 
Clearing Venue:  ICEU 
 
 
 


18B-215 
 
18.B.230  
SPP SOUTH HUB DAY-AHEAD OFF-PEAK FIXED PRICE FUTURE 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by SPP for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  FSO 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
Currency:  USD 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-SPP- SOUTH  HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-SPP- SOUTH  HUB-DAY AHEAD " means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by the SPP at https://marketplace.spp.org/web/guest/lmp-by-location  under the headings 
"Marketplace Portal " or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date.  
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs 
for all hours ending 0100-0600, 2300-2400 CPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the average of 
LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 CPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  SPP 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The fifth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code:  IFED 
Clearing Venue:  ICEU 
 
 
 


18B-216 
 
18.B.231  
SPP SOUTH HUB DAY-AHEAD PEAK FIXED PRICE FUTURE 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by SPP for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  FSP 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
Currency:  USD 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-SPP- SOUTH  HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-SPP- SOUTH  HUB-DAY AHEAD " means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by the SPP at https://marketplace.spp.org/web/guest/lmp-by-location  under the headings 
"Marketplace Portal " or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date.  
b) Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 CPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  SPP 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The fifth Clearing Organization business day  following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code:  IFED 
Clearing Venue:  ICEU 
 
 


18B-217 
 
18.B.232 ISO New England Massachusetts Hub Real-Time Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
peak hourly electricity prices published by ISO New England for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol:  NMD 
 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size:  800 MWh 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 365 consecutive daily contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day:  For Monday through Friday Contract Periods, excluding NERC holidays, if the following 
calendar day is a Business Day, the Business Day following the Contract Period with a closing time of 11:00pm 
EPT the night before; If the following calendar day is not a Business Day, the Business Day equal to the Contract 
Period with a closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session; 
For each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday Contract Period, the last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
with a closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session. 
 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A  
 
REFERENCE PRICE A:  ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-MASS HUB-REAL TIME 
 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-MASS HUB-REAL TIME " means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ISO New England at http://www.iso-ne.com/markets, under 
the headings "Hourly Data: Selectable Hourly LMP Data: 4000_:_.H.INTERNAL_HUB: Start Date/End 
Date: LMP prices for Day-ahead and Real-time: Day Ahead LMP" or any successor headings, that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  ISO New England 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract period 
 


18B-218 
 
Final Payment Date:  For Contract Periods that fall on a Business Day where the following calendar day is also a 
Business Day, six Business Day following the Last Trading Day; for all other Contract Periods, seven Business 
Days following the Last Trading Day. 
 
 


18B-219 
 
18.B.233  
MISO ARKANSAS HUB DAY-AHEAD OFF-PEAK DAILY FIXED PRICE FUTURE 
 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
off-peak hourly electricity prices published by MISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol:  MRE 
 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size:  50 MWh 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  38 consecutive daily contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange  
 
Last Trading Day:  The last business day prior to the contract period 
 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A  
 
REFERENCE PRICE A:  ELECTRICITY-MISO-ARKANSAS HUB-DAY AHEAD 
 
a) Description:  " ELECTRICITY-MISO-ARKANSAS HUB-DAY AHEAD " means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by MISO at 
https://www.midwestiso.org/Library/MarketReports/Pages/MarketReports.aspx, under the headings 
"Library: Market Reports" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours, EST, that are not ending 0800-2300 EPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  MISO 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract period 
 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 


18B-220 
 
18.B.234 MISO Arkansas Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
peak hourly electricity prices published by MISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol:  MRD 
 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size:  800 MWh 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 45 consecutive daily contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day:  The last business day prior to the contract period 
 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A  
 
REFERENCE PRICE A:  ELECTRICITY-MISO-ARKANSAS HUB-DAY AHEAD 
 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-MISO-ARKANSAS HUB-DAY AHEAD " means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by MISO at 
https://www.midwestiso.org/Library/MarketReports/Pages/MarketReports.aspx,  under the headings 
"Library: Market Reports" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  MISO 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract period 
 
Final Payment Date:  The Third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 
 
 


18B-221 
 
18.B.235 MISO Louisiana Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
off-peak hourly electricity prices published by MISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol:  MLR 
 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size:  50 MWh 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  38 consecutive daily contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day:  The last business day prior to the contract period 
 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A  
 
REFERENCE PRICE A:  ELECTRICITY-MISO-LOUISIANA HUB-DAY AHEAD 
 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-MISO-LOUISIANA HUB-DAY AHEAD " means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by MISO at 
https://www.midwestiso.org/Library/MarketReports/Pages/MarketReports.aspx,  under the headings 
"Library: Market Reports" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours, EST, that are not ending 0800-2300 EPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  MISO 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract period 
 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 


18B-222 
 
18.B.236 MISO Louisiana Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
peak hourly electricity prices published by MISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol:  MLQ 
 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size:  800 MWh 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 45 consecutive daily contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day:  The last business day prior to the contract period 
 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A  
 
REFERENCE PRICE A:  ELECTRICITY-MISO-LOUISIANA HUB-DAY AHEAD 
 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-MISO-LOUISIANA HUB-DAY AHEAD " means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by MISO at 
https://www.midwestiso.org/Library/MarketReports/Pages/MarketReports.aspx,  under the headings 
"Library: Market Reports" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  MISO 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract period 
 
Final Payment Date:  The Third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 
 
 


18B-223 
 
18.B.237 PJM ATSI Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol:  PAL 
 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size:  50 MWh 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  38 consecutive daily contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day:  The last business day prior to the contract period 
 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A  
 
REFERENCE PRICE A:  Electricity–PJM-ATSI-Day-Ahead 
 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-ATSI-DAY-AHEAD" means that the price for a Pricing Date will 
be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-ahead.aspx, under 
the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-Ahead Data: ATSI" or 
any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  PJM 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract period 
 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 
 
 


18B-224 
 
18.B.238 PJM ATSI Zone Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol:  PAK 
 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size:  800 MWh 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 45 consecutive daily contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day:  The last business day prior to the contract period 
 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A  
 
REFERENCE PRICE A:  Electricity–PJM-ATSI-Day-Ahead 
 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-ATSI-DAY-AHEAD" means that the price for a Pricing Date will 
be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-ahead.aspx,  under 
the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-Ahead Data: ATSI" or 
any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  PJM 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract period 
 
Final Payment Date:  The Third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 
 
 


18B-225 
 
18.B.239 SPP South Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
off-peak hourly electricity prices published by SPP for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  SPF 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  50 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  38 consecutive daily contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A  
REFERENCE PRICE A:  ELECTRICITY-SPP-SOUTH HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  " ELECTRICITY-SPP-SOUTH HUB-DAY AHEAD " means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by the SPP at https://marketplace.spp.org/web/guest/lmp-by-location under the 
headings "Marketplace Portal " or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing 
Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs for 
all hours ending 0100-0600, 2300-2400 CPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the average 
of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 CPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  SPP 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract period 
 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 


18B-226 
 
18.B.240 SPP South Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
peak hourly electricity prices published by SPP for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  SPD 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  800 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 45 consecutive daily contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A  
REFERENCE PRICE A:  ELECTRICITY-SPP-SOUTH HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-SPP-SOUTH HUB-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by the SPP at https://marketplace.spp.org/web/guest/lmp-by-location  under the 
headings "Marketplace Portal " or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing 
Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 CPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  SPP 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract period 
 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
  


18B-227 
 
18.B.241 PJM AEP Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PAS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
Currency:  USD 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-AEP-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-AEP -DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a Pricing Date will 
be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-ahead.aspx,  under 
the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-Ahead Data: AEP" or any 
successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for the 
Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  PJM 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 


18B-228 
 
18.B.242 PJM AEP ZONE Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PAT 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
Currency:  USD 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-AEP-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-AEP-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be 
that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, 
published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-ahead.aspx,  under the 
headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-Ahead Data: AEP" or any 
successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs for 
all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the average of 
LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  PJM 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 


18B-229 
 
18.B.243 PJM FE Ohio Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PFN 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
Currency:  USD 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-FE OHIO-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-FE OHIO -DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-ahead.aspx, under 
the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-Ahead Data: FE OHIO" 
or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for the 
Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  PJM 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 


18B-230 
 
18.B.244 PJM FE Ohio Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PFO 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
Currency:  USD 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-FE OHIO-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-FE OHIO-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-ahead.aspx,  under 
the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-Ahead Data: FE OHIO" 
or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs for 
all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the average of 
LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  PJM 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 


18B-231 
 
18.B.245 PJM AEP Zone Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified 
in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PAH 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  800 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 45 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-AEP-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-AEP -DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a Pricing Date will 
be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-ahead.aspx, under 
the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-Ahead Data: AEP" or any 
successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for the 
Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  PJM 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 


18B-232 
 
18.B.246 PJM AEP Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PAI 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  50 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 45 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-AEP-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-AEP -DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a Pricing Date will 
be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-ahead.aspx, under 
the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-Ahead Data: AEP" or any 
successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs for 
all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the average of 
LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  PJM 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 


18B-233 
 
18.B.247  PJM FE OHIO Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified 
in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PFJ 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  800 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 45 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-FE OHIO-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-FE OHIO DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-ahead.aspx, under 
the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-Ahead Data: FE OHIO" 
or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for the 
Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  PJM 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 


18B-234 
 
18.B.248  PJM FE Ohio Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PFK 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  50 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 45 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-FE OHIO-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-FE OHIO DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-ahead.aspx, under 
the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-Ahead Data: FE OHIO" 
or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs for 
all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the average of 
LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  PJM 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 


18B-235 
 
18.B.249 MISO Texas Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
peak hourly electricity prices published by MISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  MDR 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  800 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 45 consecutive daily contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day:  The last business day prior to the contract period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A  
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-MISO-TEXAS HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  " ELECTRICITY-MISO-TEXAS HUB-DAY AHEAD " means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by MISO at 
https://www.midwestiso.org/Library/MarketReports/Pages/MarketReports.aspx, under the headings 
"Library: Market Reports" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  MISO 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract period 
Final Payment Date:  The Third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 


18B-236 
 
18.B.250 MISO Texas Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
off-peak hourly electricity prices published by MISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  MDS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  50 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  38 consecutive daily contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day:  The last business day prior to the contract period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A  
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-MISO-TEXAS HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  " ELECTRICITY-MISO-TEXAS HUB-DAY AHEAD " means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by MISO at 
https://www.midwestiso.org/Library/MarketReports/Pages/MarketReports.aspx, under the headings 
"Library: Market Reports" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours, EST, that are not ending 0800-2300 EPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  MISO 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 


18B-237 
 
18.B.251 SPP North Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
peak hourly electricity prices published by SPP for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  SNR 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  800 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 45 consecutive daily contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day:   The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A  
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-SPP-NORTH HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  " ELECTRICITY-SPP-NORTH HUB-DAY AHEAD " means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by the SPP at https://marketplace.spp.org/web/guest/lmp-by-location under the 
headings "Marketplace Portal " or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing 
Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 CPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  SPP 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 


18B-238 
 
18.B.252 SPP North Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
off-peak hourly electricity prices published by SPP for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  SNO 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  50 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  38 consecutive daily contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A  
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-SPP-NORTH HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  " ELECTRICITY-SPP-NORTH HUB-DAY AHEAD " means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by the SPP at https://marketplace.spp.org/web/guest/lmp-by-location under the 
headings "Marketplace Portal " or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing 
Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours, CPT, that are not ending 0700-2200 CPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  SPP 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 


18B-239 
 
18.B.253 SPP South Hub Real-Time Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
peak hourly electricity prices published by SPP for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  SSR 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  800 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 45 consecutive daily contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day:  For Monday through Friday Contract Periods, excluding NERC holidays, if the following 
calendar day is a Business Day, the Business Day following the Contract Period with a closing time of 10:00pm 
CPT the night before; If the following calendar day is not a Business Day, the Business Day equal to the Contract 
Period with a closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session; 
For each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday Contract Period, the last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
with a closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session. 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A  
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-SPP-SOUTH HUB-REAL TIME 
a) Description:  " ELECTRICITY-SPP-SOUTH HUB-REAL TIME " means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by the SPP at https://marketplace.spp.org/web/guest/lmp-by-location under the 
headings "Marketplace Portal " or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing 
Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 CPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  SPP 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract period 
Final Payment Date:  For Contract Periods that fall on a Business Day where the following calendar day is also a 
Business Day, seven Business Days following the Last Trade Date; for all other Contract Periods, eight Business 
Days following the Last Trade Date. 


18B-240 
 
18.B.254 SPP South Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
off-peak hourly electricity prices published by SPP for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  SSO 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  50 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  38 consecutive daily contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period  
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A  
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-SPP-SOUTH HUB-REAL TIME 
a) Description:  " ELECTRICITY-SPP-SOUTH HUB-REAL TIME " means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by the SPP at https://marketplace.spp.org/web/guest/lmp-by-location  under the 
headings "Marketplace Portal " or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing 
Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours, CPT, that are not ending 0700-2200 CPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  SPP 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract period 
Final Payment Date:  For Contract Periods that fall on a Business Day where the following calendar 
day is also a Business Day, seven Business Days following the Last Trade Date; for all other Contract 
Periods, eight Business Days following the Last Trade Date. 
 
 
 


18B-241 
 
18.B.255 CAISO NP-15 Fifteen Minute Marker Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of peak 
hourly electricity prices published by CAISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  CIP 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  400 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 365 consecutive daily contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day:  For Monday through Saturday Contract Periods, excluding NERC holidays, if the following 
calendar day is a Business Day, the Business Day following the Contract Period with a closing time of 10:00pm 
PPT the night before; If the following calendar day is not a Business Day, the Business Day equal to the Contract 
Period with a closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session; 
For each Sunday and NERC holiday Contract Period, the last Business Day prior to the Contract Period with a 
closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session. 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A  
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-CAISO-NP15-FMM 
a) Description:  " ELECTRICITY-CAISO-NP15-FMM " means that the price for a Pricing Date will be 
that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by the California ISO at http://oasis.caiso.com/mrioasis/logon.do, under the 
headings "Prices: FMM Locational Marginal Prices: P/APNode ID: TH_NP15_GEN-APND ‘  that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours, EST, that are not ending 0700-2200 PPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  CAISO 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract period 
Final Payment Date:  For Contract Periods that fall on a Business Day where the following calendar day is also a 
Business Day, six Business Days following the Last Trade Date; for all other Contract Periods, seven Business 
Days following the Last Trade Date. 


18B-242 
 
18.B.256 CAISO NP-15 Fifteen Minute Marker Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of peak 
hourly electricity prices published by CAISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  CIQ 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  25 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 365 consecutive daily contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period. 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A  
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-CAISO-NP15-FMM 
a) Description:  " ELECTRICITY-CAISO-NP15-FMM " means that the price for a Pricing Date will be 
that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by the California ISO at http://oasis.caiso.com/mrioasis/logon.do,  under the 
headings "Prices: FMM Locational Marginal Prices: P/APNode ID: TH_NP15_GEN-APND ‘  that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-0600, 2300-2400 PPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  CAISO 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract period 
Final Payment Date:  For Contract Periods that fall on a Business Day where the following calendar day is also a 
Business Day, six Business Days following the Last Trade Date; for all other Contract Periods, seven Business 
Days following the Last Trade Date. 
 
 
 
 
 


18B-243 
 
18.B.257 CAISO SP-15 Fifteen Minute Marker Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of peak 
hourly electricity prices published by CAISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  CSY 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  400 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 365 consecutive daily contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day:  For Monday through Saturday Contract Periods, excluding NERC holidays, if the following 
calendar day is a Business Day, the Business Day following the Contract Period with a closing time of 10:00pm 
PPT the night before; If the following calendar day is not a Business Day, the Business Day equal to the Contract 
Period with a closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session; 
For each Sunday and NERC holiday Contract Period, the last Business Day prior to the Contract Period with a 
closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session. 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A  
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-CAISO-SP15-FMM 
a) Description:  " ELECTRICITY-CAISO-SP15-FMM " means that the price for a Pricing Date will be 
that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by the California ISO at http://oasis.caiso.com/mrioasis/logon.do, under the 
headings "Prices: FMM Locational Marginal Prices: P/APNode ID: TH_SP15_GEN-APND ‘  that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours, EST, that are not ending 0700-2200 PPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  CAISO 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract period 
Final Payment Date:  For Contract Periods that fall on a Business Day where the following calendar day is also a 
Business Day, six Business Days following the Last Trade Date; for all other Contract Periods, seven Business 
Days following the Last Trade Date. 
 


18B-244 
 
18.B.258 CAISO SP-15 Fifteen Minute Marker Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of peak 
hourly electricity prices published by CAISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  CSZ 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  25 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 365 consecutive daily contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period. 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A  
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-CAISO-SP15-FMM 
a) Description:  " ELECTRICITY-CAISO-SP15-FMM " means that the price for a Pricing Date will be 
that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by the California ISO at http://oasis.caiso.com/mrioasis/logon.do, under the 
headings "Prices: FMM Locational Marginal Prices: P/APNode ID: TH_SP15_GEN-APND ‘  that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-0600, 2300-2400 PPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  CAISO 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract period 
Final Payment Date:  For Contract Periods that fall on a Business Day where the following calendar day is also a 
Business Day, six Business Days following the Last Trade Date; for all other Contract Periods, seven Business 
Days following the Last Trade Date. 
 
 
 
 
 


18B-245 
 
18.B.259 ERCOT Non-Spinning Reserve Future 
Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location specified in 
Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  ENS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1  MW 
Currency:  USD 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 48 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NON-SPINNING RESERVE SERVICE-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-ERCOT- NON-SPINNING RESERVE SERVICE-DAY AHEAD" 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of capacity for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/mktinfo/prices/, under the heading "Market Information: Market Prices" that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  For each calendar day, Monday-Sunday, the average of prices for all hours, 0100-
2400EPT. 
d) Pricing calendar:  ERCOT 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 
 


18B-246 
 
18.B.260 ERCOT Regulation DOWN Future 
Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location specified in 
Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  ERL 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1  MW 
Currency:  USD 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 48 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-REGULATION DOWN SERVICE-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-ERCOT- REGULATION DOWN SERVICE-DAY AHEAD" means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of capacity for delivery 
on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/mktinfo/prices/, under the heading "Market Information: Market Prices" that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  For each calendar day, Monday-Sunday, the average of prices for all hours, 0100-
2400EPT. 
d) Pricing calendar:  ERCOT 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 
 


18B-247 
 
18.B.261 ERCOT Regulation UP Future 
Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location specified in 
Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  ERK 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1  MW 
Currency:  USD 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 48 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-REGULATION UP SERVICE-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-ERCOT- REGULATION UP SERVICE-DAY AHEAD" means that 
the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of capacity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/mktinfo/prices/,  under the heading "Market Information: Market Prices" that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  For each calendar day, Monday-Sunday, the average of prices for all hours, 0100-
2400EPT. 
d) Pricing calendar:  ERCOT 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 
 


18B-248 
 
18.B.262 NYISO Zone G Real-Time Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of peak 
hourly electricity prices published by NYISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NRN 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  800 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 38 consecutive daily contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day:  The last business day prior to the contract period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A  
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE G (HUD VL)-REAL TIME 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE G (HUD VL)-REAL TIME" means that the price for 
a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, which Specified Price will be the Specified Price for each hour during the Delivery Period, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the NYISO at 
http://www.nyiso.com/public/markets_operations/market_data/pricing_data/index.jsp, under the 
headings “Pricing Data: Time-Weighted/Integrated: Zonal: HUD VL 61758: LBMP ($/MWhr)” or 
any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LBMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  NYISO 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 
 


18B-249 
 
18.B.263 NYISO Zone G Real-Time Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of off-peak 
hourly electricity prices published by NYISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NRQ 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  50 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  38 consecutive daily contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day:  The last business day prior to the contract period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A  
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE G (HUD VL)-REAL TIME 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE G (HUD VL)-REAL TIME" means that the price for 
a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, which Specified Price will be the Specified Price for each hour during the Delivery Period, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the NYISO at 
http://www.nyiso.com/public/markets_operations/market_data/pricing_data/index.jsp, under the 
headings “Pricing Data: Time-Weighted/Integrated: Zonal: HUD VL 61758: LBMP ($/MWhr)” or 
any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LBMPs for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  NYISO 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract period 
Final Payment Date:  The fifth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 
 


18B-250 
 
18.B.264 NYISO Zone A Real-Time Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of peak 
hourly electricity prices published by NYISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NRR 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  800 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 38 consecutive daily contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day:  The last business day prior to the contract period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A  
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE A (WEST)-REAL TIME 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE A (WEST)-REAL TIME" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, which Specified Price will be the Specified Price for each hour during the Delivery Period, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the NYISO at 
http://www.nyiso.com/public/markets_operations/market_data/pricing_data/index.jsp, under the 
headings “Pricing Data: Time-Weighted/Integrated: Zonal: WEST 61752: LBMP ($/MWhr)” or any 
successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LBMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  NYISO 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 
 


18B-251 
 
18.B.265 NYISO Zone A Real-Time Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of off-peak 
hourly electricity prices published by NYISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NRS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  50 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  38 consecutive daily contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day:  The last business day prior to the contract period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A  
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE A (WEST)-REAL TIME 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE A (WEST)-REAL TIME" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, which Specified Price will be the Specified Price for each hour during the Delivery Period, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the NYISO at 
http://www.nyiso.com/public/markets_operations/market_data/pricing_data/index.jsp, under the 
headings “Pricing Data: Time-Weighted/Integrated: Zonal: WEST 61752: LBMP ($/MWhr)”  or any 
successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LBMPs for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  NYISO 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract period 
Final Payment Date:  The fifth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 
 


18B-252 
 
18.B.266 NYISO Zone D Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of peak 
hourly electricity prices published by NYISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NDL 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  800 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 38 consecutive daily contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day:  The last business day prior to the contract period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A  
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE D (NORTH)-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE D (NORTH)-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for 
a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, which Specified Price will be the Specified Price for each hour during the Delivery Period, 
stated in U.S.Dollars, published by the NYISO at http://www.nyiso.com/oasis/index.html ,under the 
headings " Pricing Data: Day Ahead Market LBMP: Zonal: NORTH61755: LBMP ($/MWhr)" or any 
successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LBMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  NYISO 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 
 


18B-253 
 
18.B.267 NYISO Zone D Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of peak 
hourly electricity prices published by NYISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NDM 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  50 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 38 consecutive daily contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day:  The last business day prior to the contract period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A  
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE D (NORTH)-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE D (NORTH)-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
which Specified Price will be the Specified Price for each hour during the Delivery Period, stated in 
U.S.Dollars, published by the NYISO at http://www.nyiso.com/oasis/index.html, under the headings " 
Pricing Data: Day Ahead Market LBMP: Zonal: NORTH61755: LBMP ($/MWhr)" or any successor 
headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LBMPs for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  NYISO 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 


18B-254 
 
18.B.268 NYISO ZONE D DAY-AHEAD PEAK FIXED PRICE FUTURE 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of peak hourly electricity prices published by NYISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NDR 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 86 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A  
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE D (NORTH)-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  “ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE D (NORTH)-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
which Specified Price will be the Specified Price for each hour during the Delivery Period, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by the NYISO at http://www.nyiso.com/public/markets_operations/index.jsp, under 
the headings “ Pricing Data: Day-Ahead Market LBMP: Zonal: NORTH61755: LBMP ($/MWhr)” or any 
successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for the 
Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LBMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  NYISO 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract period 
 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 


18B-255 
 
18.B.269 NYISO ZONE D DAY-AHEAD OFF-PEAK FIXED PRICE FUTURE 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of off-peak hourly electricity prices published by NYISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NDS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 86 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A  
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE D (NORTH)-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE D (NORTH)-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
which Specified Price will be the Specified Price for each hour during the Delivery Period, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by the NYISO at http://www.nyiso.com/public/markets_operations/index.jsp, under 
the headings " Pricing Data: Day-Ahead Market LBMP: Zonal: NORTH61755: LBMP ($/MWhr)" or any 
successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LBMPs for 
all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the average of 
LBMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT. 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  NYISO 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract period 
 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18B-256 
 
18.B.270 ISO New England Rhode Island Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by ISO New England for the 
location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  RIY 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference A Prices   
Reference  Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-RHODE ISLAND-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-RHODE ISLAND-DAY AHEAD" means that 
the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by ISO New England at  http://www.iso-
ne.com/isoexpress/web/reports/pricing/-/tree/lmp-by-node, under the headings "Selectable Day-Ahead 
and Preliminary Real-Time Hourly LMPs; 4005 : Z.RHODEISLAND: Start Date/End Date" or any 
successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, day that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  ISO New England 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 


18B-257 
 
18.B.271 ISO New England Rhode Island Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by ISO New England for 
the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  RIZ 
Settlement Method:  Cash Settlement 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference A Prices   
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-RHODE ISLAND-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-RHODE ISLAND-DAY AHEAD" means that 
the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by ISO New England at  http://www.iso-
ne.com/isoexpress/web/reports/pricing/-/tree/lmp-by-node, under the headings "Selectable Day-Ahead 
and Preliminary Real-Time Hourly LMPs; 4005 : Z.RHODEISLAND: Start Date/End Date" or any 
successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs for 
all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the average of 
LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  ISO New England 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 


18B-258 
 
18.B.272 MISO AMIL.BGS6 Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of peak hourly electricity prices published by MISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  BGA 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-MISO-AMIL.BGS6-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  “ELECTRICITY-MISO-AMIL.BGS6- DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by MISO at 
https://www.midwestiso.org/Library/MarketReports/Pages/MarketReports.aspx, under the headings 
"Library: Market Reports" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for the 
Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  MISO 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 
 


18B-259 
 
 
18.B.273 MISO AMIL.BGS6 Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of off-peak hourly electricity prices published by MISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  BGB 
Settlement Method:  Cash Settlement 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-MISO-AMIL.BGSG-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  “ELECTRICITY-MISO-AMIL.BGS6 DAY-AHEAD" means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by MISO at 
https://www.midwestiso.org/Library/MarketReports/Pages/MarketReports.aspx, under the headings 
"Library: Market Reports" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, the average of LMPs for all hours not ending 0800-
2300 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday and NERC holiday, the average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-
2400 EST 
d) Pricing calendar:  MISO 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 


18B-260 
 
18.B.274 NYISO NYC In-City Capacity Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the Spot Market Auction 
Results-UCAP for the area labeled NYC prices published by NYISO for the location specified in Reference Price 
A. 
Contract Symbol:  NYC 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1000 KW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per KW; minimum price 
fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 24 months or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day:  At 5pm EPT, on the second business day prior to the contract period, or as otherwise 
published by the ICAP Event Calendar at http://icap.nyiso.com/ucap/public/evt_calendar_display.do 
 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  CAPACITY- NYISO-NYC-SPOT MARKET AUCTION RESULTS-UCAP 
a) Description:  "CAPACITY- NYISO-NYC-SPOT MARKET AUCTION RESULTS-UCAP " means that 
the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per KW of capacity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, during the Delivery Period, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the NYISO at 
http://icap.nyiso.com/ucap/public/auc_view_spot_detail.do under the headings "View Spot Auction 
Summary: NYC Price($/KW)" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing 
Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  2 business days prior to the first calendar day of the contract period. 
c) Specified Price:  Monthly Spot Auction Summary price for NYC 
d) Pricing calendar:  NYISO 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The fifth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 


18B-261 
 
18.B.275 NYISO Rest of State Capacity Fixed Price Future 
 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the Spot Market Auction 
Results-UCAP for the area labeled NYCA (New York Control Area) prices published by NYISO for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol:  NYR 
 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size:  1000 KW 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per KW; minimum price 
fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 24 months or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day:  At 5pm EPT, on the second business day prior to the contract period, or as otherwise 
published by the ICAP Event Calendar at http://icap.nyiso.com/ucap/public/evt_calendar_display.do 
 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
 
Reference Price A:  CAPACITY- NYISO-NYCA-SPOT MARKET AUCTION RESULTS-UCAP 
 
a) Description:  "CAPACITY- NYISO-NYCA-SPOT MARKET AUCTION RESULTS-UCAP " means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per KW of capacity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, during the Delivery Period, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the NYISO at 
http://icap.nyiso.com/ucap/public/auc_view_spot_detail.do under the headings "View Spot Auction 
Summary: NYCA Price($/KW)" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing 
Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  2 business days prior to the first calendar day of the contract period. 
 
c) Specified Price:  Monthly Spot Auction Summary price for NYCA 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  NYISO 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date:  The fifth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


18B-262 
 
18.B.276 PJM AECO Zone Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified 
in Reference Price A 
Contract Symbol:  PME 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  80 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 45 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange  
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-AECO-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-AECO -DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a Pricing Date will 
be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-ahead.aspx, under 
the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-Ahead Data: AECO" or 
any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for the 
Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  PJM 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 
 


18B-263 
 
18.B.277 PJM AECO Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PMF 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  5 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 45 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange  
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-AECO-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-AECO-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a Pricing Date will 
be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-ahead.aspx, under 
the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-Ahead Data: AECO" or 
any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs for 
all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the average of 
LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  PJM 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 


18B-264 
 
18.B.278 PJM BGE Zone Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified 
in Reference Price A 
Contract Symbol:  PMN 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  80 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 45 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange  
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-BGE-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-BGE -DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a Pricing Date will 
be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-ahead.aspx, under 
the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-Ahead Data: BGE" or 
any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for the 
Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  PJM 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 
 


18B-265 
 
18.B.279 PJM BGE Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PMT 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  5 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 45 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange  
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-BGE-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-BGE-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be 
that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, 
published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-ahead.aspx, under the 
headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-Ahead Data: BGE" or any 
successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs for 
all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the average of 
LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  PJM 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 


18B-266 
 
18.B.280 PJM ComEd Zone Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified 
in Reference Price A 
Contract Symbol:  PDV 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  80 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 45 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange  
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-COMED-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-COMED -DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-ahead.aspx, under 
the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-Ahead Data: COMED" or 
any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for the 
Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  PJM 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 
 


18B-267 
 
18.B.281 PJM ComEd Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PDW 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  5 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 45 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange  
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-COMED-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-COMED -DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-ahead.aspx, under 
the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-Ahead Data: COMED" or 
any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs for 
all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the average of 
LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  PJM 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 


18B-268 
 
18.B.282 PJM Deok Zone Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified 
in Reference Price A 
Contract Symbol:  PFP 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  80 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 45 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange  
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-DEOK-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-DEOK-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a Pricing Date will 
be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-ahead.aspx , under 
the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-Ahead Data: DEOK" or 
any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for the 
Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  PJM 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 
 


18B-269 
 
18.B.283 PJM Deok Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PFQ 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  5 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 45 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange  
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-DEOK-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-DEOK-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a Pricing Date will 
be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-ahead.aspx, under 
the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-Ahead Data: DEOK" or 
any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs for 
all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the average of 
LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  PJM 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 


18B-270 
 
18.B.284 PJM METED Zone Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified 
in Reference Price A 
Contract Symbol:  PFR 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  80 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 45 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange  
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-METED-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-METED -DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-ahead.aspx , under 
the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-Ahead Data: METED" or 
any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for the 
Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  PJM 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 
 


18B-271 
 
18.B.285 PJM METED Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PFS 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  5 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 45 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange  
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-METED-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-METED -DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-ahead.aspx , under 
the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-Ahead Data: METED" or 
any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs for 
all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the average of 
LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  PJM 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 


18B-272 
 
18.B.286 PJM PECO Zone Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified 
in Reference Price A 
Contract Symbol:  PFT 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  80 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 45 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange  
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-PECO-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-PECO -DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a Pricing Date will 
be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-ahead.aspx , under 
the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-Ahead Data: PECO" or 
any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date 
b) Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for the 
Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  PJM 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 
 


18B-273 
 
18.B.287 PJM PECO Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PFU 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  5 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 45 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange  
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-PECO-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-PECO -DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a Pricing Date will 
be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-ahead.aspx, under 
the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-Ahead Data: PECO" or 
any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs for 
all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the average of 
LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  PJM 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 


18B-274 
 
18.B.288 PJM PPL Zone Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified 
in Reference Price A 
Contract Symbol:  PMV 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  80 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 45 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange  
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-PPL-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-PPL -DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be 
that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, 
published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-ahead.aspx , under the 
headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-Ahead Data: PPL" or any 
successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date 
b) Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for the 
Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  PJM 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 
 


18B-275 
 
18.B.289 PJM PPL Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
daily prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PMW 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  5 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 45 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange  
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-PPL-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-PPL -DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be 
that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, 
published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-ahead.aspx, under the 
headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-Ahead Data: PPL" or any 
successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs for 
all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the average of 
LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  PJM 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 


18B-276 
 
18.B.290 PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak 50 MW Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PMJ 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  50 MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 110 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-REAL TIME 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-REAL TIME" means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets/energy-market/real-time.html , under 
the headings "Daily Real-Time LMP: Daily Real-Time Locational Marginal Pricing Files: WESTERN 
HUB" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date 
b) Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for the 
Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  PJM 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 
 


18B-277 
 
18.B.291 CAISO NP-15 Day-Ahead Off-Peak Mini Fixed Price Future 
Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by CAISO for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  CAB 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
Currency:  USD 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 110 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-CAISO-NP15-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-CAISO-NP15-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by the California ISO at http://oasis.caiso.com under the headings "Prices: Report: 
Locational Marginal Prices (LMP): P/APNode ID: TH_NP15_GEN_APND: Market: DAM" that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  For each Monday through Saturday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs 
for all hours not ending 0700-2200 PPT; for each Sunday, and NERC holiday, the average of LMPs for 
all hours ending 0100-2400 PPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  CAISO 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The fourth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
18.B.292  
Reserved 
18.B.293  
Reserved 
18.B.294  
Reserved 
18.B.295  
Reserved 


18B-278 
 
18.B.296  
Reserved 
18.B.297  Reserved  
18.B.298  Reserved 
18.B.299  ERCOT North 345KV Day-Ahead Peak Daily 80 MWh Fixed Price Future 
 
Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of peak 
hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NDB 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  80 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-HOUSTON 345KV DAY-AHEAD TIME 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH 345KV DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/dam_spp 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 CPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  ERCOT 
e) Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  For Contract Periods that fall on a Business Day, seven Business Days following the Last 
Trading Day; for all other Contract Periods, six Business Days following the Last Trading Day. 
 
 
 
 


18B-279 
 
18.B.300  
PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak Calendar Year One Time Mini Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average 
of daily prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  PMM 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 62 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference A Prices   
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-REAL TIME 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-REAL TIME" means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/real-
time/lmp.aspx,  under the headings "Daily Real-Time LMP: Daily Real-Time Locational Marginal 
Pricing Files: WESTERN HUB" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing 
Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for the 
Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  PJM 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 


18B-280 
 
 
18.B.301 NYISO Lower Hudson Valley Capacity Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the Spot Market Auction 
Results-UCAP for the area labeled G-J Locality (Lower Hudson Valley) prices published by NYISO for the 
location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  NYU 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1000 KW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per KW; minimum price 
fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 24 months or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day:  At 5pm EPT, on the second business day prior to the contract period, or as otherwise 
published by the ICAP Event Calendar at http://icap.nyiso.com/ucap/public/evt_calendar_display.do 
 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  CAPACITY- NYISO-G-J LOCALITY-SPOT MARKET AUCTION RESULTS-UCAP 
a) Description:  "CAPACITY- NYISO-G-J LOCALITY-SPOT MARKET AUCTION RESULTS-UCAP " 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per KW of capacity for delivery 
on the Delivery Date, during the Delivery Period, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the NYISO at 
http://icap.nyiso.com/ucap/public/auc_view_spot_detail.do under the headings "View Spot Auction 
Summary: G-J Locality Price($/KW)" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that 
Pricing Date.\ 
b) Pricing Date:  2 business days prior to the first calendar day of the contract period. 
c) Specified Price:  Monthly Spot Auction Summary price for G-J Locality 
d) Pricing calendar:  NYISO 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The fifth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 


18B-281 
 
18.B.302 SPP North Real-Time Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
peak hourly prices published by SPP for the location specified in Reference Price A.  
Contract Symbol:  SPW 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  800 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 45 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange  
Last Trading Day:   For Monday through Friday Contract Periods, excluding NERC holidays, if the following 
calendar day is a Business Day, the Business Day following the Contract Period with a closing time of 10:00pm 
CPT the night before; If the following calendar day is not a Business Day, the Business Day equal to the Contract 
Period with a closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session; 
For each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday Contract Period, the last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
with a closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session. 
Final Settlement:  Reference  Price A   
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-SPP-NORTH HUB-REAL TIME 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-SPP-NORTH HUB-REAL TIME " means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by the SPP at https://marketplace.spp.org/web/guest/lmp-by-location under the 
headings "Marketplace Portal " or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing 
Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that price are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 CPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  SPP 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract period 
Final Payment Date:  For Contract Periods that fall on a Business Day where the following calendar day is also a 
Business Day, seven Business Days following the Last Trade Date; for all other Contract Periods, eight Business 
Days following the Last Trade Date. 
 


18B-282 
 
18.B.303 SPP North Real-Time Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
off-peak hourly prices published by SPP for the location specified in Reference Price A.  
Contract Symbol:  SPX 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  50 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 45 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange  
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference  Price A   
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-SPP-NORTH HUB-REAL TIME 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-SPP-NORTH HUB-REAL TIME " means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by the SPP at https://marketplace.spp.org/web/guest/lmp-by-location under the 
headings "Marketplace Portal " or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing 
Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that price are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours 0100-0600, 2300-2400 CPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  SPP 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract period 
Final Payment Date:  For Contract Periods that fall on a Business Day where the following calendar day is also a 
Business Day, seven Business Days following the Last Trade Date; for all other Contract Periods, eight Business 
Days following the Last Trade Date. 
 
 
 
 
 


18B-283 
 
18.B.304 CAISO Malin Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
 
Contract Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of 
peak hourly electricity prices published by CAISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol:  CCL 
 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size:  400 MWh 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 365 consecutive daily contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day:  The Business Day prior to the Contract Period.  
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-CAISO-MALIN(MALIN_5_N101)-DAY-AHEAD 
 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-CAISO-MALIN DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by CAISO at http://oasis.caiso.com/mrioasis/logon.do  under the headings "Prices-
Scheduling Point/Tie Combination Locational Marginal Prices(LMP): MALIN_5_N101" or any 
successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 PPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  CAISO 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


18B-284 
 
18.B.305 PJM DOM Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
 
Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in 
Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol:  DOP 
 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-DOM-DAY AHEAD 
 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-DOM-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a Pricing Date will 
be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-ahead/lmpda.aspx, 
under the headings  "Daily Day-Ahead LMP: DOM" or any successor headings, that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for the 
Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  PJM 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 


18B-285 
 
 
18.B.306 PJM DOM Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in 
Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  DOO 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
Currency:  USD 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-DOM-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-DOM-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a Pricing Date will 
be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-ahead/lmpda.aspx, 
under the headings  "Daily Day-Ahead LMP: DOM" or any successor headings, that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs for 
all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the average of 
LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  PJM 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


18B-286 
 
18.B.307 ERCOT Houston 345KV Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location specified in 
Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  EKF 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
Currency:  USD 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-HOUSTON 345KV HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-HOUSTON 345KV HUB-DAY AHEAD" means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/dam_spp  
b) Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for the 
Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 CPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  ERCOT 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


18B-287 
 
18.B.308 ERCOT Houston 345KV Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol:  EKI 
 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-HOUSTON 345KV HUB-DAY AHEAD 
 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-HOUSTON 345KV HUB-DAY AHEAD" means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/dam_spp  
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of SPPs for 
all hours ending 0100-0600, 2300-2400 CPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the average 
of SPPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 CPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  ERCOT 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 


18B-288 
 
18.B.309 ERCOT South 345KV Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location specified in 
Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol:  EKH 
 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-SOUTH 345KV HUB-DAY AHEAD 
 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-SOUTH 345KV HUB-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/dam_spp  
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for the 
Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 CPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  ERCOT 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 
 
 


18B-289 
 
18.B.310 ERCOT South 345KV Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  EKK 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
Currency:  USD 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-SOUTH 345KV HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-SOUTH 345KV HUB-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/dam_spp  
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of SPPs for 
all hours ending 0100-0600, 2300-2400 CPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the average 
of SPPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 CPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  ERCOT 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


18B-290 
 
18.B.311 ERCOT West 345KV Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location specified in 
Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  EKG 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
Currency:  USD 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-WEST 345KV HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-SOUTH 345KV HUB-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/dam_spp  
b) Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for the 
Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 CPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  ERCOT 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 
 
 


18B-291 
 
18.B.312 ERCOT West 345KV Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  EKJ 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
Currency:  USD 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-WEST 345KV HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-WEST 345KV HUB-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/dam_spp   
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of SPPs for 
all hours ending 0100-0600, 2300-2400 CPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the average 
of SPPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 CPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  ERCOT 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 
 
 


18B-292 
 
18.B.313  NYISO Zone K Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
 
Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by NYISO for the location specified in 
Reference Price A.  
 
Contract Symbol:  ZKB 
 
Settlement Method:  Cash Settlement 
 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE K (LONGIL)-DAY AHEAD 
 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE K (LONGIL)-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
which Specified Price will be the Specified Price for each hour during the Delivery Period, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by the NYISO at http://www.nyiso.com/oasis/index.html , under the headings "Pricing 
Data: Day Ahead Market LBMP: Zonal: LONGIL 61762: LBMP ($/MWhr)" or any successor headings, 
that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for the 
Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LBMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  NYISO 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18B-293 
 
18.B.314  NYISO Zone K Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
 
Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by NYISO for the location 
specified in Reference Price A.  
 
Contract Symbol:  ZKD 
 
Settlement Method:  Cash Settlement 
 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE K (LONGIL)-DAY AHEAD 
 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE K (LONGIL)-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
which Specified Price will be the Specified Price for each hour during the Delivery Period, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by the NYISO at http://www.nyiso.com/oasis/index.html, under the headings "Pricing 
Data: Day Ahead Market LBMP: Zonal: LONGIL 61762: LBMP ($/MWhr)" or any successor headings, 
that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LBMPs for 
all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the average of 
LBMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  NYISO 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18B-294 
 
18.B.315  NYISO Zone K Day-Ahead LBMP Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
 
Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of peak 
hourly electricity prices published by NYISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol:  NKP 
 
Settlement Method:  Cash Settlement 
 
Contract Size:  800 MWh 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 45 consecutive  daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE K (LONGIL)-DAY AHEAD 
 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE K (LONGIL)-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
which Specified Price will be the Specified Price for each hour during the Delivery Period, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by the NYISO at http://www.nyiso.com/oasis/index.html, under the headings "Pricing 
Data: Day Ahead Market LBMP: Zonal: LONGIL 61762: LBMP ($/MWhr)" or any successor headings, 
that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LBMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  NYISO 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 


18B-295 
 
18.B.316  NYISO Zone K Day-Ahead LBMP Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
 
Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of off-peak 
hourly electricity prices published by NYISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol:  NKO 
 
Settlement Method:  Cash Settlement 
 
Contract Size:  50 MWh 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 45 consecutive  daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE K (LONGIL)-DAY AHEAD 
 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE K (LONGIL)-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
which Specified Price will be the Specified Price for each hour during the Delivery Period, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by the NYISO at http://www.nyiso.com/oasis/index.html, under the headings "Pricing 
Data: Day Ahead Market LBMP: Zonal: LONGIL 61762: LBMP ($/MWhr)" or any successor headings, 
that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LBMPs for 
all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the average of 
LBMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  NYISO 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18B-296 
 
18.B.317  NYISO Zone B Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by NYISO for the location specified in 
Reference Price A.  
 
Contract Symbol:  ZBB 
 
Settlement Method:  Cash Settlement 
 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE B (GENESE)-DAY AHEAD 
 
a) Ref Price A – Description:  "ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE B (GENESE)-DAY AHEAD" means that 
the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, which Specified Price will be the Specified Price for each hour during the Delivery Period, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the NYISO at http://www.nyiso.com/oasis/index.html , under the 
headings "Pricing Data: Day Ahead Market LBMP: Zonal: GENESE 61753: LBMP ($/MWhr)" or any 
successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are 
reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price:  Average of LBMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar:  NYISO 
 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 


18B-297 
 
18.B.318  NYISO Zone B Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
 
Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by NYISO for the location 
specified in Reference Price A.  
 
Contract Symbol:  ZBD 
 
Settlement Method:  Cash Settlement 
 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE B (GENESE)-DAY AHEAD 
 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE B (GENESE)-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
which Specified Price will be the Specified Price for each hour during the Delivery Period, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by the NYISO at http://www.nyiso.com/oasis/index.html , under the headings "Pricing 
Data: Day Ahead Market LBMP: Zonal: GENESE 61753: LBMP ($/MWhr)" or any successor headings, 
that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LBMPs for 
all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the average of 
LBMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  NYISO 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18B-298 
 
18.B.319  NYISO Zone E Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
 
Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by NYISO for the location specified in 
Reference Price A.  
 
Contract Symbol:  ZEB 
 
Settlement Method:  Cash Settlement 
 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
 
Reference Price A: ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE E (MHK VL)-DAY AHEAD 
 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE E (MHK VL)-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
which Specified Price will be the Specified Price for each hour during the Delivery Period, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by the NYISO at http://www.nyiso.com/oasis/index.html , under the headings "Pricing 
Data: Day Ahead Market LBMP: Zonal: MHK VL 61756: LBMP ($/MWhr)" or any successor headings, 
that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for the 
Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LBMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  NYISO 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18B-299 
 
18.B.320  NYISO Zone E Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
 
Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by NYISO for the location 
specified in Reference Price A.  
 
Contract Symbol:  ZED 
 
Settlement Method:  Cash Settlement 
 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE E (MHK VL)-DAY AHEAD 
 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE E (MHK VL)-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
which Specified Price will be the Specified Price for each hour during the Delivery Period, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by the NYISO at http://www.nyiso.com/oasis/index.html , under the headings "Pricing 
Data: Day Ahead Market LBMP: Zonal: MHK VL 61756: LBMP ($/MWhr)" or any successor headings, 
that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LBMPs for 
all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the average of 
LBMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  NYISO 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18B-300 
 
18.B.321  NYISO Zone I Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
 
Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by NYISO for the location specified in 
Reference Price A.  
 
Contract Symbol:  ZIK 
 
Settlement Method:  Cash Settlement 
 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE I (DUNWOD)-DAY AHEAD 
 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE I (DUNWOD)-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
which Specified Price will be the Specified Price for each hour during the Delivery Period, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by the NYISO at http://www.nyiso.com/oasis/index.html , under the headings "Pricing 
Data: Day Ahead Market LBMP: Zonal: DUNWOD 61760: LBMP ($/MWhr)" or any successor 
headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for the 
Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LBMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  NYISO 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18B-301 
 
18.B.322  NYISO Zone I Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
 
Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by NYISO for the location 
specified in Reference Price A.  
 
Contract Symbol:  ZIL 
 
Settlement Method:  Cash Settlement 
 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement:  Average of Reference Price A Prices 
 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE I (DUNWOD)-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE I (DUNWOD)-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
which Specified Price will be the Specified Price for each hour during the Delivery Period, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by the NYISO at http://www.nyiso.com/oasis/index.html , under the headings "Pricing 
Data: Day Ahead Market LBMP: Zonal: DUNWOD  61760: LBMP ($/MWhr)" or any successor 
headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LBMPs for 
all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the average of 
LBMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  NYISO 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 


18B-302 
 
18.B.323  PJM DAY Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
 
Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in 
Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol:  DCP 
 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-DAY-DAY AHEAD 
 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-DAY-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a Pricing Date will 
be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-ahead/lmpda.aspx, 
under the headings  "Daily Day-Ahead LMP: DAY" or any successor headings, that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for the 
Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  PJM 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 


18B-303 
 
18.B.324  PJM DAY Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
 
Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in 
Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol:  DCO 
 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-DAY-DAY AHEAD 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-DAY-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-
ahead/lmpda.aspx, under the headings  "Daily Day-Ahead LMP: DAY" or any successor headings, that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average 
of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the 
average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar:  PJM 
 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18B-304 
 
18.B.325  PJM SOUTH Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
 
Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in 
Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol:  SIP 
 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of  the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-SOUTH-DAY AHEAD 
 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM- SOUTH-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-ahead/lmpda.aspx, 
under the headings  "Daily Day-Ahead LMP: SOUTH" or any successor headings, that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for the 
Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  PJM 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18B-305 
 
18.B.326  PJM SOUTH Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
 
Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in 
Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol:  SIO 
 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-SOUTH-DAY AHEAD 
 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-SOUTH-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-ahead/lmpda.aspx, 
under the headings  "Daily Day-Ahead LMP: SOUTH" or any successor headings, that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs for 
all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the average of 
LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  PJM 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18B-306 
 
18.B.327  PJM PENN Power Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
 
Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in 
Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol:  PEP 
 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-PENN POWER-DAY AHEAD 
 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-PENN POWER-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-
ahead/lmpda.aspx, under the headings  "Daily Day-Ahead LMP: PENN POWER" or any successor 
headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for the 
Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  PJM 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18B-307 
 
18.B.328  PJM PENN Power Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
 
Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in 
Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol:  PEO 
 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-PENN POWER-DAY AHEAD 
 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-PENN POWER-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-
ahead/lmpda.aspx, under the headings  "Daily Day-Ahead LMP: PENN POWER" or any successor 
headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs for 
all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the average of 
LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  PJM 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18B-308 
 
18.B.329  PJM PEPCO MD Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
 
Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in 
Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol:  PCR 
 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-PEPCO MD-DAY AHEAD 
 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-PEPCO MD-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-ahead/lmpda.aspx, 
under the headings  "Daily Day-Ahead LMP: PEPCO MD" or any successor headings, that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for the 
Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  PJM 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18B-309 
 
18.B.330  PJM PEPCO MD Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
 
Description:  A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in 
Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol:  PCQ 
 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-PEPCO MD-DAY AHEAD 
 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-PEPCO MD-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-ahead/lmpda.aspx, 
under the headings  "Daily Day-Ahead LMP: PEPCO MD" or any successor headings, that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs for 
all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the average of 
LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  PJM 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18B-310 
 
18.B.331  MISO Minnesota Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
 
Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of peak 
hourly electricity prices published by MISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol:  MDN 
 
Settlement Method:  Cash Settlement 
 
Contract Size:  80 MWh 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 45 consecutive daily contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange  
 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period  
 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-MISO-MINNESOTA HUB-DAY AHEAD 
 
a) Description:  “ELECTRICITY-MISO-MINNESOTA HUB-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by MISO at 
https://www.midwestiso.org/Library/MarketReports/Pages/MarketReports.aspx, under the headings 
"Library: Market Reports" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  The average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  MISO 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 


18B-311 
 
18.B. 332  MISO Minnesota Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
 
Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of off-peak 
hourly electricity prices published by MISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol:  MDQ 
 
Settlement Method:  Cash Settlement 
 
Contract Size:  5 MWh 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 45 consecutive daily contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A:  ELECTRICITY-MISO-MINNESOTA HUB-DAY AHEAD 
 
a) Description:  “ELECTRICITY-MISO-MINNESOTA HUB-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by MISO at 
https://www.midwestiso.org/Library/MarketReports/Pages/MarketReports.aspx, under the headings 
"Library: Market Reports" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing 
Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  The average of LMPs for all hours, EST, that are not ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  MISO 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 
 
 


18B-312 
 
18.B.333  MISO Michigan Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
 
Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of peak 
hourly electricity prices published by MISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol:  MIL 
 
Settlement Method:  Cash Settlement 
 
Contract Size:  80 MWh 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 45 consecutive daily contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A:  ELECTRICITY-MISO-MICHIGAN HUB-DAY AHEAD 
 
a) Description:  “ELECTRICITY-MISO-MICHIGAN HUB-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by MISO at 
https://www.midwestiso.org/Library/MarketReports/Pages/MarketReports.aspx, under the headings 
"Library: Market Reports" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  The average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  MISO 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 
 


18B-313 
 
18.B.334  MISO Michigan Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
 
Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of off-peak 
hourly electricity prices published by MISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol:  MIM 
 
Settlement Method:  Cash Settlement 
 
Contract Size:  5 MWh 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 45 consecutive daily contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A:  ELECTRICITY-MISO-MICHGAN HUB-DAY AHEAD 
 
a) Description:  “ELECTRICITY-MISO-MICHIGAN HUB-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by MISO at 
https://www.midwestiso.org/Library/MarketReports/Pages/MarketReports.aspx, under the headings 
"Library: Market Reports" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  The average of LMPs for all hours, EST, that are not ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  MISO 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 
 
 


18B-314 
 
18.B.335  MISO AMIL.BGS6 Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
 
Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of peak 
hourly electricity prices published by MISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol:  MAA 
 
Settlement Method:  Cash Settlement 
 
Contract Size:  80 MWh 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 45 consecutive daily contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A:  ELECTRICITY-MISO-AMIL.BGS6- HUB-DAY AHEAD 
 
a) Ref Price A – Description:  “ELECTRICITY-MISO-AMIL.BGS6-DAY AHEAD" means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by MISO at 
https://www.midwestiso.org/Library/MarketReports/Pages/MarketReports.aspx, under the headings 
"Library: Market Reports" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price:  The average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar:  MISO 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 
 
 


18B-315 
 
18.B.336  MISO AMIL.BGS6 Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
 
Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of off-peak 
hourly electricity prices published by MISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol:  MAB 
 
Settlement Method:  Cash Settlement 
 
Contract Size:  5 MWh 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 45 consecutive daily contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A:  ELECTRICITY-MISO-AMIL.BGS6-DAY AHEAD 
 
a) 
Description:  “ELECTRICITY-MISO-AMIL.BGS6-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by MISO at 
https://www.midwestiso.org/Library/MarketReports/Pages/MarketReports.aspx, under the headings 
"Library: Market Reports" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) 
Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) 
Specified Price:  The average of LMPs for all hours, EST, that are not ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d) 
Pricing calendar:  MISO 
e) 
Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day  
 
 
 
 
 
 


18B-316 
 
18.B.337  CAISO NP-15 Day-Ahead Peak Daily HE 0900-1600 Fixed Price Future 
 
Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of peak 
hourly electricity prices published by CAISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol:  CAD 
 
Settlement Method:  Cash Settlement 
 
Contract Size:  200 MWh 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 365 consecutive daily contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange  
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-CAISO-NP15-DAY-AHEAD 
 
a) Description:  “ELECTRICITY-CAISO-NP15-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the California ISO at http://oasis.caiso.com/mrioasis/logon.do, 
under the headings "Prices: Locational Marginal Prices: Node ID: TH_NP15_GEN-APND: Market: 
DAM” that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0900-1600 PPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  CAISO 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date:  The fifth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day  
 
 
 
 
 
 


18B-317 
 
18.B.338  CAISO SP-15 DAY-AHEAD PEAK DAILY HE 0900-1600 FIXED PRICE FUTURE 
 
Description:  A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of peak 
hourly electricity prices published by CAISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol:  CAE 
 
Settlement Method:  Cash Settlement 
 
Contract Size:  200 MWh 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 365 consecutive daily contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day:  The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A:  ELECTRICITY-CAISO-SP15-DAY-AHEAD 
 
a) Description:  “ELECTRICITY-CAISO-SP15-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by the California ISO at http://oasis.caiso.com/mrioasis/logon.do, under the headings 
"Prices: Locational Marginal Prices: Node ID: TH_SP15_GEN-APND: Market: DAM” that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0900-1600 PPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  CAISO 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date:  The fifth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day  
 
 
 


18B-318 
 
18.B.339  WEEKLY PJM WESTERN HUB REAL-TIME PEAK AVERAGE PRICE FUTURE 
 
Description:  A weekly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of peak 
hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in Reference Price A 
 
Contract Symbol:  PJH 
 
Settlement Method:  Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size:  800 MWh’s multiplied by the number of Peak days in the week 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 52 consecutive weekly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
 
Last Trading Day:  At the end of the Trading Session on the last Business Day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement:  Reference Price A 
 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-REAL TIME 
 
a) Description:  “ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-REAL TIME” means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day’s Specified Price per MWh of electricity for Delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM  http://pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/real-time/lmp.aspx , 
under the Headings “Daily Real-Time Locational Marginal Pricing(LMP): LMP Real-Time Data: 
WESTERN HUB” or any successor headings, that reports Prices effective on the Pricing Date 
b) Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for the 
Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  PJM 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 


18B-319 
 
18.B.340 CAISO NP-15 Day-Ahead Peak HE 0900-1600 Fixed Price Future 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by CAISO for the location specified in 
Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: CNF 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
Currency: USD 
Min Price Flux: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day of the Contract Period  
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-CAISO-NP15-DAY-AHEAD 
a) Ref Price A - Description: “ELECTRICITY-CAISO-NP15-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the California ISO at http://oasis.caiso.com/mrioasis/logon.do, under 
the headings "Prices: Locational Marginal Prices: Node ID: TH_NP15_GEN-APND: Market: DAM” that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each Monday through Saturday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are 
reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0900-1600 PPT 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: CAISO 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The fourth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


18B-320 
 
18.B.341 CAISO SP-15 Day-Ahead Peak HE 0900-1600 Fixed Price Future 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by CAISO for the location specified in 
Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: CNG 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
Currency: USD 
Min Price Flux: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day of the Contract Period  
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-CAISO-SP15-DAY-AHEAD 
a) Ref Price A - Description: “ELECTRICITY-CAISO-SP15-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the California ISO at http://oasis.caiso.com/mrioasis/logon.do, under 
the headings "Prices: Locational Marginal Prices: Node ID: TH_SP15_GEN-APND: Market: DAM” that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each Monday through Saturday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are 
reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0900-1600 PPT 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: CAISO 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The fourth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


18B-321 
 
Rule 18.B.342 
Reserved 
 
Rule 18.B.343 
Reserved 
 
18.B.344 PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak 2x16 Fixed Price Future 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
electricity prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly prices published by PJM for the location specified in 
Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: PW2 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
Currency: USD 
Min Price Flux: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-REAL TIME 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-REAL TIME" means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-
operations/energy/real-time/lmp.aspx, under the headings  "Daily Real-Time LMP: WESTERN HUB " or 
any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each Saturday, Sunday, and all NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: PJM 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 


18B-322 
 
18.B.345 ERCOT North 345KV Hub Real-Time Peak 2x16 Fixed Price Future 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
electricity prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly prices published by ERCOT for the location specified in 
Reference Price A 
Contract Symbol: ER2 
Settlement Method: Cash Settlement 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
Currency: USD 
Min Price Flux: The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH 345KV HUB-REAL TIME 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH 345KV HUB REAL TIME" means that 
the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/real_time_spp 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each Saturday, Sunday, and all NERC holidays, that prices are reported for 
the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 CPT 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: ERCOT 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading  Day 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


18B-323 
 
18.B.346 PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak Daily Mini Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of peak 
hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: PWA 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 16 MWh 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Min Price Flux: The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: For Monday through Friday Contract Periods, excluding NERC holidays, if the following 
calendar day is a Business Day, the Business Day following the Contract Period with a closing time of 11:00pm 
EPT the night before; If the following calendar day is not a Business Day, the Business Day equal to the Contract 
Period with a closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session For each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday 
Contract Period, the last Business Day prior to the Contract Period with a closing time equal to the end of the 
Trading Session. 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-REAL TIME 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-REAL TIME" means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at 
http://dataminer2.pjm.com/feed/rt_hrl_lmps/definition   under the headings "Locational Marginal Prices: 
Real-Time Hourly LMPS: WESTERN HUB" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on 
that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Average of  LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: PJM 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date: The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 


18B-324 
 
18.B.347 ERCOT North 345KV Hub Real-Time Peak Daily Mini Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of peak 
hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: ERA 
 
Settlement Method: Cash Settlement 
 
Contract Size: 16 MWh 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Min Price Flux: The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: For Monday through Friday Contract Periods, excluding NERC holidays, if the following 
calendar day is a Business Day, the Business Day following the Contract Period with a closing time of 11:00pm 
EPT the night before; If the following calendar day is not a Business Day, the Business Day equal to the Contract 
Period with a closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session For each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday 
Contract Period, the last Business Day prior to the Contract Period with a closing time equal to the end of the 
Trading Session. 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH 345KV HUB-REAL TIME 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH 345KV HUB REAL TIME" means that 
the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/real_time_spp 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 CPT 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: ERCOT 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date: The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading  Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 


18B-325 
 
18.B.348 ISO New England Massachusetts Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Mini Fixed Price Future 
Description: A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of peak 
hourly electricity prices published by ISO New England for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: NEZ 
Settlement Method: Cash Settlement 
Contract Size: 16 MWh 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
REFERENCE PRICE A : ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-MASS HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description: "ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-MASS HUB-DAY AHEAD" means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ISO New England at  https://www.iso-
ne.com/isoexpress/web/reports/pricing/-/tree/lmps-da-hourly  "Hourly Day-Ahead LMPs: 
4000_:_.H.INTERNAL_HUB: " or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing 
Date. 
b) Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price: Average of  LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d) Pricing calendar: ISO New England 
e) Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading  Day 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


18B-326 
 
18.B.349 PJM COMED_RESID_AGG Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of peak 
hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: COM 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
Currency: USD 
Min Price Flux: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-PJM-COMED_RESID_AGG-DAY AHEAD 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "ELECTRICITY-PJM-COMED_RESID_AGG-DAY AHEAD" means that 
the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by PJM at 
http://dataminer2.pjm.com/feed/da_hrl_lmps/definition  , under the headings  "Day-Ahead Hourly LMPs: 
COMED_RESID_AGG" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are 
reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: PJM 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


18B-327 
 
18.B.350 PJM COMED_RESID_AGG Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of off-
peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: COO 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
Currency: USD 
Min Price Flux: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-PJM-COMED_RESID_AGG-DAY AHEAD 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "ELECTRICITY-PJM-COMED_RESID_AGG-DAY AHEAD" means that 
the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by PJM at 
http://dataminer2.pjm.com/feed/da_hrl_lmps/definition , under the headings “Day-Ahead Hourly LMPs: 
COMED_RESID_AGG" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average 
of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the 
average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: PJM 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


18B-328 
 
18.B.351 CAISO SP-15 Day-Ahead HE 0900-1600 Fixed Price Future, 7X 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the hourly electricity prices published by CAISO for the location specified in 
Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: CIJ 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Min Price Flux: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period  
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-CAISO-SP15-DAY-AHEAD 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: “ELECTRICITY-CAISO-SP15-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the California ISO at http://oasis.caiso.com/mrioasis/logon.do, under 
the headings "Prices: Locational Marginal Prices: Node ID: TH_SP15_GEN-APND: Market: DAM” that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0900-1600 PPT 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: CAISO 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The fourth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 


18B-329 
 
18.B.352 CAISO NP-15 Day-Ahead HE 0900-1600 Fixed Price Future, 7X 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the hourly electricity prices published by CAISO for the location specified in 
Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: CIK 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Min Price Flux: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period  
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-CAISO-NP15-DAY-AHEAD 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: “ELECTRICITY-CAISO-NP15-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the California ISO at http://oasis.caiso.com/mrioasis/logon.do, under 
the headings "Prices: Locational Marginal Prices: Node ID: TH_NP15_GEN-APND: Market: DAM” that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0900-1600 PPT 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: CAISO 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The fourth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 


18B-330 
 
18.B.353  ERCOT Panhandle 345KV Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location specified in 
Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: EQF 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Min Price Flux: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-PANHANDLE 345KV HUB-DAY AHEAD 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-PANHANDLE 345KV HUB-DAY AHEAD" 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/dam_spp  
 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are 
reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 CPT 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: ERCOT 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 


18B-331 
 
18.B.354  ERCOT Panhandle 345KV Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: EQG 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Min Price Flux: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-PANHANDLE 345KV HUB-DAY AHEAD 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-PANHANDLE 345KV HUB-DAY AHEAD" 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/dam_spp  
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average 
of SPPs for all hours ending 0100-0600, 2300-2400 CPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, 
the average of SPPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 CPT 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: ERCOT 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 


18B-332 
 
18.B.355 PJM BGE Zone Real-Time Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of peak 
hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: PBR 
 
Settlement Method: Cash Settlement 
 
Contract Size: 80 MWh 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Min Price Flux: The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
 
Last Trading Day: For Monday through Friday Contract Periods, excluding NERC holidays, if the following 
calendar day is a Business Day, the Business Day following the Contract Period with a closing time of 11:00pm 
EPT the night before; If the following calendar day is not a Business Day, the Business Day equal to the Contract 
Period with a closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session For each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday 
Contract Period, the last Business Day prior to the Contract Period with a closing time equal to the end of the 
Trading Session. 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-PJM-BGE ZONE-REAL TIME 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "ELECTRICITY-PJM-BGE ZONE-REAL TIME" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at http://dataminer2.pjm.com/feed/rt_hrl_lmps/definition   
under the headings "Locational Marginal Prices: Real-Time Hourly LMPs: BGE" or any successor 
headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Average of  LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: PJM 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
 


18B-333 
 
Final Payment Date: The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading  Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


18B-334 
 
18.B.356 PJM BGE Zone Real-Time Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of off-peak 
hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: PBS 
 
Settlement Method: Cash Settlement 
 
Contract Size: 5 MWh 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Min Price Flux: The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-PJM-BGE ZONE-REAL TIME 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "ELECTRICITY-PJM-BGE ZONE-REAL TIME" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at http://dataminer2.pjm.com/feed/rt_hrl_lmps/definition   
under the headings "Locational Marginal Prices: Real-Time Hourly LMPs: BGE" or any successor 
headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Average of  LMPs for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: PJM 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading  Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


18B-335 
 
18.B.357 PJM PPL Zone Real-Time Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of peak 
hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: PBT 
 
Settlement Method: Cash Settlement 
 
Contract Size: 80 MWh 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Min Price Flux: The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: For Monday through Friday Contract Periods, excluding NERC holidays, if the following 
calendar day is a Business Day, the Business Day following the Contract Period with a closing time of 11:00pm 
EPT the night before; If the following calendar day is not a Business Day, the Business Day equal to the Contract 
Period with a closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session For each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday 
Contract Period, the last Business Day prior to the Contract Period with a closing time equal to the end of the 
Trading Session. 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-PJM-PPL ZONE-REAL TIME 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "ELECTRICITY-PJM-PPL ZONE-REAL TIME" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at http://dataminer2.pjm.com/feed/rt_hrl_lmps/definition   
under the headings "Locational Marginal Prices: Real-Time Hourly LMPS: PPL" or any successor 
headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Average of  LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: PJM 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
 


18B-336 
 
Final Payment Date: The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading  Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


18B-337 
 
18.B.358 PJM PPL Zone Real-Time Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of off-peak 
hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: PBU 
 
Settlement Method: Cash Settlement 
 
Contract Size: 5 MWh 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Min Price Flux: The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-PJM-PPL ZONE-REAL TIME 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "ELECTRICITY-PJM-PPL ZONE-REAL TIME" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at http://dataminer2.pjm.com/feed/rt_hrl_lmps/definition   
under the headings "Locational Marginal Prices: Real-Time Hourly LMPs: PPL" or any successor 
headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Average of  LMPs for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: PJM 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading  Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


18B-338 
 
18.B.359  ERCOT Panhandle 345KV Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location specified in 
Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: EQP 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Min Price Flux: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-PANHANDLE 345KV HUB-REAL TIME 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-PANHANDLE 345KV HUB-REAL TIME" 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/real_time_spp 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are 
reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 CPT 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: ERCOT 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 


18B-339 
 
18.B.360  ERCOT Panhandle 345KV Real-Time Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: EQQ 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Min Price Flux: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-PANHANDLE 345KV HUB-REAL TIME 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-PANHANDLE 345KV HUB-REAL TIME" 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/real_time_spp  
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average 
of SPPs for all hours ending 0100-0600, 2300-2400 CPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, 
the average of SPPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 CPT 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: ERCOT 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


18B-340 
 
18.B.361 ERCOT North 345KV Real-Time 7x8 Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: ECI 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A  
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH 345KV HUB-REAL TIME 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH 345KV HUB-REAL TIME" means that 
the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/real_time_spp 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: For each Monday through Sunday, the average of SPPs for all hours 
ending 0100-0600, 2300-2400 CPT 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: ERCOT 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date: The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 


18B-341 
 
18.B.362 ERCOT Houston 345KV Real-Time 7x8 Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: ECJ 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Min Price Flux: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-HOUSTON 345KV HUB-REAL TIME 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-HOUSTON 345KV HUB-REAL TIME" means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/real_time_spp 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: For each Monday through Sunday, the average of SPPs for all hours 
ending 0100-0600, 2300-2400 CPT 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing Calendar: ERCOT 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date: The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 


18B-342 
 
18.B.363 ERCOT South 345KV Real-Time 7x8 Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: ECK 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Min Price Flux: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-SOUTH 345KV HUB-REAL TIME 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-SOUTH 345KV HUB-REAL TIME" means that 
the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/real_time_spp 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: For each Monday through Sunday, the average of SPPs for all hours 
ending 0100-0600, 2300-2400 CPT 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing Calendar: ERCOT 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date: The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 


18B-343 
 
18.B.364 ERCOT West 345KV Real-Time 7x8 Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: ECL 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Min Price Flux: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-WEST 345KV HUB-REAL TIME 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-WEST 345KV HUB-REAL TIME" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/real_time_spp  
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: For each Monday through Sunday, the average of SPPs for all hours 
ending 0100-0600, 2300-2400 CPT 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing Calendar: ERCOT 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date: The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 


18B-344 
 
18.B.365 ERCOT Panhandle 345KV Real-Time 7x8 Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: ECM 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Min Price Flux: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-PANHANDLE 345KV HUB-REAL TIME 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-PANHANDLE 345KV HUB-REAL TIME" 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/real_time_spp 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: For each Monday through Sunday, the average of SPPs for all hours 
ending 0100-0600, 2300-2400 CPT 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing Calendar: ERCOT   
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date: The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 


18B-345 
 
18.B.366  ERCOT Panhandle 345KV Real-Time Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of peak 
hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: ECN 
 
Settlement Method: Cash Settlement 
 
Contract Size: 16 MWh 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: For Monday through Friday Contract Periods, excluding NERC holidays, if the following 
calendar day is a Business Day, the Business Day following the Contract Period with a closing time of 11:00pm 
EPT the night before; If the following calendar day is not a Business Day, the Business Day equal to the Contract 
Period with a closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session For each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday 
Contract Period, the last Business Day prior to the Contract Period with a closing time equal to the end of the 
Trading Session. 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-PANHANDLE 345KV HUB-REAL TIME 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-PANHANDLE 345KV HUB REAL TIME" means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/real_time_spp 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 CPT 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: ERCOT 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading  Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 


18B-346 
 
18.B.367  ERCOT Panhandle 345KV Real-Time Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of off-peak 
hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: ECO 
 
Settlement Method: Cash Settlement 
 
Contract Size: 50 MWh 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-PANHANDLE 345KV HUB-REAL TIME 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-PANHANDLE 345KV HUB REAL TIME" means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/real_time_spp 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0100-0600, 2300-2400 CPT 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: ERCOT 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading  Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 


18B-347 
 
18.B.368 PJM AEP Dayton Hub Day-Ahead Peak Energy + Congestion Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in 
Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: ADR 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-PJM-AEP DAYTON HUB-DAY AHEAD ENERGY + 
CONGESTION 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "ELECTRICITY-PJM-AEP DAYTON HUB-DAY AHEAD ENERGY + 
CONGESTION" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of 
electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by PJM at 
http://dataminer2.pjm.com/feed/da_hrl_lmps/definition, under the headings  "Day-Ahead Hourly LMPs: 
AEP-DAYTON HUB" (using the Energy prices at PJM WESTERN HUB and Congestion prices at AEP 
DAYTON HUB) or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are 
reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Average of Energy + Congestion prices for all hours ending 0800-2300 
EPT Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: PJM 
 
d) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 


18B-348 
 
 
Final Payment Date: The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 


18B-349 
 
18.B.369 PJM AEP Dayton Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Energy + Congestion Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in 
Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: ADS 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-PJM-AEP DAYTON HUB-DAY AHEAD ENERGY + 
CONGESTION 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "ELECTRICITY-PJM-AEP DAYTON HUB-DAY AHEAD ENERGY + 
CONGESTION" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of 
electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by PJM at 
http://dataminer2.pjm.com/feed/da_hrl_lmps/definition, under the headings  "Day-Ahead Hourly LMPs: 
AEP-DAYTON HUB" (using the Energy prices at PJM WESTERN HUB and Congestion prices at AEP 
DAYTON HUB) or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average 
of Energy + Congestion prices for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and 
NERC holiday, the average of Energy + Congestion prices for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: PJM 
 


18B-350 
 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date: The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 


18B-351 
 
18.B.370 PJM NI HUB Day-Ahead Peak Energy + Congestion Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in 
Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: NIP 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-PJM-NORTHERN ILLINOIS HUB-DAY AHEAD ENERGY + 
CONGESTION 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "ELECTRICITY-PJM-NORTHERN ILLINOIS HUB-DAY AHEAD 
ENERGY + CONGESTION" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per 
MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by PJM at 
http://dataminer2.pjm.com/feed/da_hrl_lmps/definition under the headings "Day-Ahead Hourly LMPs: N 
ILLINOIS HUB"(using the Energy prices at PJM WESTERN HUB and Congestion prices at N 
ILLINOIS HUB) or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are 
reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Average of Energy + Congestion prices for all hours ending 0800-2300 
EPT 
 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: PJM 
 


18B-352 
 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date: The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


18B-353 
 
18.B.371 PJM NI Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Energy + Congestion Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in 
Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: NIQ 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-PJM-NORTHERN ILLINOIS HUB-DAY AHEAD ENERGY + 
CONGESTION 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "ELECTRICITY-PJM-NORTHERN ILLINOIS HUB-DAY AHEAD 
ENERGY + CONGESTION" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per 
MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by PJM at 
http://dataminer2.pjm.com/feed/da_hrl_lmps/definition, under the headings  "Day-Ahead Hourly LMPs: 
N ILLINOIS HUB" (using the Energy prices at PJM WESTERN HUB and Congestion prices at N 
ILLINOIS HUB)  or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average 
of Energy + Congestion prices for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and 
NERC holiday, the average of Energy + Congestion prices for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: PJM 
 


18B-354 
 
 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date: The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


18B-355 
 
18.B.372 PJM Western Hub Day-Ahead Peak Energy + Congestion Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in 
Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: PJP 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-DAY AHEAD ENERGY + 
CONGESTION 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-DAY AHEAD ENERGY + 
CONGESTION" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of 
electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by PJM at 
http://dataminer2.pjm.com/feed/da_hrl_lmps/definition under the headings "Day-Ahead Hourly LMPs: 
WESTERN HUB" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are 
reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Average of Energy + Congestion prices for all hours ending 0800-2300 
EPT 
 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: PJM 
 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 


18B-356 
 
Final Payment Date: The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 


18B-357 
 
18.B.373 PJM Western Hub Day-Ahead Off-Peak Energy + Congestion Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in 
Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: PJQ 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-DAY AHEAD ENERGY + 
CONGESTION 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-DAY AHEAD ENERGY + 
CONGESTION" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of 
electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by PJM at 
http://dataminer2.pjm.com/feed/da_hrl_lmps/definition, under the headings  "Day-Ahead Hourly LMPs: 
WESTERN HUB" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average 
of Energy + Congestion prices for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and 
NERC holiday, the average of Energy + Congestion prices for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: PJM 
 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 


18B-358 
 
Final Payment Date: The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 


18B-359 
 
18.B.374 PJM PPL Zone Day-Ahead Peak Energy + Congestion Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in 
Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: PPC 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-PJM-PPL-DAY AHEAD ENERGY + CONGESTION 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "ELECTRICITY-PJM-PPL-DAY AHEAD ENERGY + CONGESTION" 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by PJM at 
http://dataminer2.pjm.com/feed/da_hrl_lmps/definition under the headings "Day-Ahead Hourly LMPs: 
PPL" (using the Energy prices at PJM WESTERN HUB and Congestion prices at PPL) or any successor 
headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are 
reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Average of Energy + Congestion prices for all hours ending 0800-2300 
EPT 
 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: PJM 
 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 


18B-360 
 
 
Final Payment Date: The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 


18B-361 
 
18.B.375 PJM PPL Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Energy + Congestion Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in 
Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: PP5 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh;  
minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-PJM-PPL-DAY AHEAD ENERGY + CONGESTION 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "ELECTRICITY-PJM-PPL-DAY AHEAD ENERGY + CONGESTION" 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by PJM at 
http://dataminer2.pjm.com/feed/da_hrl_lmps/definition, under the headings  "Day-Ahead Hourly LMPs: 
PPL" (using the Energy prices at PJM WESTERN HUB and Congestion prices at PPL) or any successor 
headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average 
of Energy + Congestion prices for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and 
NERC holiday, the average of Energy + Congestion prices for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: PJM 
 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 


18B-362 
 
Final Payment Date: The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 
 


18B-363 
 
18.B.376 PJM PEPCO Zone Day-Ahead Peak Energy + Congestion Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in 
Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: PPA 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-PJM-PEPCO-DAY AHEAD ENERGY + CONGESTION 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "ELECTRICITY-PJM-PEPCO-DAY AHEAD ENERGY + CONGESTION" 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by PJM at 
http://dataminer2.pjm.com/feed/da_hrl_lmps/definition under the headings "Day-Ahead Hourly LMPs: 
PEPCO" (using the Energy prices at PJM WESTERN HUB and Congestion prices at PEPCO) or any 
successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are 
reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Average of Energy + Congestion prices for all hours ending 0800-2300 
EPT 
 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: PJM 
 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 


18B-364 
 
 
Final Payment Date: The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 
 


18B-365 
 
18.B.377 PJM PEPCO Zone Day-Ahead Off-Peak Energy + Congestion Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in 
Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: PPB 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-PJM-PEPCO-DAY AHEAD ENERGY + CONGESTION 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "ELECTRICITY-PJM-PEPCO-DAY AHEAD ENERGY + CONGESTION" 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by PJM at 
http://dataminer2.pjm.com/feed/da_hrl_lmps/definition, under the headings "Day-Ahead Hourly LMPs: 
PEPCO"(using the Energy prices at PJM WESTERN HUB and Congestion prices at PEPCO) or any 
successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average 
of Energy + Congestion prices for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and 
NERC holiday, the average of Energy + Congestion prices for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: PJM 
 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 


18B-366 
 
Final Payment Date: The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


18B-367 
 
18.B.378 PJM PSEG Day-Ahead Peak Energy + Congestion Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in 
Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: PSF 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-PJM-PSEG-DAY AHEAD ENERGY + CONGESTION 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "ELECTRICITY-PJM-PSEG-DAY AHEAD ENERGY + CONGESTION" 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by PJM at 
http://dataminer2.pjm.com/feed/da_hrl_lmps/definition under the headings "Day-Ahead Hourly LMPs: 
PSEG" (using the Energy prices at PJM WESTERN HUB and Congestion prices at PSEG) or any 
successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are 
reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Average of Energy + Congestion prices for all hours ending 0800-2300 
EPT 
 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: PJM 
 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 


18B-368 
 
Final Payment Date: The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 


18B-369 
 
18.B.379 PJM PSEG Day-Ahead Off-Peak Energy + Congestion Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in 
Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: PSG 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-PJM-PSEG-DAY AHEAD ENERGY + CONGESTION 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "ELECTRICITY-PJM-PSEG-DAY AHEAD ENERGY + CONGESTION" 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by PJM at 
http://dataminer2.pjm.com/feed/da_hrl_lmps/definition, under the headings "Day-Ahead Hourly LMPs: 
PSEG" (using the Energy prices at PJM WESTERN HUB and Congestion prices at PSEG) or any 
successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average 
of Energy + Congestion prices for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and 
NERC holiday, the average of Energy + Congestion prices for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: PJM 
 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 


18B-370 
 
Final Payment Date: The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


18B-371 
 
18.B.380 NYISO Zone G Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by ISO New England for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: NGR 
 
Settlement Method: Cash Settlement 
 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Average of Reference Price A Prices 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE G (HUD VL)-REAL TIME 
 
a) Description: "ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE G (HUD VL)-REAL TIME" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
which Specified Price will be the Specified Price for each hour during the Delivery Period, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by the NYISO at https://www.nyiso.com/energy-market-operational-data " Pricing 
Data:Real-Time LBMP: Zonal: HUD VL 61758: LBMP ($/MWhr)" or any successor headings, that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price: Average of LBMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar: NYISO 
e) elivery Date: Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 


18B-372 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


18B-373 
 
18.B.381 NYISO Zone G Real-Time Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by ISO New England for the 
location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: NGS 
 
Settlement Method: Cash Settlement 
 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Average of Reference Price A Prices 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE G (HUD VL)-REAL TIME 
 
a) Description: "ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE G (HUD VL)-REAL TIME" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
which Specified Price will be the Specified Price for each hour during the Delivery Period, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by the NYISO at https://www.nyiso.com/energy-market-operational-data " Pricing 
Data:Real-Time LBMP: Zonal: HUD VL 61758: LBMP ($/MWhr)" or any successor headings, that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price: For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LBMPs for 
all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the average of 
LBMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar: NYISO 
 
e) Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 


18B-374 
 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


18B-375 
 
18.B.382 ISO New England Massachusetts Hub Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by ISO New England for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: NOF 
 
Settlement Method: Cash Settlement 
 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Average of Reference Price A Prices 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-MASS HUB-REAL TIME 
 
a) Description: "ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-MASS HUB-REAL TIME" means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ISO New England at   https://www.iso-
ne.com/isoexpress/web/reports/pricing/-/tree/lmps-rt-hourly-final “Final Real-Time Hourly LMPs: 
4000:.H.INTERNAL_HUB: " or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing 
Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price: Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar: ISO New England 
 
e) Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
 


18B-376 
 
 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


18B-377 
 
18.B.383 ISO New England Massachusetts Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the Off-Peak hourly electricity prices published by ISO New England for the 
location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: NOG 
 
Settlement Method: Cash Settlement 
 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Average of Reference Price A Prices 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-MASS HUB-REAL TIME 
 
a) Description: "ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-MASS HUB-REAL TIME" means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ISO New England at   https://www.iso-
ne.com/isoexpress/web/reports/pricing/-/tree/lmps-rt-hourly-final “Final Real-Time Hourly LMPs: 
4000:.H.INTERNAL_HUB: " or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing 
Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price: For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs for 
all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the average of 
LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar: ISO New England 
 
e) Delivery Date: Contract Period 


18B-378 
 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


18B-379 
 
18.B.384 ISO New England Massachusetts Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of Off-Peak 
hourly electricity prices published by ISO New England for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: NOH 
 
Settlement Method: Cash Settlement 
 
Contract Size: 50 MWh 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-MASS HUB-REAL-TIME 
 
a) Description: "ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-MASS HUB-REAL-TIME" means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ISO New England at  https://www.iso-
ne.com/isoexpress/web/reports/pricing/-/tree/lmps-rt-hourly-final "Hourly Real-Time LMPs: 
4000:.H.INTERNAL_HUB: " or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing 
Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price: For each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, the average of LMPs for 
all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT; for each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday, the average of 
LMPs for all hours ending 0100-2400 EPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar: ISO New England 
 
e) Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 


18B-380 
 
 
 
Final Payment Date: The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


18B-381 
 
18.B.385 ISO New England Massachusetts Hub Day-Ahead 2x16 Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by ISO New England for the location 
specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: NO2 
 
Settlement Method: Cash Settlement 
 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Average of Reference Price A Prices 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-MASS HUB-DAY AHEAD 
 
a) Description: "ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-MASS HUB-DAY AHEAD" means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ISO New England at https://www.iso-
ne.com/isoexpress/web/reports/pricing/-/tree/lmps-da-hourly "Hourly Day-Ahead LMPs: 
4000:.H.INTERNAL_HUB: " or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing 
Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date: Each Saturday, Sunday, and all NERC holidays, that prices are reported for the Delivery 
Date 
 
c) Specified Price: Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar: ISO New England 
 
e) Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 


18B-382 
 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


18B-383 
 
18.B.386 NYISO Zone G Day-Ahead Peak Daily Mini Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of peak 
hourly electricity prices published by NYISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: NDX 
 
Settlement Method: Cash Settlement 
 
Contract Size: 16 MWh 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Average of Reference Price A Prices 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE G (HUD VL)-DAY-AHEAD 
 
a) Description: "ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE G (HUD VL)-DAY_AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
which Specified Price will be the Specified Price for each hour during the Delivery Period, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by the NYISO at https://www.nyiso.com/energy-market-operational-data " Pricing 
Data:Real-Time LBMP: Zonal: HUD VL 61758: LBMP ($/MWhr)" or any successor headings, that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price: Average of LBMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar: NYISO 
 
e) Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


18B-384 
 
18.B.387 NYISO Zone A Day-Ahead Peak Daily Mini Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of peak 
hourly electricity prices published by NYISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: NDY 
 
Settlement Method: Cash Settlement 
 
Contract Size: 16 MWh 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Average of Reference Price A Prices 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE A (WEST)-DAY AHEAD 
 
a) Description: "ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE A (WEST)-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
which Specified Price will be the Specified Price for each hour during the Delivery Period, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by the NYISO at http://www.nyiso.com/oasis/index.html, under the headings "Pricing 
Data: Day Ahead Market LBMP: Zonal: WEST 61752: LBMP ($/MWhr)" or any successor headings, 
that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price: Average of LBMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar: NYISO 
 
e) Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 


18B-385 
 
18.B.388 ERCOT North 345KV Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Daily Mini Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of off-peak 
hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: NME 
 
Settlement Method: Cash Settlement 
 
Contract Size: 5 MWh 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH 345KV HUB-REAL TIME 
 
a) Description: "ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH 345KV HUB-REAL TIME" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/real_time_spp 
 
b) Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price: Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0100-0600, 2300-2400 CPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar: ERCOT 
 
e) Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date: The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


18B-386 
 
18.B.389 CAISO NP-15 Day-Ahead HE 0700-0800, 1700-2200 Fixed Price Future 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by CAISO for the location specified in 
Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: CNL 
Settlement Method: Cash Settlement 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-CAISO-NP15-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description: “ELECTRICITY-CAISO-NP15-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for a Pricing Date will 
be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by the California ISO at http://oasis.caiso.com/mrioasis/logon.do, under the headings 
"Prices: Report: Interval Locational Marginal Prices: P/APNode ID: TH_NP15_GEN-APND that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date: Each Monday through Saturday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for the 
Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price: Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0700-0800, 1700-2200 PPT 
d) Pricing calendar: CAISO 
e) Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The fifth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


18B-387 
 
18.B.390 CAISO NP-15 Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Mini Fixed Price Future 
Description: A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of off-peak 
hourly electricity prices published by CAISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: CNN 
Settlement Method: Cash Settlement 
Contract Size: 5 MWh 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-CAISO-NP15-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description: “ELECTRICITY-CAISO-NP15-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for a Pricing Date will 
be that day's specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by the California ISO at http://oasis.caiso.com/mrioasis/logon.do, under the headings 
"Prices: Report: Interval Locational Marginal Prices: P/APNode ID: TH_NP15_GEN-APND that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price: Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-0600, 2300-2400 PPT 
d) Pricing calendar: CAISO 
e) Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The fifth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


18B-388 
 
18.B.391 CAISO NP-15 Day-Ahead Peak Daily Mini Fixed Price Future 
Description: A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of peak 
hourly electricity prices published by CAISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: CNJ 
Settlement Method: Cash Settlement 
Contract Size: 16 MWh 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-CAISO-NP15-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description: “ELECTRICITY-CAISO-NP15-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for a Pricing Date will 
be that day's specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by the California ISO at http://oasis.caiso.com/mrioasis/logon.do, under the headings 
"Prices: Report: Interval Locational Marginal Prices: P/APNode ID: TH_NP15_GEN-APND that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price: Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 PPT 
d) Pricing calendar: CAISO 
e) Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The fifth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


18B-389 
 
18.B.392 CAISO SP-15 Day-Ahead HE 0700-0800, 1700-2200 Fixed Price Future 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by CAISO for the location specified in 
Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: CNK 
Settlement Method: Cash Settlement 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-CAISO-SP15-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description: “ELECTRICITY-CAISO-SP15-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for a Pricing Date will 
be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by the California ISO at http://oasis.caiso.com/mrioasis/logon.do, under the headings 
"Prices: Report: Interval Locational Marginal Prices: P/APNode ID: TH_SP15_GEN-APND that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date: Each Monday through Saturday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for the 
Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price: Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0700-0800, 1700-2200 PPT 
d) Pricing calendar: CAISO 
e) Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The fifth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 


18B-390 
 
18.B.393 CAISO SP-15 Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Mini Fixed Price Future 
Description: A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of off-peak 
hourly electricity prices published by CAISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: CNO 
Settlement Method: Cash Settlement 
Contract Size: 5 MWh 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-CAISO-SP15-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description: “ELECTRICITY-CAISO-SP15-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for a Pricing Date will 
be that day's specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by the California ISO at http://oasis.caiso.com/mrioasis/logon.do, under the headings 
"Prices: Report: Interval Locational Marginal Prices: P/APNode ID: TH_SP15_GEN-APND that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price: Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-0600, 2300-2400 PPT 
d) Pricing calendar: CAISO 
e) Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The fifth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


18B-391 
 
18.B.394 CAISO SP-15 Day-Ahead Peak Daily Mini Fixed Price Future 
Description: A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of peak 
hourly electricity prices published by CAISO for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: CNI 
Settlement Method: Cash Settlement 
Contract Size: 16 MWh 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-CAISO-SP15-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description: “ELECTRICITY-CAISO-SP15-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for a Pricing Date will 
be that day's specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by the California ISO at http://oasis.caiso.com/mrioasis/logon.do, under the headings 
"Prices: Report: Interval Locational Marginal Prices: P/APNode ID: TH_SP15_GEN-APND that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price: Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 PPT 
d) Pricing calendar: CAISO 
e) Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The fifth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


18B-392 
 
18.B.395 ERCOT Houston 345KV Real-Time Peak 2x16 Fixed Price Future 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
electricity prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly prices published by ERCOT for the location specified in 
Reference Price A 
Contract Symbol: EDB 
Settlement Method: Cash Settlement 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-HOUSTON 345KV HUB-REAL TIME 
a) Description: "ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-HOUSTON 345KV HUB REAL TIME" means that the price for 
a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/real_time_spp 
b) Pricing Date: Each Saturday, Sunday, and all NERC holidays, that prices are reported for the Delivery 
Date 
c) Specified Price: Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 CPT 
d) Pricing calendar: ERCOT 
e) Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


18B-393 
 
18.B.396 ERCOT Houston 345KV Hub Real-Time Peak 7x16 Fixed Price Future 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
electricity prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly prices published by ERCOT for the location specified in 
Reference Price A 
Contract Symbol: EDK 
Settlement Method: Cash Settlement 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-HOUSTON 345KV HUB-REAL TIME 
a) Description: "ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-HOUSTON 345KV HUB REAL TIME" means that the price for 
a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/real_time_spp 
b) Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price: Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 CPT 
d) Pricing calendar: ERCOT 
e) Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


18B-394 
 
18.B.397 ERCOT North 345KV Hub Real-Time Peak 7x16 Fixed Price Future 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
electricity prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly prices published by ERCOT for the location specified in 
Reference Price A 
Contract Symbol: EDI 
Settlement Method: Cash Settlement 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH 345KV HUB-REAL TIME 
a) Description: "ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH 345KV HUB REAL TIME" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/real_time_spp 
b) Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price: Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 CPT 
d) Pricing calendar: ERCOT 
e) Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


18B-395 
 
18.B.398 ERCOT North 345KV Hub Real-Time Peak Daily HE 1000-1700 Fixed Price Future 
Description: A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of hourly 
electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: EDD 
Settlement Method: Cash Settlement 
Contract Size:  40 MWh 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day: The Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH 345KV HUB-REAL TIME 
a) Description: "ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH 345KV HUB-REAL TIME" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/real_time_spp 
b) Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price: Average of SPPs for all hours ending 1000-1700 CPT 
d) Pricing calendar: ERCOT 
e) Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading  Day 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 


18B-396 
 
18.B.399 ERCOT North 345KV Hub Real-Time Peak HE 1000-1700 Fixed Price Future, 7X 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location specified in 
Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: ED7 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period  
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH 345KV HUB-REAL TIME 
a) Description: "ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH 345KV HUB-REAL TIME" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/real_time_spp 
b) Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price: Average of SPPs for all hours ending 1000-1700 CPT 
d) Pricing calendar: ERCOT 
e) Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


18B-397 
 
18.B.400 ERCOT South 345KV Hub Real-Time Peak 2x16 Fixed Price Future 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
electricity prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly prices published by ERCOT for the location specified in 
Reference Price A 
Contract Symbol: EDA 
Settlement Method: Cash Settlement 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-SOUTH 345KV HUB-REAL TIME 
a) Description: "ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-SOUTH 345KV HUB REAL TIME" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/real_time_spp 
b) Pricing Date: Each Saturday, Sunday, and all NERC holidays, that prices are reported for the Delivery 
Date 
c) Specified Price: Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 CPT 
d) Pricing calendar: ERCOT 
e) Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


18B-398 
 
18.B.401 ERCOT South 345KV Hub Real-Time Peak 7x16 Fixed Price Future 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
electricity prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly prices published by ERCOT for the location specified in 
Reference Price A 
Contract Symbol: EDJ 
Settlement Method: Cash Settlement 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-SOUTH345KV HUB-REAL TIME 
a) Description: "ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-SOUTH345KV HUB REAL TIME" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/real_time_spp 
b) Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price: Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 CPT 
d) Pricing calendar: ERCOT 
e) Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


18B-399 
 
18.B.402 ERCOT West 345KV Real-Time Peak 2x16 Fixed Price Future 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
electricity prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly prices published by ERCOT for the location specified in 
Reference Price A 
Contract Symbol: EDC 
Settlement Method: Cash Settlement 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-WEST 345KV HUB-REAL TIME 
a) Description: "ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-WEST 345KV HUB REAL TIME" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/real_time_spp 
b) Pricing Date: Each Saturday, Sunday, and all NERC holidays, that prices are reported for the Delivery 
Date 
c) Specified Price: Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 CPT 
d) Pricing calendar: ERCOT 
e) Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


18B-400 
 
18.B.403 ERCOT West 345KV Hub Real-Time Peak 7x16 Fixed Price Future 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
electricity prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly prices published by ERCOT for the location specified in 
Reference Price A 
Contract Symbol: EDL 
Settlement Method: Cash Settlement 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Average of Reference Price A Prices 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-WEST 345KV HUB-REAL TIME 
a) Description: "ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-WEST 345KV HUB REAL TIME" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/real_time_spp 
b) Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price: Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 CPT 
d) Pricing calendar: ERCOT 
e) Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


18B-401 
 
18.B.404 Mead 230 Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the off-peak hourly electricity prices published by ICE for the location specified in 
Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: MBX 
Settlement Method: Cash Settlement 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Average of Reference Price A Prices 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-MEAD 230 OFF-PEAK-ICE 
a) Description: "ELECTRICITY-MEAD 230 OFF-PEAK-ICE" means that the price for a Pricing Date will 
be that day's Specified Price per MWH of on-peak electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by ICE at www.theice.com, under the headings "Day Ahead Power: ICE Daily 
Indices: Hub: Mead 230 Peak: Wtd Avg Index" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on 
that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price: Avg 
d) Pricing calendar: ICE 
e) Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The first Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


18B-402 
 
18.B.405 Mead 230 Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by ICE for the location specified in 
Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: MBW 
Settlement Method: Cash Settlement 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Average of Reference Price A Prices 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-MEAD 230 PEAK-ICE 
a) Description: "ELECTRICITY-MEAD 230 PEAK-ICE" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be 
that day's Specified Price per MWH of on-peak electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by ICE at www.theice.com, under the headings "Day Ahead Power: ICE Daily 
Indices: Hub: Mead 230 Peak: Wtd Avg Index" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on 
that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date: Each Monday through Saturday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for the 
Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price: Avg 
d) Pricing calendar: ICE 
e) Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The first Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


18B-403 
 
18.B.406 Mid-Columbia Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Mini Fixed Price Future 
Description: A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of off-peak 
hourly electricity prices published by ICE for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: MDM 
Settlement Method: Cash Settlement 
Contract Size: 5 MWh 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-MID C OFF-PEAK-ICE 
a) Description: "ELECTRICITY-MID C OFF-PEAK-ICE" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be 
that day's Specified Price per MWH of on-Off-Peak electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by ICE at www.theice.com, under the headings "Day Ahead Power: ICE Daily 
Indices: Hub: Mid C Off-Peak: Wtd Avg Index" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective 
on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price: Avg 
d) Pricing calendar: ICE 
e) Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


18B-404 
 
18.B.407 Mid-Columbia Day-Ahead Peak Daily Mini Fixed Price Future 
Description: A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of peak 
hourly electricity prices published by ICE for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: MDD 
Settlement Method: Cash Settlement 
Contract Size: 16 MWh 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-MID C PEAK-ICE 
a) Description: "ELECTRICITY-MID C PEAK-ICE" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that 
day's Specified Price per MWH of on-peak electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by ICE at www.theice.com, under the headings "Day Ahead Power: ICE Daily Indices: 
Hub: Mid C Peak: Wtd Avg Index" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing 
Date. 
b) Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price: Avg 
d) Pricing calendar: ICE 
e) Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


18B-405 
 
18.B.408 Palo Verde Day-Ahead Off-Peak Daily Fixed Mini Price Future 
Description: A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of off-peak 
hourly electricity prices published by ICE for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: VDR 
Settlement Method: Cash Settlement 
Contract Size: 5 MWh 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-PALO VERDE OFF-PEAK-ICE 
a) Description: "ELECTRICITY-PALO VERDE OFF-PEAK-ICE" means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MWH of on-Off-Peak electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by ICE at www.theice.com, under the headings "Day Ahead Power: ICE 
Daily Indices: Hub: Palo Verde Off-Peak: Wtd Avg Index" or any successor headings, that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price: Avg 
d) Pricing calendar: ICE 
e) Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


18B-406 
 
18.B.409 Palo Verde Day-Ahead Peak Daily Mini Fixed Price Future 
Description: A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of peak 
hourly electricity prices published by ICE for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: VDQ 
Settlement Method: Cash Settlement 
Contract Size: 16 MWh 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-PALO VERDE PEAK-ICE 
a) Description: "ELECTRICITY-PALO VERDE PEAK-ICE" means that the price for a Pricing Date will 
be that day's Specified Price per MWH of on-peak electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by ICE at www.theice.com, under the headings "Day Ahead Power: ICE Daily 
Indices: Hub: Palo Verde Peak: Wtd Avg Index" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective 
on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price: Avg 
d) Pricing calendar: ICE 
e) Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


18B-407 
 
18.B.410 PJM Western Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Mini Fixed Price Future 
Description: A daily cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of peak 
hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: PJL 
Settlement Method: Cash Settlement 
Contract Size: 16 MWh 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description: "ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets/energy-market/day-ahead.html, under 
the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-Ahead Data: WESTERN 
HUB" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price: Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d) Pricing calendar: PJM 
e) Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


18B-408 
 
18.B.411 PJM Western Hub Day-Ahead Peak HE 1000-1700 Fixed Price Future, 7X 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in 
Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: PJK 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day of the Contract Period  
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description: "ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets/energy-market/day-ahead.html, under 
the headings "Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-Ahead Data: WESTERN 
HUB" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price: Average of LMPs for all hours ending 1000-1700 EPT 
d) Pricing calendar: PJM 
e) Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


18B-409 
 
18.B.412 PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak HE 1000-1700 Fixed Price Future, 7X 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by PJM for the location specified in 
Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: PJJ 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day of the Contract Period  
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-REAL TIME 
a) Description: "ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-REAL TIME" means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets/energy-market/Day-Ahead.html, 
under the headings "Daily Day-Ahead LMP: Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing Files: 
WESTERN HUB" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price: Average of LMPs for all hours ending 1000-1700 EPT 
d) Pricing calendar: PJM 
e) Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 


18B-410 
 
18.B.413 ERCOT North 345 KV Real-Time HE 1800-2200 Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location specified in 
Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: ERC 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period  
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH 345KV HUB-REAL TIME 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH 345KV HUB-REAL TIME" means that 
the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/real_time_spp, or any successor headings where prices are 
published. 
 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are 
reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Average of SPPs for all hours ending 1800-2200 CPT 
 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: ERCOT 
 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date: The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 


18B-411 
 
18.B.414 ERCOT South 345 KV Real-Time HE 1800-2200 Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location specified in 
Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: ERD 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period  
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-SOUTH345KV HUB-REAL TIME 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-SOUTH345KV HUB-REAL TIME" means that 
the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/real_time_spp, or any successor headings where prices are 
published. 
 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are 
reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Average of SPPs for all hours ending 1800-2200 CPT 
 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: ERCOT 
 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date: The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


18B-412 
 
18.B.415 ERCOT West 345 KV Real-Time HE 1800-2200 Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location specified in 
Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: ERE 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period  
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-WEST 345KV HUB-REAL TIME 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-WEST 345KV HUB-REAL TIME" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/real_time_spp, or any successor headings where prices are 
published. 
 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are 
reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Average of SPPs for all hours ending 1800-2200 CPT 
 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: ERCOT 
 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
Final Payment Date: The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 


18B-413 
 
18.B.416 ERCOT Houston 345 KV Real-Time HE 1800-2200 Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the peak hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location specified in 
Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: ERB 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day prior to the Contract Period  
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-HOUSTON 345KV HUB-REAL TIME 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-HOUSTON 345KV HUB-REAL TIME" means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/real_time_spp, or any successor headings where prices are 
published. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are 
reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Average of SPPs for all hours ending 1800-2200 CPT 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: ERCOT 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


18B-414 
 
18.B.417 ERCOT Contingency Reserve Service Future 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the mathematical average of daily 
prices calculated by averaging the hourly electricity prices published by ERCOT for the location specified in 
Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: ECY 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 48 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day: The last Business Day of the Contract Period  
Final Settlement: Average of Reference Price A prices 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-CONTINGENCY RESERVE SERVICE-DAY-
AHEAD 
a) Ref Price A - Description: “ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-CONTINGENCY RESERVE SERVICE-DAY-
AHEAD” means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of capacity 
for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/mktinfo/prices/, under the heading "Market Information: Market Prices: Day-
Ahead Market Prices" or any successor headings, that reports ancillary services prices effective on that 
Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: For each calendar day, Monday-Sunday, the average of prices for all 
hours, 0100-2400CPT. 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing Calendar: ERCOT 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Final Payment Date: The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 


Subchapter 18C – Financial Environmental
Futures Contracts
Rule
Subject
18.C.001
Reserved
18.C.002
Reserved
18.C.003
Reserved


18.C.001
Reserved
18.C.002
Reserved
18.C.003
Reserved


18D-1 
 
Subchapter 18D – Physical Environmental 
Futures Contracts 
Rule 
Subject 
18.D.001 
California Carbon Allowance Future 
18.D.002 
Reserved 
18.D.003 
Reserved 
18.D.004 
Reserved 
18.D.005 
Reserved  
18.D.006 
Reserved  
18.D.007 
Reserved  
18.D.008 
Reserved  
18.D.009 
Reserved 
18.D.010 
Reserved  
18.D.011 
Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative Future 
18.D.012 
Reserved 
18.D.013 
Reserved  
18.D.014 
Reserved 
18.D.015 
Reserved 
18.D.016 
Reserved 
18.D.017 
Reserved  
18.D.018  
Reserved  
18.D.019  
Reserved  
18.D.020  
Reserved  
18.D.021  
Reserved  
18.D.022 
California Carbon Allowance Future - Vintage 2019 and After 


18D-2 
 
18.D.023 
Reserved 
18.D.024 
California Carbon Allowance Specific Vintage Future  
18.D.025 
Reserved  
18.D.026 
Reserved  
18.D.027 
Reserved    
18.D.028 
Reserved 
18.D.029 
Reserved   
18.D.030 
Reserved    
18.D.031 
Reserved   
18.D.032 
Massachusetts Solar Renewal Energy Certificate Carve Out I Future 
18.D.033 
Massachusetts Solar Renewal Energy Certificate Carve Out II Future 
18.D.034 
New Jersey Renewable Energy Certificate Class I Future 
18.D.035 
Maryland Compliance Renewable Energy Credit Tier I Future 
18.D.036 
Pennsylvania Compliance Alternative Energy Credit Tier I Future 
18.D.037 
Maryland Solar renewable Energy Credit Future 
18.D.038 
Pennsylvania Solar Alternative Energy Credit Future 
18.D.039 
Connecticut Compliance Renewable Energy Certificate Class I Future 
18.D.040 
Massachusetts Compliance Renewable Energy Certificate Class I Future 
18.D.041 
NEPOOL Dual Qualified Compliance Renewable Energy Certificate Class I Future 
18.D.042 
New Jersey Solar Renewable Energy Certificate Prior Year Future 
18.D.043 
New Jersey Solar Renewable Energy Certificate Future 
18.D.044 
PJM Tri-Qualified Renewable Energy Certificate Class I Prior Year Future 
18.D.045  
PJM Tri-Qualified Renewable Energy Certificate Class I Future 
18.D.046 
California Low Carbon Fuel Standard Credit (OPIS) Future 
18.D.047 
PJM Tri-Qualified Renewable Energy Certificate Class 1 2-Year Prior Future 


18D-3 
 
18.D.048 
California Carbon Allowance Current Auction Clearing Price 
18.D.049 
California Carbon Allowance Advance Auction Clearing Price 
18.D.050 
Regional Greenhouse Initiative Allowance Auction Clearing Price 
18.D.051 
California Carbon Offset Future 
18.D.052 
Maryland Compliance Renewable Energy Credit Tier 1 Prior Year Future 
18.D.053 
Reserved 
18.D.054 
Reserved 
18.D.055 
Pennsylvania Compliance Alternative Energy Credit Tier 1 Prior Year Future 
18.D.056 
Reserved 
18.D.057  
Texas Renewable Energy Certificate from CRS Listed Facilities Back Half Specific Future 
18.D.058  
Texas Renewable Energy Certificate from CRS Listed Facilities Front Half Specific Future 
18.D.059  
M-RETS Registered Renewable Energy Certificate from CRS Listed™ Wind Energy 
Facilities Back Half Specific Future 
18.D.060 
M-RETS Registered Renewable Energy Certificate from CRS Listed™ Wind Energy 
Facilities Front Half Specific Future 
18.D.061  
NAR Registered Renewable Energy Certificate from CRS Listed™ Wind Energy Facilities 
Back Half Specific Future 
18.D.062  
NAR Registered Renewable Energy Certificate from CRS Listed™ Wind Energy Facilities 
Front Half Specific Future 
18.D.063  
Texas Compliance Solar Renewable Energy Certificate from CRS Listed™ Facilities Back 
Half Specific Future 
18.D.064  
Texas Compliance Solar Renewable Energy Certificate from CRS Listed™ Facilities Front 
Half Specific Future 
18.D.065 
Pennsylvania Compliance Alternative Energy Credit Tier II Future 
18.D.066 
New Jersey Compliance Renewable Energy Certificate Class II Future 
18.D.067  
Washington Carbon Allowance Vintage 2023 Future 
18.D.068  
Washington Carbon Allowance Future Vintage 2024 and After  


18D-4 
 
18.D.069 
Washington Carbon Allowance Current Auction Clearing Price 
18.D.070 
Washington Carbon Allowance specific Vintage Future 


18D-5 
 
18.D.001 
California Carbon Allowance Future 
Contract Description:  Physically delivered greenhouse gas emissions allowances where each is an 
allowance issued by the California Air Resources Board or a linked program (“California Carbon 
Allowance”) representing one metric ton of CO2 equivalent under California Assembly Bill 32 
"California Global Warming Solutions Act of 2006" and its associated regulations, rules and 
amendments, all together known as the "California Cap and Trade Program".   
Contract Symbol:  Vintage 2017: CAP; Vintage 2018: CAW  
Settlement Method:  Physical delivery 
Contract Size:  1,000 California Carbon Allowances 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per California 
Carbon Allowance; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type.  Please see Table in Resolution 1 
to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:   
1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar month 
it determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years. 
 
2. The Standard Cycle is:  January, February, March, April, May,  June, July, August, 
September, October, November and December   
 
Last Trading Day:  Three Business Days prior to the last Business Day of the delivery month. The last 
weekday of December is not considered a Business Day, unless otherwise determined and announced by 
the Exchange. 
Deliverable Instruments:  The deliverable instruments are California Carbon Allowances equal to the 
contract size delivered through the California MTS. 
 
California Carbon Allowances acceptable for delivery are those issued as a limited authorization to emit 
up to one metric ton of CO2 or CO2 equivalent in the California Cap and Trade Program having a vintage 
corresponding to the specified vintage year and allowances having a vintage of any year prior to the 
specified vintage-year.  
 
If the specified vintage year allowances do not exist in the California MTS at contract expiry, allowances 
of any prior vintage year or allowances of the earliest vintage year available in the California MTS shall 
be delivered.  
 
If the California MTS is not operational and capable of transferring allowances at the expiration of 
contracts in 2012, all open positions in the expiring contract will roll forward one (1) calendar year based 


18D-6 
 
on a value determined by multiplying the final settlement price of the expired contract times the sum of 
one (1) plus the interest rate on 12-month U.S. Treasury notes that is prevailing at the time of contract 
expiration.  
 
If the California MTS is not operational and capable of transferring allowances at the expiration of 
contracts in 2013 and later, all open positions in the expiring contract will settle at the Auction Reserve 
Price (ARP) as defined in the California Cap and Trade Program. Where the ARP is not defined within 
the California Cap and Trade Program, for 2013 the ARP shall be $10 per allowance. For expiries beyond 
2013, the ARP will increase by 5% per year plus the rate of inflation as measured by the Consumer Price 
Index for All Urban Consumers published by the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics. 
Registry:  California MTS  
 
 


18D-7 
 
18.D.002 
Reserved 
18.D.003 
Reserved 
18.D.004 
Reserved 
18.D.005  
Reserved 
18.D.006  
Reserved 
18.D.007  
Reserved 
18.D.008  
Reserved 
18.D.009 
Reserved 
18.D.010 
Reserved 
18.D.011 
Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative Future 
Contract Description:  Monthly physically delivered contract on Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative 
("RGGI") CO2 allowances ("RGGI CO2 Allowances").  
Contract Symbol:   
Vintage 2018: RGQ, Vintage 2019: RGR, Vintage 2020: RGS, Vintage 2021: 
RGT, Vintage 2022: RGU, Vintage 2023 : RJ3, Vintage 2024: RJ4, Vintage 
2025 : RJ5 
Settlement Method:  Physical delivery 
Contract Size:  1,000 RGGI CO2 Allowances  
Currency:  USD  
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per RGGI CO2 
Allowance; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type.  Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this 
Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar 
month it determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years. 
 
2. The Standard Cycle is:  January, February, March, April, May,  June, July, August, 
September, October, November and December   
 
Last Trading Day:  Three Business Days prior to the last Business Day of the delivery month. The last 
weekday of December is not considered a Business Day, unless otherwise determined and announced by 
the Exchange. 
Deliverable Instruments:  The deliverable instruments are RGGI CO2 Allowances equal to the contract 
size delivered through the RGGI CO2 Allowance Tracking System (“RGGI-COATS”).  


18D-8 
 
 
 
1. Contracts with a control period specific vintage: RGGI CO2 Allowances acceptable for 
delivery are those having a vintage usable for compliance in the control period associated 
with the calendar year of the contract expiration or RGGI CO2 Allowances having a 
vintage usable for compliance in any prior control period. 
 
2. For vintages 2009, 2010, 2011, and 2012:  RGGI CO2 Allowances acceptable for 
delivery are RGGI CO2 Allowances having a vintage corresponding to the specified 
vintage-year. 
 
For Vintage 2013 and later vintages, RGGI C02  Allowances acceptable for delivery are 
RGGI C02 Allowances having a vintage corresponding to the specified vintage-year and 
allowances having a vintage of any year prior to the specified vintage-year. 
Registry:  RGGI-COATS 
MIC CODE: IFED 
CLEARING VENUE: ICEU 
18.D.012 
Reserved 
18.D.013 
Reserved  
18.D.014 
Reserved 
18.D.015  
Reserved 
18.D.016 
Reserved 
18.D.017  
Reserved 
18.D.018  
Reserved 
18.D.019  
Reserved 
18.D.020  
Reserved 
18.D.021  
Reserved 
 
 


18D-9 
 
18.D.022 
California Carbon Allowance Future - Vintage 2019 and After 
Contract Description:  Physically delivered greenhouse gas emissions allowances where each is an 
allowance issued by the California Air Resources Board or a linked program (“California Carbon 
Allowance”) representing one metric ton of CO2 equivalent under California Assembly Bill 32 
"California Global Warming Solutions Act of 2006" and its associated regulations, rules and 
amendments, all together known as the "California Cap and Trade Program".   
Contract Symbol:  CAY Vintage 2020, CAZ: Vintage 2021, CB0: Vintage 2022, CBl : Vintage 2023, 
CB4 : Vintage 2024, CB5: Vintage 2025; CB6: Vintage 2026, CB7: Vintage 2027 
Settlement Method:  Physical delivery 
Contract Size:  1,000 California Carbon Allowances 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per Allowance; 
minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar 
month it determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years. 
 
2. The Standard Cycle is:  January, February, March, April, May,  June, July, August, 
September, October, November and December   
 
Last Trading Day:  Three Business Days prior to the last Business Day of the delivery month. The last 
weekday of December is not considered a Business Day, unless otherwise determined and announced by 
the Exchange. 
Deliverable Instruments:  The deliverable instruments are California Carbon Allowances equal to the 
contract size delivered through the California MTS. 
 
California Carbon Allowances acceptable for delivery are those issued as a limited authorization to emit 
up to one metric ton of CO2 or CO2 equivalent in the California Cap and Trade Program having a vintage 
corresponding to the specified vintage year and allowances having a vintage of any year prior to the 
specified vintage-year.  
 
If the specified vintage year allowances do not exist in the California MTS at contract expiry, allowances 
of any prior vintage year or allowances of the earliest vintage year available in the California MTS shall 
be delivered.  
 
Registry:  California MTS 
MIC CODE: IFED 
CLEARING VENUE: ICEU 


18D-10 
 
 
18.D.023 Reserved 
18.D.024 California Carbon Allowance Specific Vintage Future 
Contract Description:  Physically delivered greenhouse gas emissions allowances where each is an 
allowance issued by the California Air Resources Board or a linked program (“California Carbon 
Allowance”) representing one metric ton of CO2 equivalent under California Assembly Bill 32 
"California Global Warming Solutions Act of 2006" and its associated regulations, rules and 
amendments, all together known as the "California Cap and Trade Program". 
Contract Symbol:  CC0: CCAS Vintage 2020, CCI : Vintage 2021, CC2 : Vintage 2022, CC3 : Vintage 
2023, CC4 : Vintage 2024, CCT : Vintage 2025; CCU: Vintage 2026; CCV: Vintage 2027 
Settlement Method:  Physical delivery 
Contract Size:  1,000 California Carbon Allowances 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per California 
Carbon Allowance; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 
to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar 
month it determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years. 
 
2. The Standard Cycle is:  January, February, March, April, May,  June, July, August, 
September, October, November and December   
 
Last Trading Day:  Three Business Days prior to the last Business Day of the delivery month. The last 
weekday of December is not considered a Business Day, unless otherwise determined and announced by 
the Exchange. 
Deliverable Instruments:  The deliverable instruments are California Carbon Allowances equal to the 
contract size delivered through the California MTS.  
California Carbon Allowances acceptable for delivery are those issued as a limited authorization to emit 
up to one metric ton of CO2 or CO2 equivalent in the California Cap and Trade Program having a vintage 
corresponding to the specified vintage year only. 
Registry:  California MTS 
MIC CODE: IFED 
CLEARING VENUE: ICEU 
 


18D-11 
 
18.D.025  Reserved 
18.D.026  Reserved 
18.D.027  Reserved 
18.D.028  Reserved 
18.D.029  Reserved 
18.D.030  Reserved 
18.D.031  Reserved 
18.D.032 Massachusetts Solar Renewable Energy Certificate Carve Out I Future  
 
Contract Description:  Physically delivered Massachusetts Solar Renewable Energy Certificates 
(“Massachusetts SREC I”) where a Massachusetts SREC I is an electronic certificate issued by NEPOOL 
GIS for qualifying generation. 
 
Contract Symbol:  MSF 
 
Settlement Method:  Physical Delivery 
 
Contract Size:  10 MWh representing 10 Qualifying SRECs 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; 
minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: 1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar 
month it determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years.  
2. The Standard Cycle is: January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, 
September, October, November and December 
 
Last Trading Day:  Three Business Days prior to the last Business Day of the delivery month. The last 
weekday of December is not considered a Business Day, unless otherwise determined and announced by 
the Exchange.  
 
Deliverable Instruments:  Massachusetts SRECs eligible for delivery are those representing solar 
renewable energy (defined in Massachusetts General Law c.25A, 11F(c)) eligible to meet the Solar Carve 
Out Program (SREC I) requirement of the Renewable Energy Portfolio Standard promulgated under 
Massachusetts General Law c.25A 11F and issued by NEPOOL GIS having a vintage year designation 
that corresponds to the specified vintage of the expiring contract. 
 
 
Registry:  NEPOOL GIS 
 
 


18D-12 
 
18.D.033 Massachusetts Solar Renewable Energy Certificate Carve Out II Future  
 
Contract Description:  Physically delivered Massachusetts Solar Renewable Energy Certificates 
(“Massachusetts SREC II”) where a Massachusetts SREC II is an electronic certificate issued by 
NEPOOL GIS for qualifying generation. 
 
Contract Symbol:  MS2 
 
Settlement Method:  Physical Delivery 
 
Contract Size:  10 MWh representing 10 Qualifying SRECs 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; 
minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: 1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar 
month it determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years.  
2. The Standard Cycle is: January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, 
September, October, November and December 
 
Last Trading Day:  Three Business Days prior to the last Business Day of the delivery month. The last 
weekday of December is not considered a Business Day, unless otherwise determined and announced by 
the Exchange.  
 
Deliverable Instruments:  Massachusetts SRECs eligible for delivery are those representing solar 
renewable energy (defined in Massachusetts General Law c.25A, 11F(c)) eligible to meet the Solar Carve 
Out Program (SREC II) requirement of the Renewable Energy Portfolio Standard promulgated under 
Massachusetts General Law c.25A 11F and issued by NEPOOL GIS having a vintage year designation 
that corresponds to the specified vintage of the expiring contract. 
 
Registry:  NEPOOL GIS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


18D-13 
 
 
18.D.034 New Jersey Compliance Renewable Energy Certificate Class I Future 
 
Contract Description:  Physically delivered New Jersey Class I Renewable Energy Certificates (“New 
Jersey Class I REC”) where a New Jersey Class I REC is an electronic certificate issued by the PJM 
Environmental Information System Generation Attribute Tracking System ("PJM GATS") for qualifying 
generation. 
 
Contract Symbol:  NJN 
 
Settlement Method:  Physical Delivery 
 
Contract Size:  100 MWh representing 100 Class I RECs 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; 
minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: 1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar 
month it determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years.  
 
2.The Standard Cycle is: January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, 
September, October, November and December. 
 
Last Trading Day:  Three Business Days prior to the last Business Day of the delivery month. The last 
weekday of December is not considered a Business Day, unless otherwise determined and announced by 
the Exchange. 
 
Deliverable Instruments:  New Jersey Class I RECs eligible for delivery are those which are eligible to 
meet the Class I Renewable Energy minimum requirements specified in N.J.A.C. 14:8-2-3 under the New 
Jersey Renewable Energy Portfolio Standard promulgated under N.J.A.C. 14:8 verified and qualified by 
the NJ Board of Public Utilities having a vintage year designation that corresponds to the specified 
vintage of the expiring contract. 
 
Registry:  PJM GATS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


18D-14 
 
18.D.035 Maryland Compliance Renewable Energy Credit Tier 1 Future 
 
Contract Description:  Physically delivered Maryland Tier 1 Renewable Energy Credit (“Maryland Tier 
1 REC”) where a Maryland Tier 1 REC is an electronic certificate issued by PJM GATS for qualifying 
generation. 
 
Contract Symbol:  MDE 
 
Settlement Method:  Physical Delivery 
 
Contract Size:  100 MWh representing 100 Tier 1 RECs 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; 
minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: 1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar 
month it determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years.  
 
2. The Standard Cycle is: January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, 
September, October, November and December 
 
Last Trading Day:  Three Business Days prior to the last Business Day of the delivery month. The last 
weekday of December is not considered a Business Day, unless otherwise determined and announced by 
the Exchange. 
Deliverable Instruments:  Maryland Tier 1 RECs eligible for delivery are those which are eligible to 
meet the Tier 1 renewable energy requirement (as defined in the Maryland Renewable Energy Portfolio 
Standard promulgated under 7-701 of the Public Utilities Article of the Annotated Code of Maryland and 
issued by PJM GATS having a vintage year designation that corresponds to the specified vintage of the 
expiring contract. 
 
Registry:  PJM GATS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


18D-15 
 
 
18.D.036 Pennsylvania Compliance Alternative Energy Credit Tier I Future 
 
Contract Description:  Physically delivered Pennsylvania Tier I Alternative Energy Credit 
(“Pennsylvania Tier I REC”) where a Pennsylvania Tier I REC is an electronic certificate issued by PJM 
GATS for qualifying generation. 
 
Contract Symbol:  PAR 
 
Settlement Method:  Physical Delivery 
 
Contract Size:  100 MWh representing 100 Tier I RECs 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; 
minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: 1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar 
month it determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years.  
 
2. The Standard Cycle is: January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, 
September, October, November and December 
 
Last Trading Day:  Three Business Days prior to the last Business Day of the delivery month. The last 
weekday of December is not considered a Business Day, unless otherwise determined and announced by 
the Exchange. 
 
Deliverable Instruments:  Pennsylvania Tier I RECs eligible for delivery are those which are eligible to 
meet the Tier 1 renewable energy requirement in the state of Pennsylvania. The requirements are 
specified in Pennsylvania Statues Title 73 Chapter 18F and issued by PJM GATS having a vintage year 
designation that corresponds to the specified vintage of the expiring contract. 
 
Registry:  PJM GATS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


18D-16 
 
 
18.D.037 Maryland Solar Renewable Energy Credit Future 
 
Contract Description:  Physically delivered Maryland Solar Renewable Energy Credit (“Maryland 
SREC”) where a Maryland SREC is an electronic certificate issued by PJM GATS for qualifying 
generation. 
 
Contract Symbol:  MDX 
 
Settlement Method:  Physical Delivery 
 
Contract Size:  10 MWh representing 10 qualifying SRECs 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; 
minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: 1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar 
month it determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years.  
 
2. The Standard Cycle is: January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, 
September, October, November and December 
 
Last Trading Day:  Three Business Days prior to the last Business Day of the delivery month. The last 
weekday of December is not considered a Business Day, unless otherwise determined and announced by 
the Exchange. 
 
Deliverable Instruments:  Maryland SRECs eligible for delivery are those representing solar 
photovoltaic sources eligible to meet the Solar Carve Out requirement of the Maryland Renewable Energy 
Portfolio Standard promulgated under 7-701 of the Public Utilities Article of the Annotated Code of 
Maryland and issued by PJM GATS having a vintage year designation that corresponds to the specified 
vintage of the expiring contract.  
 
Registry:  PJM GATS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


18D-17 
 
 
 
 
18.D.038 Pennsylvania Solar Alternative Energy Credit Future 
 
Contract Description:  Physically delivered Pennsylvania Solar Alternative Energy Credit 
(“Pennsylvania SREC”) where a Pennsylvania SREC is an electronic certificate issued by PJM GATS for 
qualifying generation. 
 
Contract Symbol:  PAX 
 
Settlement Method:  Physical Delivery 
 
Contract Size:  10 MWh representing 10 qualifying SRECs 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; 
minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: 1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar 
month it determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years.  
 
2. The Standard Cycle is: January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, 
September, October, November and December 
 
Last Trading Day:  Three Business Days prior to the last Business Day of the delivery month. The last 
weekday of December is not considered a Business Day, unless otherwise determined and announced by 
the Exchange. 
Deliverable Instruments: Pennsylvania SREC eligible for delivery are those representing solar 
photovoltaic (“PV”) sources eligible to meet the solar PV Tier I Alternative Energy Credit requirement of 
the Alternative Energy Portfolio Standard promulgated under Pennsylvania 2004 Act 213 P.L. 1672 No. 
213, as amended, and issued by PJM GATS having a vintage year designation that corresponds to the 
specified vintage of the expiring contract. 
 
Registry:  PJM GATS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


18D-18 
 
 
 
18.D.039 Connecticut Compliance Renewable Energy Certificate Class I Future  
 
Contract Description:  Physically delivered Connecticut Class I Renewable Energy Certificates 
(“Connecticut Class I REC”) where a Connecticut Class I REC is an electronic certificate issued by the 
NEPOOL GIS for qualifying generation. 
 
Contract Symbol:  CTT 
 
Settlement Method:  Physical Delivery 
 
Contract Size:  100 MWh representing 100 Class I RECs 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; 
minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: 1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar 
month it determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years.  
 
2. The Standard Cycle is: January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, 
September, October, November and December 
 
Last Trading Day:  Three Business Days prior to the last Business Day of the delivery month. The last 
weekday of December is not considered a Business Day, unless otherwise determined and announced by 
the Exchange. 
 
Deliverable Instruments:  Connecticut Class I RECs eligible for delivery are those representing Class I 
renewable energy (defined in General Statutes of Connecticut, Title 16, c. 277, §16-1(26)) eligible to 
meet Class I requirement of the Renewable Energy Portfolio Standard promulgated under General 
Statutes of Connecticut (Title 16, c. 283, §16-245a) and issued by NEPOOL GIS having a vintage year  
designation that corresponds to the specified vintage of the expiring contract. 
 
Registry:  NEPOOL GIS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


18D-19 
 
 
18.D.040 Massachusetts Compliance Renewable Energy Certificate Class I Future 
 
Contract Description:  Physically delivered Massachusetts Class I Renewable Energy Certificates 
(“Massachusetts Class I REC”) where a Massachusetts Class I REC is an electronic certificate issued by 
NEPOOL GIS for qualifying generation. 
 
Contract Symbol:  MCL 
 
Settlement Method:  Physical Delivery 
 
Contract Size:  100 MWh representing 100 Class I RECs 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; 
minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: 1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar 
month it determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years.  
 
2. The Standard Cycle is: January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, 
September, October, November and December 
 
Last Trading Day:  Three Business Days prior to the last Business Day of the delivery month. The last 
weekday of December is not considered a Business Day, unless otherwise determined and announced by 
the Exchange. 
 
Deliverable Instruments:  Massachusetts Class 1 RECs eligible for delivery are those representing Class 
1 renewable energy (defined in Massachusetts General Law c.25A, 11F(c)) eligible to meet the Class I 
requirement of the Renewable Energy Portfolio Standard promulgated under Massachusetts General Law 
c.25A 11F and issued by NEPOOL GIS having a vintage year designation that corresponds to the 
specified vintage of the expiring contract..  
 
Registry:  NEPOOL GIS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


18D-20 
 
 
18.D.041 NEPOOL Dual Qualified Compliance Renewable Energy Certificate Class I Future 
 
Contract Description:  Physically delivered Class I Renewable Energy Certificates (“NEPOOL Class I 
REC”) where a NEPOOL Class I REC is an electronic certificate issued by the NEPOOL GIS system for 
generation simultaneously qualifying for the Massachusetts Class I and Connecticut Class I portions of 
the Renewable Portfolio Standard programs. 
 
Contract Symbol:  NER 
 
Settlement Method:  Physical Delivery 
 
Contract Size:  100 MWh representing 100 Class I RECs 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; 
minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: 1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar 
month it determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years.  
 
2. The Standard Cycle is: January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, 
September, October, November and December 
 
Last Trading Day:  Three Business Days prior to the last Business Day of the delivery month. The last 
weekday of December is not considered a Business Day, unless otherwise determined and announced by 
the Exchange. 
 
Deliverable Instruments:  RECs eligible for delivery are those that simultaneously qualify in 
Massachusetts and Connecticut as specified.  
 
Massachusetts Class I RECs eligible for delivery are those representing Class I renewable energy (defined 
in Massachusetts General Law c.25A, 11F(c)) eligible to meet the Class I requirement of the Renewable 
Energy Portfolio Standard promulgated under Massachusetts General Law c.25A 11F and issued by 
NEPOOL GIS having a vintage year designation that corresponds to the specified vintage of the expiring 
contract. 
 
Connecticut Class I RECs eligible for delivery are those representing Class I renewable energy (defined 
in General Statutes of Connecticut, Title 16, c. 277, §16-1(26)) eligible to meet Class I requirement of the 
Renewable Energy Portfolio Standard promulgated under General Statutes of Connecticut (Title 16, c. 
283, §16-245a) and issued by NEPOOL GIS having a vintage year designation that corresponds to the 
specified vintage of the expiring contract. 
 
Registry:  NEPOOL GIS 
 
 
 
 
 


18D-21 
 
 
18.D.042 New Jersey Solar Renewable Energy Certificate Prior Year Future  
 
Contract Description:  Physically delivered New Jersey Solar Renewable Energy Certificates (“New 
Jersey SREC”) where a New Jersey SREC is an electronic certificate issued by the PJM Environmental 
Information System Generation Attribute Tracking System ("PJM GATS") for qualifying generation.  
 
Contract Symbol:  NPR 
 
Settlement Method:  Physical Delivery 
 
Contract Size:  10 MWh representing 10 SRECs 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; 
minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: 1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar 
month it determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years.  
 
2. The Standard Cycle is: January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, 
September, October, November and December 
 
Last Trading Day:  Three Business Days prior to the last Business Day of the delivery month. The last 
weekday of December is not considered a Business Day, unless otherwise determined and announced by 
the Exchange. 
 
Deliverable Instruments:  New Jersey SRECs eligible for delivery are those which are eligible to meet 
the SREC requirements specified in N.J.A.C. 14:8-2-3 under the New Jersey Renewable Energy Portfolio 
Standard promulgated under N.J.A.C. 14:8 verified and qualified by the NJ Board of Public Utilities 
having a vintage year designation that corresponds to the specified vintage of the expiring contract. 
 
Registry:  PJM GATS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


18D-22 
 
 
18.D.043 New Jersey Solar Renewable Energy Certificate Future  
 
Contract Description:  Physically delivered New Jersey Solar Renewable Energy Certificates (“New 
Jersey SREC”) where a SREC is an electronic certificate issued by the PJM Environmental Information 
System Generation Attribute Tracking System ("PJM GATS") for qualifying generation.  
 
Contract Symbol:  NPS 
 
Settlement Method:  Physical Delivery 
 
Contract Size:  10 MWh representing 10 New Jersey SRECs 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; 
minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: 1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar 
month it determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years.  
 
2. The Standard Cycle is: January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, 
September, October, November and December 
 
Last Trading Day:  Three Business Days prior to the last Business Day of the delivery month. The last 
weekday of December is not considered a Business Day, unless otherwise determined and announced by 
the Exchange. 
 
Deliverable Instruments:  New Jersey SRECs eligible for delivery are those which are eligible to meet 
the SREC requirements specified in N.J.A.C. 14:8-2-3 under the New Jersey Renewable Energy Portfolio 
Standard promulgated under N.J.A.C. 14:8 verified and qualified by the NJ Board of Public Utilities 
having a vintage year designation that corresponds to the specified vintage of the expiring contract. 
 
Registry:  PJM GATS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


18D-23 
 
 
18.D.044 PJM Tri Qualified Renewable Energy Certificate Class I Prior Year Future 
  
Contract Description:  Physically delivered Class I Renewable Energy Certificates, Tier 1 Renewable 
Energy Credits and Tier I  Alternative Energy Credits (“Class I REC”) where a Class I REC is an 
electronic certificate issued by the PJM Environmental Information System Generation Attribute 
Tracking System ("PJM GATS") for generation simultaneously qualifying for the respective portions of 
the  Pennsylvania, New Jersey and Maryland  renewable portfolio standard programs. 
 
Contract Symbol:  PPY 
 
Settlement Method:  Physical Delivery 
 
Contract Size:  100 MWh representing 100 Qualifying Class 1 RECs 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; 
minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: 1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar 
month it determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years.  
 
2. The Standard Cycle is: January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, 
September, October, November and December 
 
Last Trading Day:  Three Business Days prior to the last Business Day of the delivery month. The last 
weekday of December is not considered a Business Day, unless otherwise determined and announced by 
the Exchange. 
 
Deliverable Instruments:  Class I RECs eligible for delivery are those which are eligible to meet the  
Class I or Tier 1/I requirements in each of the states of Pennsylvania, New Jersey and Maryland where; 
the Pennsylvania requirements are specified in Pennsylvania Statutes Title 73 Chapter 18F; the New 
Jersey requirements are specified in N.J.A.C. 14:8-2-3; and the Maryland requirements are specified in 
Maryland Annotated Code, Public Utility Companies Article, § 7-701 – 7-713 and in the Code of 
Maryland Regulations as implemented through Title 20, Subtitle 61. 
 
Class 1 RECs acceptable for delivery are those having a vintage year designation that corresponds to the 
specified vintage year of the expiring contract. Applicable to the Maryland vintage-year designation only 
and only for the expiry months of January through July, sellers have the option to deliver a vintage 
designation that corresponds to the specified vintage year of the expiring contract or one that is one year 
earlier. 
 
Registry:  PJM GATS 
 
 
 
 
 
 


18D-24 
 
 
18.D.045 PJM Tri Qualified Renewable Energy Certificate Class I Future  
 
Contract Description:  Physically delivered Class I Renewable Energy Certificates, Tier 1 Renewable 
Energy Credits and Tier I  Alternative Energy Credits (“Class I REC”) where a Class I REC is an 
electronic certificate issued by the PJM Environmental Information System Generation Attribute 
Tracking System ("PJM GATS") for generation simultaneously qualifying for the respective portions of 
the  Pennsylvania, New Jersey and Maryland  renewable portfolio standard programs. 
 
Contract Symbol:  PPR 
 
Settlement Method:  Physical Delivery 
 
Contract Size:  100 MWh representing 100 Qualifying Class 1 RECs 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; 
minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: 1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar 
month it determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years.  
 
2. The Standard Cycle is: January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, 
September, October, November and December 
 
Last Trading Day:  Three Business Days prior to the last Business Day of the delivery month. The last 
weekday of December is not considered a Business Day, unless otherwise determined and announced by 
the Exchange. 
Deliverable Instruments:  Class I RECs eligible for delivery are those which are eligible to meet the 
Class I or Tier 1/I requirements in each of the states of Pennsylvania, New Jersey and Maryland where; 
the Pennsylvania requirements are specified in Pennsylvania Statutes Title 73 Chapter 18F; the New 
Jersey requirements are specified in N.J.A.C. 14:8-2-3; and the Maryland requirements are specified in 
Maryland Annotated Code, Public Utility Companies Article, § 7-701 – 7-713 and in the Code of 
Maryland Regulations as implemented through Title 20, Subtitle 61. 
 
Class 1 RECs acceptable for delivery are those having a vintage year designation that corresponds to the 
specified vintage year of the expiring contract. Applicable to the Maryland vintage-year designation only 
and only for the expiry months of January through July, sellers have the option to deliver a vintage 
designation that corresponds to the specified vintage year of the expiring contract or one that is one year 
earlier. 
 
Registry:  PJM Gats 
 
 
 
 
 


18D-25 
 
 
18.D.046 California Low Carbon Fuel Standard Credit (OPIS) Future 
 
Contract Description: A monthly cash settled futures contract based on the OPIS daily assessment price 
for Physically Delivered California Low Carbon Fuel Standard (LCFS) Credits  
 
Contract Symbol: LFS 
 
Settlement Method: Cash 
 
Contract Size: 100 LCFS Credits (where 1 LCFS Credit is 1 MT) 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be Twenty-Five cent ($0.25) per 
LCFS Credit; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this 
Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: 1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar 
month it determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years.  
 
2. The Standard Cycle is: January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, 
September, October, November and December  
 
Last Trading Day:  Last Business Day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per LCFS Credit based on the average of the mean of the high and low quotations appearing in the "OPIS 
Ethanol & Gasoline Component Spot Market Prices" report under the heading "California Low Carbon 
Fuel Standard" subheading "Carb Credit” for each Business Day (as specified below) in the determination 
period. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
Business Day: Publication days for OPIS Carb Credit 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


18D-26 
 
18.D.047 PJM Tri Qualified Renewable Energy Certificate Class I 2 Year Prior Future  
 
Contract Description: Physically delivered Class I Renewable Energy Certificates, Tier 1 Renewable 
Energy Credits and Tier I Alternative Energy Credits (“Class I REC”) where a Class I REC is an 
electronic certificate issued by the PJM Environmental Information System Generation Attribute 
Tracking System ("PJM GATS") for generation simultaneously qualifying for the respective portions of 
the Pennsylvania, New Jersey and Maryland renewable portfolio standard programs. 
 
Contract Symbol: TQ2 
Settlement Method: Physical Delivery 
Contract Size: 100 MWh representing 100 Qualifying Class I RECs 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; 
minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: 1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar 
month it determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years.  
2. The Standard Cycle is: January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, 
September, October, November and December 
Last Trading Day: Three Business Days prior to the last Business Day of the delivery month. The last 
weekday of December is not considered a Business Day, unless otherwise determined and announced by 
the Exchange. 
Deliverable Instruments: Class I RECs eligible for delivery are those which are eligible to meet the  
Class I or Tier 1/I requirements in each of the states of Pennsylvania, New Jersey and Maryland where; 
the Pennsylvania requirements are specified in Pennsylvania Statutes Title 73 Chapter 18F; the New 
Jersey requirements are specified in N.J.A.C. 14:8-2-3; and the Maryland requirements are specified in 
Maryland Annotated Code, Public Utility Companies Article, § 7-701 – 7-713 and in the Code of 
Maryland Regulations as implemented through Title 20, Subtitle 61. 
Class 1 RECs acceptable for delivery are those having a vintage year designation that corresponds to the 
specified vintage year of the expiring contract. Applicable to the Maryland vintage-year designation only 
and only for the expiry months of January through July, sellers have the option to deliver a vintage 
designation that corresponds to the specified vintage year of the expiring contract or one that is one year 
earlier. 
Registry: PJM GATS 
MIC CODE: IFED 
CLEARING VENUE: ICEU 
 
 


18D-27 
 
 
18.D.048 California Carbon Allowance Current Auction Clearing Price 
 
Contract Description: The California Carbon Allowance Current Auction Clearing Price contract is a 
cleared market for California Carbon Allowance (CCA) futures contracts at a premium or discount to the 
Current Auction Settlement Price as published by the California Air Resources Board. 
Contract Symbol: ACP  
Settlement Method: 1 ACP contract expires into an eligible California Carbon Allowances futures 
contract 
Contract Size: 1 California Carbon Allowances futures contract 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per California 
Carbon Allowance; Price may be positive or negative; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. 
Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: The Exchange may list contracts for trade on the standard listing cycle of February, May, 
August and November out two years. The Exchange may list any other calendar month contract sets off 
the standard-cycle listing schedule.  
Last Trading Day: Trading shall cease at 3:00 p.m. (EPT) on the day on which the Joint Auction 
Summary Results Report (“Report”) for the specified auction is scheduled to be released.  Trading may be 
extended until 3:00 p.m. of the day that is the Last Trading Day for the eligible CCA futures contract 
(defined below) if the release of the Report is delayed for any reason. In the event that no Report is 
released due to cancellation of the auction, or release of the Report is delayed beyond the extension of 
trading permitted by the preceding sentence of this paragraph, the Last Trading Day will be determined 
by the Exchange as follows:  (a) if notice of the auction cancellation or delay is issued by the California 
Air Resources Board on or prior to the 15th day of a calendar month, then trading shall cease at 3:00 p.m. 
(EPT) on the last Business Day of such month and (b) if such notice is given by the California Air 
Resources Board after the 15th calendar day of a month, then trading shall cease at 3:00 p.m. (EPT) on the 
tenth (10th) Business Day of the next calendar month.  
Deliverable Instruments: All parties with open positions at expiry will establish equivalent long or short 
futures positions in the eligible CCA futures contract on the Final Settlement Day. The eligible CCA 
futures contract is the futures contract with a vintage equal to the current calendar year and an expiry 
month following the month the auction is held.  
Open positions in the eligible CCA futures contract shall be priced at the respective Current Auction 
Settlement Price as published by the California Air Resources Board in the Report.  In the event that an 
auction is cancelled, or the release of the Report is delayed beyond the extension of trading permitted by 
this Rule, or no Current Auction Settlement Price is published in the Report, an alternative settlement 
price that is equal to the higher of the applicable Auction Reserve Price published by the California Air 
Resources Board, and the settlement price of the eligible CCA futures contract on the Final Settlement 
Day, shall be determined by the Exchange.  
Final Settlement Day: Final Settlement Day is the day which is the Last Trading Day.  


18D-28 
 
MIC CODE: IFED 
CLEARING VENUE: ICEU 
 
 
 


18D-29 
 
18.D.049 California Carbon Allowance Advance Auction Clearing Price 
 
Contract Description: The California Carbon Allowance Advance Auction Clearing Price contract is a 
cleared market for California Carbon Allowance (CCA) futures contracts at a premium or discount to the 
Advance Auction Settlement Price as published by the California Air Resources Board. 
Contract Symbol: ACA  
Settlement Method: 1 ACA contract expires into an eligible California Carbon Allowances futures 
contract 
Contract Size: 1 California Carbon Allowances futures contract 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per California 
Carbon Allowance; Price may be positive or negative; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. 
Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: The Exchange may list contracts for trade on the standard listing cycle of February, May, 
August and November out two years. The Exchange may list any other calendar month contract sets off 
the standard-cycle listing schedule. 
Last Trading Day: Trading shall cease at 3:00 p.m. (EPT) on the day on which the Joint Auction 
Summary Results Report (“Report”) for the specified auction is scheduled to be released.  Trading may be 
extended until 3:00 p.m. of the day that is the Last Trading Day for the eligible CCA futures contract 
(defined below) if the release of the Report is delayed for any reason. In the event that no Report is 
released due to cancellation of the auction, or release of the Report is delayed beyond the extension of 
trading permitted by the preceding sentence of this paragraph, the Last Trading Day will be determined 
by the Exchange as follows:  (a) if notice of the auction cancellation or delay is issued by the California 
Air Resources Board on or prior to the 15th day of a calendar month, then trading shall cease at 3:00 p.m. 
(EPT) on the last Business Day of such month and (b) if such notice is given by the California Air 
Resources Board after the 15th calendar day of a month, then trading shall cease at 3:00 p.m. (EPT) on the 
tenth (10th) Business Day of the next calendar month.  
Deliverable Instruments: All parties with open positions at expiry will establish equivalent long or short 
futures positions in the eligible CCA Vintage Specific futures contract on the Final Settlement Day. The 
eligible CCA futures contract is the CCA Vintage Specific futures contract with a vintage three years 
advanced from the current calendar year and an expiry month following the month the auction is held.  
Open positions in the eligible CCA futures contract shall be priced at the respective Advance Auction 
Settlement Price as published by the California Air Resources Board in the Report.  In the event that an 
auction is cancelled, or the release of the Report is delayed beyond the extension of trading permitted by 
this Rule, or no Advance Auction Settlement Price is published in the Report, an alternative settlement 
price that is equal to the higher of the applicable Auction Reserve Price published by the California Air 
Resources Board, and the settlement price of the eligible CCA futures contract on the Final Settlement 
Day, shall be determined by the Exchange.  
  


18D-30 
 
Final Settlement Day: Final Settlement Day will be the day which is the Last Trading Day. 
MIC CODE: IFED 
CLEARING VENUE: ICEU 
 
 
 


18D-31 
 
18.D.050 Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative Allowance Auction Clearing Price 
 
Contract Description: The Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative (RGGI) Allowance Auction Clearing 
Price contract is a cleared market for RGGI futures contracts at a premium or discount to the Clearing 
Price as published in the RGGI Inc. Market Monitor Report of the respective RGGI Auction. 
Contract Symbol: RCP  
Settlement Method: 1 RCP contract expires into an eligible Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative futures 
contract 
Contract Size: 1 Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative futures contract 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per RGGI CO2 
Allowance; Price may be positive or negative; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please 
see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: The Exchange may list contracts for trade on the standard listing cycle of March, June, 
September and December out two years. The Exchange may list any other calendar month contract sets 
off the standard-cycle listing schedule. 
Last Trading Day: Trading shall cease at 10:00 a.m. (EPT) on the day on which the Market Monitor 
Report for the specified auction is scheduled to be released. In the event that no Market Monitor Report is 
scheduled to be released, the Last Trading Day will be determined by the Exchange in accordance with its 
Rules. 
Deliverable Instruments: All parties with open positions at expiry will establish equivalent long or short 
futures positions in the eligible RGGI futures contract on the Final Settlement Day. The eligible RGGI 
futures contract is the futures contract with a vintage equal to the current calendar year and an expiry 
month of the month the auction is held.  
Open positions in the eligible RGGI futures contract shall be priced at the respective Auction Clearing 
Price as published by RGGI Inc. in the Market Monitor Report. In the instance that an auction is cancelled 
or no Auction Clearing Price is published, an alternative settlement shall be determined by the Exchange. 
Final Settlement: Final Settlement Day will be equal to the Last Trading Day. 
MIC CODE: IFED 
CLEARING VENUE: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


18D-32 
 
18.D.051 California Carbon Offset Future 
 
Contract Description: Physically delivered California Air Resources Board greenhouse gas emissions 
offset credits where each is an certificate issued by the California Air Resources Board or a linked 
program (“California Carbon Offset”) representing one metric ton equivalent of greenhouse gas (GHG) 
emission reduction or removals enhancements achieved under California Assembly Bill 32 "California 
Global Warming Solutions Act of 2006" and its associated regulations, rules and amendments, all 
together known as the "California Cap and Trade Program". 
 
Contract Symbol: CCO 
 
Settlement Method: Physical Delivery 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 California Carbon Offsets 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per Offset; 
minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: 1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar 
month it determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years.  
 
2. The Standard Cycle is: January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, 
September, October, November and December 
 
Last Trading Day: Three Business Days prior to the last Business Day of the delivery month. The last 
weekday of December is not considered a Business Day, unless otherwise determined and announced by 
the Exchange. 
Deliverable Instruments: The deliverable instruments are California Carbon Offsets equal to the 
contract size delivered through the California MTS. Also eligible for delivery are California Carbon 
Allowances equal to the contract size delivered through the California MTS.  
 
California Carbon Offsets acceptable for delivery are those issued by the California Air Resources Board 
representing one metric ton equivalent of greenhouse gas emission reduction or removals enhancement 
achieved under California Assembly Bill 32 "California Global Warming Solutions Act of 2006" and its 
associated regulations, rules and amendments, all together known as the "California Cap and Trade 
Program". Any individual offset or series of offsets acceptable for delivery are those that are beyond the 
risk of invalidation, specifically where the Last Delivery Date of the futures contract is greater than the 
Invalidation Timeframe added to the Start of Invalidation Period (i.e.: Last Delivery Date > Invalidation 
Timeframe + Start of Invalidation Timeframe) as stated on the California Air Resource Board’s website at 
the time of delivery. 
 
Any available vintage of offset meeting these criteria is deliverable. 
 
California Carbon Allowances acceptable for delivery are those issued as a limited authorization to emit 
up to one metric ton of CO2 or CO2 equivalent in the California Cap and Trade Program having a vintage 


18D-33 
 
corresponding to the specified calendar year in which the CCO contract expires and allowances having a 
vintage of any year prior to the specified calendar year in which the CCO contract expires. 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
Registry California: MTS 
 
 
 
 


18D-34 
 
18.D.052  Maryland Compliance Renewable Energy Credit Tier 1 Prior Year Future 
 
Contract Description: Physically delivered Maryland Tier 1 Renewable Energy Credit (“Maryland Tier 
1 REC”) where a Maryland Tier 1 REC is an electronic certificate issued by PJM GATS for qualifying 
generation. 
 
Contract Symbol: MPY 
 
Settlement Method: Physical delivery 
 
Contract Size: 100 MWh representing 100 Tier 1 RECs 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; 
minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: 1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar 
month it determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years.  
 
2. The Standard Cycle is: January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, 
September, October, November and December 
 
Last Trading Day: Three Business Days prior to the last Business Day of the delivery month. The last 
weekday of December is not considered a Business Day, unless otherwise determined and announced by 
the Exchange. 
Deliverable Instruments: Maryland Tier 1 RECs eligible for delivery are those which are eligible to 
meet the Tier 1 renewable energy requirement (as defined in the Maryland Renewable Energy Portfolio 
Standard promulgated under 7-701 of the Public Utilities Article of the Annotated Code of Maryland and 
issued by PJM GATS having a vintage year designation that corresponds to the specified vintage of the 
expiring contract. 
 
Registry: PJM GATS 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venues: ICEU 
 
 
 
 
 


18D-35 
 
18.D.053  Reserved 
 
18.D.054  Reserved 
 
18.D.055  Pennsylvania Compliance Alternative Energy Credit Tier I Prior Year Future 
 
Contract Description: Physically delivered Pennsylvania Tier I Alternative Energy Credit 
(“Pennsylvania Tier I REC”) where a Pennsylvania Tier I REC is an electronic certificate issued by PJM 
GATS for qualifying generation. 
 
Contract Symbol: PAY 
 
Settlement Method: Physical delivery 
 
Contract Size: 100 MWh representing 100 Tier I RECs 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; 
minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar 
month it determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years.  
 
2. The Standard Cycle is: January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, 
September, October, November and December 
 
Last Trading Day: Three Business Days prior to the last Business Day of the delivery month. The last 
weekday of December is not considered a Business Day, unless otherwise determined and announced by 
the Exchange. 
Deliverable Instruments: Pennsylvania Tier I RECs eligible for delivery are those which are eligible to 
meet the Tier 1 renewable energy requirement in the state of Pennsylvania. The requirements are 
specified in Pennsylvania Statues Title 73 Chapter 18F and issued by PJM GATS having a vintage year 
designation that corresponds to the specified vintage of the expiring contract. 
 
Registry: PJM GATS 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venues: ICEU 
 
18.D.056 Reserved 
 
 
 


18D-36 
 
18.D.057 Texas Renewable Energy Certificate from CRS Listed Facilities Back Half Specific Future 
Description: Physically delivered Texas Renewable Energy Certificates (REC) issued by the ERCOT 
Renewables Registry for qualifying wind energy production from facilities in Texas which are listed with 
the Center for Resource Solutions (CRS) as an element of CRS’ administration of its Green-e® 
certification program. 
Contract Symbol: TBH 
Settlement Method: Physical delivery 
Contract Size: 1,000 MWh representing 1,000 Texas RECs 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; 
minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type 
Listing Cycle: 1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar 
month it determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years.  
2. The Standard Cycle is: January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, 
September, October, November and December 
Last Trading Day: Three Business Days prior to the last Business Day of the delivery month. The last 
weekday of December is not considered a Business Day, unless otherwise determined and announced by 
the Exchange. 
Deliverable Instruments: Texas RECs eligible for delivery are those which have been generated from 
wind energy production technology in Texas and having a Back Half year designation that corresponds to 
the specified vintage year of the expiring contract. REC Offsets are not deliverable. 
RECs delivered must be from facilities that have a Tracking Attestation form on file with the Center for 
Resource Solutions (“CRS”), in connection with CRS’s administration of its Green-e® certification 
programs. The Tracking Attestation form must cover the generation period of the RECs. Maintenance of 
an active Tracking Attestation form does not guarantee that a facility meets the requirements of any 
Green-e® renewable energy standards and does not mean that a facility’s supply is Green-e® Certified. 
The Green-e® name and symbol are a registered trademark owned and administered by Center for 
Resource Solutions (CRS). For more information about Tracking Attestation forms and Green-e® 
certification, please visit the Green-e® website at www.green-e.org. To confirm that a facility has an 
active Tracking Attestation form on file, please contact the Center for Resource Solutions at 
verification@green-e.org. 
For contracts which are designated as Back Half or BH, RECs acceptable for delivery are those that were 
issued for generation occurring in the last six calendar months of the specified vintage year. 
Registry: ERCOT Renewables Registry 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 


18D-37 
 
18.D.058 Texas Renewable Energy Certificate from CRS Listed Facilities Front Half Specific 
Future 
Description: Physically delivered Texas Renewable Energy Certificates (REC) issued by the ERCOT 
Renewables Registry for qualifying wind energy production from facilities in Texas which are listed with 
the Center for Resource Solutions (CRS) as an element of CRS’ administration of its Green-e® 
certification program. 
Contract Symbol: TFH 
Settlement Method: Physical delivery 
Contract Size: 1,000 MWh representing 1,000 Texas RECs 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; 
minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type.  
Listing Cycle: 1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar 
month it determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years.  
2. The Standard Cycle is: January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, 
September, October, November and December 
Last Trading Day: Three Business Days prior to the last Business Day of the delivery month. The last 
weekday of December is not considered a Business Day, unless otherwise determined and announced by 
the Exchange. 
Deliverable Instruments: Texas RECs eligible for delivery are those which have been generated from 
wind energy production technology in Texas and having a Front Half year designation that corresponds to 
the specified vintage year of the expiring contract. REC Offsets are not deliverable. 
RECs delivered must be from facilities that have a Tracking Attestation form on file with the Center for 
Resource Solutions (“CRS”), in connection with CRS’s administration of its Green-e® certification 
programs. The Tracking Attestation form must cover the generation period of the RECs. Maintenance of 
an active Tracking Attestation form does not guarantee that a facility meets the requirements of any 
Green-e® renewable energy standards and does not mean that a facility’s supply is Green-e® Certified. 
The Green-e® name and symbol are a registered trademark owned and administered by Center for 
Resource Solutions (CRS). For more information about Tracking Attestation forms and Green-e® 
certification, please visit the Green-e® website at www.green-e.org. To confirm that a facility has an 
active Tracking Attestation form on file, please contact the Center for Resource Solutions at 
verification@green-e.org. 
For contracts which are designated as Front Half or FH, RECs acceptable for delivery are those that were 
issued for generation occurring in the first six calendar months of the specified vintage year. 
Registry: ERCOT Renewables Registry 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venues: ICEU 


18D-38 
 
18.D.059 M-RETS Registered Renewable Energy Certificate from CRS Listed™ Wind Energy 
Facilities Back Half Specific Future 
 
Description: Physically delivered Renewable Energy Certificates (REC) issued by the Midwest 
Renewable Energy Tracking System (M-RETS®) for qualifying wind energy production from facilities 
which are listed with the Center for Resource Solutions (CRS). 
 
Contract Symbol: NGI 
 
Settlement Method: Physical delivery 
 
Contract Size: 1000 MWh representing 1000 M-RETS RECs 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; 
minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type 
 
Listing Cycle:  1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar 
month it determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years.  
 
2. The Standard Cycle is: January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, 
September, October, November and December 
 
Last Trading Day: Three Business Days prior to the last Business Day of the delivery month. The last 
weekday of December is not considered a Business Day, unless otherwise determined and announced by 
the Exchange. 
Deliverable Instruments: M-RETS RECs eligible for delivery are those which have been issued by the 
M-RETS Registry for qualifying wind energy production and having a Back Half year designation that 
corresponds to the specified vintage year of the expiring contract. REC Offsets are not deliverable. 
 
RECs delivered must be from facilities that have a Tracking Attestation form on file with the Center for 
Resource Solutions (“CRS”). The Tracking Attestation form must cover the generation period of the 
RECs. Maintenance of an active Tracking Attestation form does not guarantee that a facility meets the 
requirements of any CRS’s Green-e® certification standards and does not mean that a facility’s supply is 
Green-e® Certified. The CRS Listed™ and Green-e® name and symbol trademarks owned and licensed 
by Center for Resource Solutions (CRS). For more information about Tracking Attestation forms and 
Green-e® certification, please visit the Green-e® website at www.green-e.org. To confirm that a facility 
has an active Tracking Attestation form on file, please contact the Center for Resource Solutions at 
verification@green-e.org. 
 
For contracts which are designated as Back Half or BH, RECs acceptable for delivery are those that were 
issued for generation occurring in the last six calendar months of the specified vintage year. 
 
Registry: Midwest Renewable Energy Tracking System Registry 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venues: ICEU 


18D-39 
 
18.D.060 M-RETS Registered Renewable Energy Certificate from CRS Listed™ Wind Energy 
Facilities Front Half Specific Future 
 
Description: Physically delivered Renewable Energy Certificates (REC) issued by the Midwest 
Renewable Energy Tracking System (M-RETS®) for qualifying wind energy production from facilities 
which are listed with the Center for Resource Solutions (CRS). 
 
Contract Symbol: NGH 
 
Settlement Method: Physical delivery 
 
Contract Size: 1000 MWh representing 1000 M-RETS RECs 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; 
minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type.  
 
Listing Cycle:  1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar 
month it determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years.  
 
2. The Standard Cycle is: January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, 
September, October, November and December 
 
Last Trading Day: Three Business Days prior to the last Business Day of the delivery month. The last 
weekday of December is not considered a Business Day, unless otherwise determined and announced by 
the Exchange. 
Deliverable Instruments: M-RETS RECs eligible for delivery are those which have been issued by the 
M-RETS Registry for qualifying wind energy production and having a Front Half year designation that 
corresponds to the specified vintage year of the expiring contract. REC Offsets are not deliverable. 
 
RECs delivered must be from facilities that have a Tracking Attestation form on file with the Center for 
Resource Solutions (“CRS”). The Tracking Attestation form must cover the generation period of the 
RECs. Maintenance of an active Tracking Attestation form does not guarantee that a facility meets the 
requirements of any Green-e® certification standards and does not mean that a facility’s supply is Green-
e® Certified. The CRS Listed™ and Green-e® name and symbol are trademarks owned and licensed by 
Center for Resource Solutions (CRS). For more information about Tracking Attestation forms and Green-
e® certification, please visit the Green-e® website at www.green-e.org. To confirm that a facility has an 
active Tracking Attestation form on file, please contact the Center for Resource Solutions at 
verification@green-e.org. 
 
For contracts which are designated as Front Half or FH, RECs acceptable for delivery are those that were 
issued for generation occurring in the first six calendar months of the specified vintage year. 
 
Registry: Midwest Renewable Energy Tracking System Registry 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venues: ICEU 


18D-40 
 
18.D.061 NAR Registered Renewable Energy Certificate from CRS Listed™ Wind Energy 
Facilities Back Half Specific Future 
 
Description: Physically delivered Renewable Energy Certificates (REC) issued by the NAR Registry for 
qualifying wind energy production from facilities which are listed with the Center for Resource Solutions 
(CRS). 
 
Contract Symbol: NGP 
 
Settlement Method: Physical delivery 
 
Contract Size: 1000 MWh representing 1000 NAR eligible RECs 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; 
minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type 
 
Listing Cycle:  1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar 
month it determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years.  
 
2. The Standard Cycle is: January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, 
September, October, November and December 
 
Last Trading Day: Three Business Days prior to the last Business Day of the delivery month. The last 
weekday of December is not considered a Business Day, unless otherwise determined and announced by 
the Exchange. 
Deliverable Instruments: NAR RECs eligible for delivery are those which have been issued by the NAR 
Registry for qualifying wind energy production and having a Back Half year designation that corresponds 
to the specified vintage year of the expiring contract. REC Offsets are not deliverable. 
 
RECs delivered must be from facilities that have a Tracking Attestation form on file with the Center for 
Resource Solutions (“CRS”). The Tracking Attestation form must cover the generation period of the 
RECs. Maintenance of an active Tracking Attestation form does not guarantee that a facility meets the 
requirements of any Green-e® certification standards and does not mean that a facility’s supply is Green-
e® Certified. The CRS Listed™ and Green-e® name and symbol are trademarks owned and licensed by 
Center for Resource Solutions (CRS). For more information about Tracking Attestation forms and Green-
e® certification, please visit the Green-e® website at www.green-e.org. To confirm that a facility has an 
active Tracking Attestation form on file, please contact the Center for Resource Solutions at 
verification@green-e.org. 
 
For contracts which are designated as Back Half or BH, RECs acceptable for delivery are those that were 
issued for generation occurring in the last six calendar months of the specified vintage year. 
 
Registry: North American Renewables Registry 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venues: ICEU 


18D-41 
 
18.D.062 NAR Registered Renewable Energy Certificate from CRS Listed™ Wind Energy 
Facilities Front Half Specific Future 
 
Description: Physically delivered Renewable Energy Certificates (REC) issued by the NAR Registry for 
qualifying wind energy production from facilities which are listed with the Center for Resource Solutions 
(CRS). 
 
Contract Symbol: NGQ 
 
Settlement Method: Physical delivery 
 
Contract Size: 1000 MWh representing 1000 NAR RECs 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; 
minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type.  
 
Listing Cycle: 1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar 
month it determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years.  
 
2. The Standard Cycle is: January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, 
September, October, November and December 
 
Last Trading Day: Three Business Days prior to the last Business Day of the delivery month. The last 
weekday of December is not considered a Business Day, unless otherwise determined and announced by 
the Exchange. 
Deliverable Instruments: NAR RECs eligible for delivery are those which have been issued by the NAR 
Registry for qualifying wind energy production and having a Front Half year designation that corresponds 
to the specified vintage year of the expiring contract. REC Offsets are not deliverable. 
 
RECs delivered must be from facilities that have a Tracking Attestation form on file with the Center for 
Resource Solutions (“CRS”). The Tracking Attestation form must cover the generation period of the 
RECs. Maintenance of an active Tracking Attestation form does not guarantee that a facility meets the 
requirements of any Green-e® certification standards and does not mean that a facility’s supply is Green-
e® Certified. The CRS Listed™ and Green-e® name and symbol are trademarks owned and licensed by 
Center for Resource Solutions (CRS). For more information about Tracking Attestation forms and Green-
e® certification, please visit the Green-e® website at www.green-e.org. To confirm that a facility has an 
active Tracking Attestation form on file, please contact the Center for Resource Solutions at 
verification@green-e.org. 
 
For contracts which are designated as Front Half or FH, RECs acceptable for delivery are those that were 
issued for generation occurring in the first six calendar months of the specified vintage year. 
 
Registry: North American Renewables Registry 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venues: ICEU 


18D-42 
 
 
 
18.D.063 Texas Compliance Solar Renewable Energy Certificate from CRS Listed™ Facilities Back 
Half Specific Future 
 
Description: Physically delivered Texas Compliance Renewable Energy Certificates (REC) issued by the 
ERCOT Renewables Registry for qualifying solar energy production from facilities which are listed with 
the Center for Resource Solutions (CRS). 
 
Contract Symbol: TXB 
 
Settlement Method: Physical delivery 
 
Contract Size: 1000 MWh representing 1000 Texas RECs and 1000 Compliance Premiums. 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; 
minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type 
 
Listing Cycle: 1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar 
month it determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years.  
 
2. The Standard Cycle is: January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, 
September, October, November and December 
 
Last Trading Day: Three Business Days prior to the last Business Day of the delivery month. The last 
weekday of December is not considered a Business Day, unless otherwise determined and announced by 
the Exchange. 
Deliverable Instruments: The deliverable product for each single contract is 1,000 eligible RECs and, if 
required by the Green-e® certification program, 1,000 eligible Compliance Premiums (CPs). Texas RECs 
and CPs eligible for delivery are those which are eligible to meet the REC requirements specified in the 
Public Utility Commission of Texas Substantive Rule Chapter 25, Subchapter H, Division 1 under the 
renewable energy trading program, having been generated from solar energy production technology and 
having a Back Half year designation that corresponds to the specified vintage year of the expiring 
contract. REC Offsets are not deliverable. 
 
RECs and CPs delivered must be from facilities that have a Tracking Attestation form on file with the 
Center for Resource Solutions (“CRS”). The Tracking Attestation form must cover the generation period 
of the RECs and CPs. RECs and, if required, the matching CPs must be from the same facility and satisfy 
the same Green-e® Energy vintage requirement. Maintenance of an active Tracking Attestation form does 
not guarantee that a facility meets the requirements of any Green-e® certification standards and does not 
mean that a facility’s supply is Green-e® Certified. The CRS Listed™ and Green-e® name and symbol 
are trademarks owned and licensed by Center for Resource Solutions (CRS). For more information about 
Tracking Attestation forms and Green-e® certification, please visit the Green-e® website at www.green-
e.org. To confirm that a facility has an active Tracking Attestation form on file, please contact the Center 
for Resource Solutions at verification@green-e.org. 
 
For contracts which are designated as Back Half or BH, RECs acceptable for 


18D-43 
 
delivery are those that were issued for generation occurring in the last six calendar months of the 
specified vintage year. 
 
 
Registry: ERCOT Renewables Registry 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venues: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


18D-44 
 
18.D.064 Texas Compliance Solar Renewable Energy Certificate from CRS Listed™ Facilities 
Front Half Specific Future 
 
Description: Physically delivered Texas Compliance Renewable Energy Certificates (REC) issued by the 
ERCOT Renewables Registry for qualifying solar energy production from facilities which are listed with 
the Center for Resource Solutions (CRS). 
 
Contract Symbol: TXF 
 
Settlement Method: Physical delivery 
 
Contract Size: 1000 MWh representing 1000 Texas RECs and 1000 Compliance Premiums. 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; 
minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type.  
 
Listing Cycle: 1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar 
month it determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years. 
 
2. The Standard Cycle is: January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, 
September, October, November and December 
 
Last Trading Day: Three Business Days prior to the last Business Day of the delivery month. The last 
weekday of December is not considered a Business Day, unless otherwise determined and announced by 
the Exchange. 
Deliverable Instruments: The deliverable product for each single contract is 1,000 eligible RECs and, if 
required by the Green-e® certification program, 1,000 eligible Compliance Premiums (CPs). Texas RECs 
eligible for delivery are those which are eligible to meet the REC requirements specified in the Public 
Utility Commission of Texas Substantive Rule Chapter 25, Subchapter H, Division 1 under the renewable 
energy trading program, having been generated from solar energy production technology and having a 
Front Half year designation that corresponds to the specified vintage year of the expiring contract. REC 
Offsets are not deliverable. 
 
RECs and CPs delivered must be from facilities that have a Tracking Attestation form on file with the 
Center for Resource Solutions (“CRS”). The Tracking Attestation form must cover the generation period 
of the RECs and CPs. RECs and, if required, the matching CPs must be from the same facility and satisfy 
the same Green-e® Energy vintage requirement. Maintenance of an active Tracking Attestation form does 
not guarantee that a facility meets the requirements of any Green-e® certification standards and does not 
mean that a facility’s supply is Green-e® Certified. The CRS Listed™ and Green-e® name and symbol 
are trademarks owned and licensed by Center for Resource Solutions (CRS). For more information about 
Tracking Attestation forms and Green-e® certification, please visit the Green-e® website at www.green-
e.org. To confirm that a facility has an active Tracking Attestation form on file, please contact the Center 
for Resource Solutions at verification@green-e.org. 
 
For contracts which are designated as Front Half or FH, RECs acceptable for 
delivery are those that were issued for generation occurring in the first six calendar months of the 
specified vintage year. 


18D-45 
 
 
 
Registry: ERCOT Renewables Registry 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venues: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


18D-46 
 
18.D.065 Pennsylvania Compliance Alternative Energy Credit Tier II Future 
 
Description: Physically delivered Pennsylvania Tier II Alternative Energy Certificates 
(“Pennsylvania Tier II REC”) where a Pennsylvania Tier II REC is an electronic certificate issued by 
PJM-GATS for qualifying generation. 
 
Contract Symbol: PCT 
 
Settlement Method: Physical delivery 
 
Contract Size: 100 MWh representing 100 qualifying Tier II RECs 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; 
minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type 
 
Listing Cycle:  
1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other 
calendar month it determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years. 
 
2. The Standard Cycle is: January, February, March, April, May, June, July, 
August, September, October, November and December 
 
Last Trading Day: Three Business Days prior to the last Business Day of the delivery month. The last 
weekday of December is not considered a Business Day, unless otherwise determined and announced by 
the Exchange. 
Deliverable Instruments: Pennsylvania Tier II RECs eligible for delivery are those representing Tier II 
alternative energy sources (as defined in Pennsylvania Statutes Title 73 P.S. Trade and Commerce § 
1648.2) which are eligible to meet the Tier II alternative energy source requirement of the Pennsylvania 
Alternative Energy Portfolio Standards Act as specified in Pennsylvania Statutes Title 73 Chapter 18F 
and issued by PJM GATs having a vintage or energy year designation that corresponds to the specified 
vintage of the expiring contract. 
 
Registry: PJM GATS 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 
 


18D-47 
 
18.D.066 New Jersey Compliance Renewable Energy Certificate Class II Future 
 
Description: Physically delivered New Jersey Class II Renewable Energy Certificates (“New Jersey 
Class II REC”) where a New Jersey Class II REC is an electronic certificate issued by the PJM 
Environmental Information System Generation Attribute Tracking System (PJM GATS) for qualifying 
generation. 
 
Contract Symbol: NJV 
 
Settlement Method: Physical delivery 
 
Contract Size: 100 MWh representing 100 New Jersey Class 2 RECs 
 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; 
minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. 
 
Listing Cycle:  
1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other 
calendar month it determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years.  
 
2. The Standard Cycle is: January, February, March, April, May, June, July, 
August, September, October, November and December 
 
Last Trading Day: Three Business Days prior to the last Business Day of the delivery month. The last 
weekday of December is not considered a Business Day, unless otherwise determined and announced by 
the Exchange. 
Deliverable Instruments: New Jersey Class II RECs eligible for delivery are those which are eligible to 
meet the Class II Renewable Energy requirements specified in N.J.A.C. 14:8-2.6 under the New Jersey 
Renewable Energy Portfolio Standard promulgated under N.J.A.C. 14:8 verified and qualified by the NJ 
Board of Public Utilities having a vintage or energy year designation that corresponds to the specified 
vintage of the expiring contract. 
 
For deliveries of Class II RECs generated from a resource recovery facility located outside of the State of 
New Jersey, the seller must also deliver the Class II Renewable Energy Certification Form. 
 
Registry: PJM GATS 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


18D-48 
 
18.D.067 Washington Carbon Allowance Vintage 2023 Future 
 
Contract Description: Physically delivered greenhouse gas emissions allowances where each is an 
allowance issued by the Washington Department of Ecology (“Washington Carbon Allowance”) 
representing one metric ton of CO2 equivalent under Chapter 173-446 WAC of the Climate Commitment 
Act and its associated regulations, rules and amendments, all together known as the "Washington Cap and 
Invest Program". 
 
Contract Symbol: WCA 
 
Settlement Method: Physical Delivery 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 Washington Carbon Allowances 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per Allowance; 
minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar 
month it determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years. 
 
2. The Standard Cycle is: January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, 
September, October, November and December 
 
Last Trading Day: Three Business Days prior to the last Business Day of the delivery month. The last 
weekday of December is not considered a Business Day, unless otherwise specified by the Exchange. 
 
Deliverable Instruments: The deliverable instruments are Washington Carbon Allowances equal to the 
contract size delivered through the Compliance Instrument Tracking System Service (“CITSS”).  
 
Washington Carbon Allowances acceptable for delivery are those issued as a limited authorization to emit 
up to one metric ton of CO2 or CO2 equivalent in the Washington Cap and Invest Program having a 
vintage corresponding to the calendar year of the expiring contract. 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
Registry: Washington CITSS Registry 
 
 
 
 


18D-49 
 
18.D.068 Washington Carbon Allowance Future Vintage 2024 and After 
 
Contract Description: Physically delivered greenhouse gas emissions allowances where each is an 
allowance issued by the Washington Department of Ecology (“Washington Carbon Allowance”) 
representing one metric ton of CO2 equivalent under Chapter 173-446 WAC of the Climate Commitment 
Act and its associated regulations, rules and amendments, all together known as the "Washington Cap and 
Invest Program". 
 
Contract Symbol: WCB: Vintage 2024; WCC: Vintage 2025; WCD: Vintage 2026; WCE: Vintage 2027 
Settlement Method: Physical Delivery 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 Washington Carbon Allowances 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per Allowance; 
minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar 
month it determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years. 
 
2. The Standard Cycle is: January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, 
September, October, November and December 
 
Last Trading Day: Three Business Days prior to the last Business Day of the delivery month. The last 
weekday of December is not considered a Business Day, unless otherwise specified by the Exchange. 
 
Deliverable Instruments: The deliverable instruments are Washington Carbon Allowances equal to the 
contract size delivered through the Compliance Instrument Tracking System Service (“CITSS”).  
 
Washington Carbon Allowances acceptable for delivery are those issued as a limited authorization to emit 
up to one metric ton of CO2 or CO2 equivalent in the Washington Cap and Invest Program having a 
vintage corresponding to the calendar year of the expiring contract and allowances having a vintage of 
any year prior to the calendar year of the expiring contract. If the specified vintage year allowances do not 
exist in the Washington CITSS Registry at contract expiry, allowances of any prior vintage year or 
allowances of the earliest vintage year available in the Washington CITSS Registry shall be delivered. 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
Registry: Washington CITSS Registry 
 
 


18D-50 
 
18.D.069 Washington Carbon Allowance Current Auction Clearing Price 
 
Contract Description: The Washington Carbon Allowance Current Auction Clearing Price contract is a 
cleared market for Washington Carbon Allowance (WCA) futures contracts at a premium or discount to 
the Current Auction Settlement Price as published by the Washington Department of Ecology. 
 
Contract Symbol: WCP 
 
Settlement Method: 1 WCP contract exercises into an eligible Washington Carbon Allowances futures 
contract 
 
Contract Size: 1 Washington Carbon Allowances futures contract 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per Washington 
Carbon Allowance; Price may be positive or negative; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. 
Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar 
month it determines for the current year and forward for up to four years.  
 
2. The Standard Cycle is: January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, 
September, October, November, and December. 
 
Last Trading Day: Trading shall cease at 3:00 p.m. (EPT) on the day on which the Auction Summary 
Results Report (“Report”) for the specified auction is scheduled to be released. In the event that no Report 
is scheduled to be released, the Last Trading Day will be determined by the Exchange in accordance with 
its Rules.  In the event that no Report is released due to cancellation of the auction, or release of the 
Report is delayed beyond the extension of trading permitted by the preceding sentence of this paragraph, 
the Last Trading Day will be determined by the Exchange as follows: (a) if notice of the auction 
cancellation or delay is issued by the Washington Department of Ecology on or prior to the 15th day of a 
calendar month, then trading shall cease at 3:00 p.m. (EPT) on the last Business Day of such month and 
(b) if such notice is given by the Washington Department of Ecology after the 15th calendar day of a 
month, then trading shall cease at 3:00 p.m. (EPT) on the tenth (10th) Business Day of the next calendar 
month. 
 
Deliverable Instruments: All parties with open positions at expiry will establish equivalent long or short 
futures positions in the eligible WCA futures contract on the Final Settlement Day. Unless otherwise 
determined and announced by the Exchange, the eligible WCA futures contract is, if the auction is held 
during the first 20 calendar days of a month, the futures contract with a vintage equal to the current 
calendar year and an expiry month following the month the auction is held or, if the auction is held after 
the first 20 calendar days of a month, the futures contract with a vintage equal to the current calendar year 
and an expiry month two months following the month the auction is held. Open positions in the eligible 
WCA futures contract shall be priced at the respective Current Auction Settlement Price as published by 
the Washington Department of Ecology in the Report. In the event that an auction is cancelled, or the 
release of the Report is delayed beyond the extension of trading permitted by this Rule, or no Current 
Auction Settlement Price is published in the Auction Summary Results Report, an alternative settlement 
price that is equal to the higher of the applicable Auction floor price published by the Washington 


18D-51 
 
Department of Ecology, and the settlement price of the eligible WCA futures contract on the Final 
Settlement Day, shall be determined by the Exchange. 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
Final Settlement: Final Settlement Day will be equal to the Last Trading Day. 
 
 
 


18D-52 
 
18.D.070 Washington Carbon Allowance Specific Vintage Future  
Contract Description: Physically delivered greenhouse gas emissions allowances where each is an 
allowance issued by the Washington Department of Ecology (“Washington Carbon Allowance”) 
representing one metric ton of CO2 equivalent under Chapter 173-446 WAC of the Climate Commitment 
Act and its associated regulations, rules and amendments, all together known as the "Washington Cap and 
Invest Program".  
Contract Symbol: Vintage 2026: WSD; Vintage 2027: WSE  
Settlement Method: Physical Delivery  
Contract Size: 1,000 Washington Carbon Allowances  
Currency: USD  
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per Allowance; 
minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18.  
Listing Cycle: 1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar 
month it determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years.  
2. The Standard Cycle is: January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, September, October, 
November and December  
Last Trading Day: Three Business Days prior to the last Business Day of the delivery month. The last 
weekday of December is not considered a Business Day, unless otherwise specified by the Exchange.  
Deliverable Instruments: The deliverable instruments are Washington Carbon Allowances equal to the 
contract size delivered through the Compliance Instrument Tracking System Service (“CITSS”).   
Washington Carbon Allowances acceptable for delivery are those issued as a limited authorization to emit 
up to one metric ton of CO2 or CO2 equivalent in the Washington Cap and Invest Program having a 
vintage corresponding to the specified vintage year only.   
MIC Code: IFED  
Clearing Venue: ICEU  
Registry: Washington CITSS Registry  
 
 


18E-1 
 
Subchapter 18E – Energy Options Contracts 
Rule 
Subject 
18.E.001 
Option on EP San Juan Fixed Price Future 
18.E.002 
Option on Henry LD1 Same Day Fixed Price Future 
18.E.003 
Option on Henry LD4 Fixed Price Future 
18.E.004 
Option on Henry Penultimate Fixed Price Future 
18.E.005 
Option on Henry Swing Future 
18.E.006 
Option on Panhandle Fixed Price Future 
18.E.007 
Option on Socal Fixed Price Future 
18.E.008 
Calendar Spread Option on Henry Penultimate 1-Month Calendar Spread Future 
18.E.009 
Calendar Spread Option on Henry Penultimate 3-Month Calendar Spread Future 
18.E.010 
Calendar Spread Option on Henry Penultimate 6-Month Calendar Spread Future 
18.E.011 
Calendar Year One Time Option on Henry Calendar Year One Time Fixed Price Future 
18.E.012 
Average Price Option on Ethane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Non-TET, Fixed Price Future 
18.E.013 
Average Price Option Natural Gasoline, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Non-TET, Fixed Price Future 
18.E.014 
Average Price Option on Normal Butane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Non-TET, Fixed Price Future 
18.E.015 
Average Price Option on Propane, OPIS Conway In-Well, Fixed Price Future 
18.E.016 
Average Price Option on Propane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu TET, Fixed Price Future 
18.E.017 
Option on CAISO SP-15 Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
18.E.019 
Option on ERCOT North 345KV Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Future 
18.E.020 
Option on ISO New England Massachusetts Hub Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
18.E.021 
Option on Mid-Columbia Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
18.E.024 
Option on MISO Indiana Hub Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Future 
18.E.025 
Option on PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak (800 MWh) Fixed Price Future 
18.E.026 
Option on PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak (1 MW) Fixed Price Future 
18.E.027 
Option on PJM Western Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
18.E.028 
Option on CAISO SP-15 Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
18.E.029 
Option on ERCOT North 345 KV Hub Real-Time Peak Daily Look Back Fixed Price Future 
18.E.030 
Option on ISO New England Massachusetts Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
18.E.031 
Option on Mid-Columbia Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
18.E.032 
Option on MISO Indiana Hub Real-Time Peak Daily Look Back Fixed Price Future 


18E-2 
 
18.E.033 
Option on PJM AEP Dayton Hub Real-Time Peak Daily Look Back Fixed Price Future 
18.E.034 
Option on PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak Daily Look Back Fixed Price Future 
18.E.036 
Reserved 
18.E.037 
Reserved 
18.E.038 
Reserved  
18.E.040 
Option on California Carbon Allowance Future 
18.E.041 
Option on Carbon Financial Instrument, United States, Future 
18.E.042 
Option on Climate Action Reserve Future 
18.E.043 
Option on Cross State Air Pollution TR NOx Annual Allowance Future 
18.E.044 
Option on Cross State Air Pollution TR NOx Ozone Season Allowance Future 
18.E.045 
Option on Cross State Air Pollution TR SO2 Group 1 Allowance Future 
18.E.046 
Option on Cross State Air Pollution TR SO2 Group 2 Allowance Future 
18.E.047 
Option on Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative Future 
18.E.048 
Option on Sulfur Financial Instrument Future 
18.E.049 
Option on PJM AEP Dayton Hub Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Future 
18.E.050 
Option on PJM AEP Dayton Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
18.E.053 
Option on New Jersey Solar Renewable energy Certificate Future 
18.E.054 
Reserved  
18.E.055 
Reserved  
18.E.056 
Reserved 
18.E.057 
Reserved 
18.E.058 
Reserved 
18.E.059 
Option on Cross State Air Pollution Rule TR NOx Annual Allowance Future - Vintage 2015 
and After 
18.E.060 
Option on Cross State Air Pollution Rule TR NOx Ozone Season Allowance Future - Vintage 
2015 and After 
18.E.061 
Option on Cross State Air Pollution Rule TR S02 Group 1 Allowance Future - Vintage 2015 
and After 
18.E.062 
Reserved 
18.E.063 
Option on Henry Penultimate Fixed Price Future 25K 
18.E.064 
Option on PJM Western Hub Real Time Peak 50 MW Fixed Price Future 
18.E.065 
Option on ERCOT North 345KV Day-Ahead Peak Daily 80 MWh Fixed Price Future 
18.E.066 
Option on PJM Western Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
18.E.067 
Option on California Carbon Allowance Future - Vintage 2019 and After 
18.E.068  
Calendar Spread Option on Henry Penultimate 4-Month Calendar Spread Future 
18.E.069 
Calendar Spread Option on Henry Penultimate 5-Month Calendar Spread Future 


18E-3 
 
18.E.070 
Calendar One Time Option on PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak Calendar Year One Time 
Mini Fixed Price Future 
18.E.071 
Option on PJM Western Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
18.E.072 
Option on California Carbon Allowance Vintage Specific Future 
18.E.073 
Option on PJM Tri-Qualified Renewable Energy Certificate Class 1 Vintage Future 
18.E.074 
Option on Ontario Carbon Allowance Vintage Future 
18.E.075 
Option on NYISO Zone A Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Volume 
18.E.076 
Option on NYISO Zone G Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
18.E.077 
Option on NYISO Zone A Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
18.E.078 
Option on NYISO Zone G Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
18.E.079 
Option on PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak Calendar Year One Time Fixed Price Future 
18.E.080 
Option on CAISO NP-15 Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
18.E.081 
Option on CAISO NP-15 Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
18.E.082 
Option on CAISO SP-15 Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
18.E.083 
Option on Mid-Columbia Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
18.E.084 
Option on Palo Verde Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
18.E.085 
Reserved  
18.E.086 
Reserved  
18.E.087 
Reserved 
18.E.088 
Option on PJM Qualified Renewable Energy Certificate Class I Future 
18.E.089 
One Year Mid-Curve Option on PJM Tri-Qualified Renewable Energy Certificate Class I 
18.E.090 
Reserved 
18.E.091 
Average Price Option On Pjm Western Hub Day-Ahead Peak (1 Mw) Fixed Price Future 
18.E.092 
Average Price Option On Pjm Western Hub Real-Time Peak (1 Mw) Fixed Price Future 
18.E.093 
Weekly Average Price Option On Pjm Western Hub Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Future 
18.E.094 
Reserved 
18.E.095 
Option on Chicago Fixed Price Future 
18.E.096 
Option on Eastern Gas South Fixed Price Future 
18.E.097 
Option on California Low Carbon Fuels Standard Credit (OPIS) Future 
18.E.098  
Option on PJM PEPCO Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
18.E.099 
Option on PJM PECO Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
18.E.100  
Option on PJM BGE Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
18.E.101 
Option on ERCOT North 345KV Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
18.E.102  
Option on Massachusetts Solar Renewable Certificate Future   
18.E.103  
Option on Massachusetts Solar Renewable Energy Certificate Carve Out II Future 
18.E.104  
Option on NWP Rockies Fixed Price Future 
18.E.105  
Option on Waha Fixed Price Future 
18.E.106  
Option on EP Permian Fixed Price Future 
18.E.107  
Option on HSC Fixed Price Future 
18.E.108  
Option on Michcon Fixed Price Future 
18.E.109  
Option on TETCO M3 Fixed Price Future 
18.E.110 
Option on AB NIT Fixed Price Future 
18.E.111 
Option on PJM PSEG Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Priced Future 


18E-4 
 
18.E.112  
Option on PJM PSEG Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
18.E.113  
Option on PJM PPL Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
18.E.114 
Option on PJM Western Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Calendar Year One Time Mini Fixed Price Future 
18.E.115 
Option on Algonquin Citygates Fixed Price Future 
18.E.116 
Option on CG-Mainline Fixed Price Future 
18.E.117 
Option on CIG Rockies Fixed Price Future 
18.E.118 
Option on Malin Fixed Price Future 
18.E.119 
Option on NGPL Midcont Fixed Price Future 
18.E.120 
Option on NGPL TXOK Fixed Price Future 
18.E.121 
Option on NNG Ventura Fixed Price Future 
18.E.122 
Option on PG&E Citygate Fixed Price Future 
18.E.123 
Option on REX Zone 3 Fixed Price Future 
18.E.124 
Option on TCO Fixed Price Future 
18.E.125 
Option on Transco Leidy Fixed Price Future 
18.E.126 
Option on Transco Zone 6 (non NY) Fixed Price Future 
18.E.127 
Option on NEPOOL Dual Qualified Compliance Renewable Energy Certificate Class I Future 
18.E.128  
Reserved 
18.E.129 
Option on MISO Indiana Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
18.E.130 
Option on PJM AEP Dayton Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
18.E.131 
Option on PJM NI Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
18.E.132 
Option on Socal Citygate Fixed Price Future 
18.E.133 
Option on Connecticut Compliance Renewable Energy Certificate Class 1 Future 
18.E.134 
Option on Maryland Compliance Renewable Energy Credit Tier 1 Future 
18.E.135 
Option on Maryland Solar Renewable Energy Credit Future 
18.E.136 
Option on Massachusetts Compliance Renewable Energy Certificate Class 1 Future 
18.E.137 
Option on Massachusetts Solar Renewable Energy Certificate Carve Out 1 Future 
18.E.138 
Option on Massachusetts Solar Renewable Certificate Carve Out II Future 
18.E.139 
Option on New Jersey Compliance Renewable Energy Certificate Class 1 Future 
18.E.140 
Option on Pennsylvania Compliance Alternative Energy Credit Tier 1 Future 
18.E.141 
Option on Pennsylvania Solar Alternative Energy Credit Future 
18.E.142 
Option on PJM NI Hub Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Future 
18.E.143 
Option on PJM NI Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
18.E.144 
Option on PJM AEP Dayton Hub Real-Time Peak Calendar Year One Time Fixed Price Future 
18.E.145 
Option on PJM NI Hub Real-Time Peak Calendar Year One Time Fixed Price Future 
18.E.146 
Option on ISO New England Massachusetts Hub Day-Ahead Peak Calendar Year One Time Fixed 
Price Future 
18.E.147 
Henry Cal 1X Fixed Price Options 
18.E.148  
Option on California Carbon Allowance Future Vintage (Futures Style Margining) 
18.E.149  
Option on NYISO Zone J Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
18.E.150 
Option on NYISO Zone J Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
18.E.151  
Option on ERCOT North 345KV Hub Real-Time Peak Calendar Year One Time Fixed Price  
 
 Future 
18.E.152  
Option on ERCOT North 345KV Hub Real-Time Peak Daily Mini Fixed Price Future 
18.E.153  
Option on ISO New England Massachusetts Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Mini Fixed Price  
   
 Future 
 


18E-5 
 
18.E.154  
Option on PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak Daily Mini Fixed Price Future 
18.E.155 
Option on Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative Future - Vintage 2022 and after (Futures 
Style Margining) 
18.E.156 
Option on PJM Tri Qualified Renewable Energy Certificate Class I Future (Futures Style 
Margining) 
18.E.157 
One Year Mid-Curve Option on PJM Tri Qualified Renewable Energy Certificate Class I 
Future (Futures Style Margining) 
18.E.158 
Two Year Mid-Curve Option on PJM Tri Qualified Renewable Energy Certificate Class I 
Future (Futures Style Margining) 
18.E.159 
Option on California Low Carbon Fuel Standard Credit (OPIS) Future 
18.E.160 
Option on Washington Carbon Allowance Vintage 2024 Future 
 
 
 
 


18E-6 
 
Rule 18.E.001 Option on EP San Juan Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the EP San Juan 
Fixed Price Future. 
Contract Symbol:  OPU 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent 
($0.0001) per MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 
1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 60 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  At the end of the Trading Session on the last Business Day prior to the first calendar 
day of the Contract Period 
 Option Style:  European 
Exercise Method:  Automatic Only 
Exercise Procedure:  Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted 
Exercise Day:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions:  Options which are "in the money", with respect to Reference Price A, 
exercise automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the Strike Price. 
Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically.   
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-EL PASO (SAN JUAN BASIN)-INSIDE FERC 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-EL PASO (SAN JUAN BASIN)-INSIDE FERC" means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas 
for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Prices 
of Spot Gas Delivered to Pipelines ($/MMBtu): El Paso Natural Gas Co.: San Juan Basin: 
Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  First publication date of Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 


18E-7 
 
Strike Price Listing Provisions:  A minimum of 10 Strike Prices in increments of $0.25 per MMBtu 
above and below the at-the-money Strike Price.  Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures 
price movements.  User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.001 increments.


18E-8 
 
Rule 18.E.002 Option on Henry LD1 Same Day Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the Henry LD1 Same Day Fixed 
Price Future. 
Contract Symbol:  SDH 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  6 consecutive Business Day Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  At 2:30pm EPT on the Business Day equal to the Contract Period 
 Option Style:  European 
Exercise Method:  Automatic Only 
Exercise Procedure:  Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted 
Exercise Day:  The Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions:  Options which are "in the money", with respect to Reference Price A, exercise 
automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the Strike Price.   
Options which are "out of the money", expire automatically.   
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  First Nearby Month 
Strike Price Listing Provisions:  A minimum of 10 Strike Prices in increments of $0.25 per MMBtu above and 
below the at-the-money Strike Price.  Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements.  
User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.001 increments.


18E-9 
 
Rule 18.E.003 Option on Henry LD4 Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the Henry LD4 Fixed Price 
Future. 
Contract Symbol:  QHH 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 24 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  At 2:30pm EPT on the sixth Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract 
Period 
 Option Style:  European 
Exercise Method:  Automatic Only 
Exercise Procedure:  Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted 
Exercise Day:  The Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions:  Options which are "in the money", with respect to Reference Price A, exercise 
automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the Strike Price.   
Options which are "out of the money", expire automatically.   
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Three Business Days prior to the last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry 
Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 


18E-10 
 
Strike Price Listing Provisions:  A minimum of 10 Strike Prices in increments of $0.25 per MMBtu above and 
below the at-the-money Strike Price.  Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements.  
User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.001 increments.


18E-11 
 
Rule 18.E.004 Option on Henry Penultimate Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the Henry Penultimate Fixed 
Price Future. 
Contract Symbol:  PHE 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 84 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  At 2:30pm EPT on the fourth Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract 
Period 
 Option Style:  European 
Exercise Method:  Automatic Only 
Exercise Procedure:  Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted 
Exercise Day:  The Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions:  Options which are "in the money", with respect to Reference Price A, exercise 
automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the Strike Price.   
Options which are "out of the money", expire automatically.   
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  One Business Day prior to the last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub 
Natural Gas Futures Contract for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 


18E-12 
 
Strike Price Listing Provisions:  A minimum of 10 Strike Prices in increments of $0.25 per MMBtu above and 
below the at-the-money Strike Price.  Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements.  
User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.01 increments.


18E-13 
 
Rule 18.E.005 Option on Henry Swing Future 
Contract Description:  A daily Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the Henry Swing Future. 
Contract Symbol:  HHD 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  At the end of the Trading Session on the Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
 Option Style:  European 
Exercise Method:  Automatic Only 
Exercise Procedure:  Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted 
Exercise Day:  The Second Business Day follwing the Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions:  Options which are "in the money", with respect to Reference Price A, exercise 
automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the Strike Price.   
Options which are "out of the money", expire automatically.   
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-LOUISIANA (HENRY HUB)-GAS DAILY 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-LOUISIANA (HENRY HUB)-GAS DAILY" means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Daily price survey ($/MMBtu): 
Louisiana-Onshore South: Henry Hub: Midpoint" in the issue of Gas Daily that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Midpoint 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Gas Daily 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Strike Price Listing Provisions:  A minimum of 10 Strike Prices in increments of $0.25 per MMBtu above and 
below the at-the-money Strike Price.  Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements.  
User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.001 increments.


18E-14 
 
Rule 18.E.006 Option on Panhandle Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the Panhandle Fixed Price 
Future. 
Contract Symbol:  OPP 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 60 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  At the end of the Trading Session on the last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of 
the Contract Period 
 Option Style:  European 
Exercise Method:  Automatic Only 
Exercise Procedure:  Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted 
Exercise Day:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day  
Automatic Exercise Provisions:  Options which are "in the money", with respect to Reference Price A, exercise 
automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the Strike Price. 
Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically.   
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-PEPL (TEXOK MAINLINE)-INSIDE FERC 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-PEPL (TEXOK MAINLINE)-INSIDE FERC" means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Prices of Spot Gas Delivered to 
Pipelines ($/MMBtu): Panhandle Eastern Pipe Line Co.: Texas, Oklahoma (mainline): Index" in the 
issue of Inside FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  First publication date of Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Index 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  Inside FERC 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 


18E-15 
 
Strike Price Listing Provisions:  A minimum of 10 Strike Prices in increments of $0.25 per MMBtu above and 
below the at-the-money Strike Price.  Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements.  
User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.001 increments.


18E-16 
 
Rule 18.E.007 Option on Socal Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the Socal Fixed Price Future. 
Contract Symbol:  OPS 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 60 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  At the end of the Trading Session on the last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of 
the Contract Period 
 Option Style:  European 
Exercise Method:  Automatic Only 
Exercise Procedure:  Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted 
Exercise Day:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions:  Options which are "in the money", with respect to Reference Price A, exercise 
automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the Strike Price. 
Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically.   
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-CALIFORNIA (SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA BDR. AVG.)-NGI 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-CALIFORNIA (SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA BDR. AVG.)-NGI " 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas 
for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Spot Gas 
Prices: California: Southern Cal. Border Avg.: avg." in the issue of NGI's Bidweek Survey that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  First publication date of Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Average 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NGI 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 


18E-17 
 
Strike Price Listing Provisions:  A minimum of 10 Strike Prices in increments of $0.25 per MMBtu above and 
below the at-the-money Strike Price.  Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements.  
User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.001 increments.
 


18E-18 
 
Rule 18.E.008 Calendar Spread Option on Henry Penultimate 1-Month Calendar Spread Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the Henry Penultimate 1-
Month Calendar Spread Future. 
Contract Symbol:  HHM 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Contract Series:  Up to 72 consecutive monthly Contract Periods 
Last Trading Day:  At 2:30pm EPT on the fourth Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract 
Period 
Option Style:  European 
Exercise Method:  Automatic Only 
Exercise Procedure:  Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted 
Exercise Day:  The Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions:  Options which are "in the money", with respect to Reference Price A minus 
Reference Price B, exercise automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the 
Strike Price. 
Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  One Business Day prior to the last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub 
Natural Gas Futures Contract for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 


18E-19 
 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  One Business Day prior to the last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub 
Natural Gas Futures Contract for the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Second Nearby Month 
Strike Price Listing Provisions:  A minimum of 10 Strike Prices in increments of $0.25 per MMBtu above and 
below the at-the-money Strike Price.  Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements.  
User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.001 increments.


18E-20 
 
Rule 18.E.009 Calendar Spread Option on Henry Penultimate 3-Month Calendar Spread Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the Henry Penultimate 3-
Month Calendar Spread Future. 
Contract Symbol:  HMT 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Contract Series:  Up to 72 consecutive monthly Contract Periods 
Last Trading Day:  At 2:30pm EPT on the fourth Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract 
Period 
Option Style:  European 
Exercise Method:  Automatic Only 
Exercise Procedure:  Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted 
Exercise Day:  The Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions:  Options which are "in the money", with respect to Reference Price A minus 
Reference Price B, exercise automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the 
Strike Price. 
Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  One Business Day prior to the last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub 
Natural Gas Futures Contract for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 


18E-21 
 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  One Business Day prior to the last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub 
Natural Gas Futures Contract for the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Fourth Nearby Month 
Strike Price Listing Provisions:  A minimum of 10 Strike Prices in increments of $0.25 per MMBtu above and 
below the at-the-money Strike Price.  Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements.  
User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.001 increments.


18E-22 
 
Rule 18.E.010 Calendar Spread Option on Henry Penultimate 6-Month Calendar Spread Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the Henry Penultimate 6-
Month Calendar Spread Future. 
Contract Symbol:  HMX 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Contract Series:  Up to 72 consecutive monthly Contract Periods 
Last Trading Day:  At 2:30pm EPT on the fourth Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract 
Period 
Option Style:  European 
Exercise Method:  Automatic Only 
Exercise Procedure:  Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted 
Exercise Day:  The Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions:  Options which are "in the money", with respect to Reference Price A minus 
Reference Price B, exercise automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the 
Strike Price. 
Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  One Business Day prior to the last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub 
Natural Gas Futures Contract for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 


18E-23 
 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  One Business Day prior to the last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub 
Natural Gas Futures Contract for the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Seventh Nearby Month 
Strike Price Listing Provisions:  A minimum of 10 Strike Prices in increments of $0.25 per MMBtu above and 
below the at-the-money Strike Price.  Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements.  
User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.001 increments.
 


18E-24 
 
Rule 18.E.011 Calendar Year One Time Option on Henry Calendar Year One Time Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  An Option on a basket of yearly Contract Periods, January-December, of the Underlying 
Futures Contract.  For purposes of this Exchange Option, the term "One Time Option" shall mean that the Option 
will exercise into each of the Contract Periods of the Underlying Futures Contract in the basket using a single 
reference price, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol:  HHC 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 10 consecutive January - December yearly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by 
the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  At 2:30pm EPT on the sixth Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the first Contract 
Period in the basket 
Option Style:  European 
Exercise Method:  Automatic Only 
Exercise Procedure:  Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted 
Exercise Day:  The Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions:  Options which are "in the money", with respect to the weighted average of the 
Reference Price A prices, will exercise automatically into twelve Underlying Futures Contracts, one for each 
contract month in the Contract Period, with a contract price equal to the Strike Price. The weighted average shall 
be determined by multiplying the Specified Price for each Delivery Date, as specified in Reference Price A, by its 
Weighting Factor to determine the weighted prices, summing the weighted prices, and then dividing that sum by 
the sum of the Weighting Factors. 
For purposes of this Exchange Option, the "Weighting Factor" shall mean a number equal to the number of 
calendar days in the Contract Period of the Underlying Futures Contract.  Each Contract Period in the basket will 
have its own Weighting Factor.  
If the option is "out of the money", then it expires automatically. 
 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a)   Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 


18E-25 
 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Three Business Days prior to the last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry 
Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract for the Contract Period in the basket 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement price 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  NYMEX 
e)   Delivery Date:  Each Contract Period in the basket 
Strike Price Listing Provisions:  A minimum of 10 Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 per MMBtu above and 
below the at-the-money Strike Price.  Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements.  
User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.001 increments.
 


18E-26 
 
Rule 18.E.012 Average Price Option on Ethane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Non-TET, Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly Average Price Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the Ethane, 
OPIS Mt. Belvieu Non-TET, Fixed Price Future. 
Contract Symbol:  ETE 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  1,000 barrels 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One thousandth of a cent ($0.00001) per 
gallon; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter  18.  
The conversion factor for this contract is 42 gallons = 1 barrel. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 36 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  At the end of the Trading Session on the last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Option Style:  Average Price 
Exercise Method:  Automatic Only 
Exercise Procedure:  Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted 
Exercise Day:  The Second Business Day follwing the Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions:  Options which are "in the money", with respect to the average of the Reference 
Price A prices, exercise automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the 
Strike Price.   
Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically.  
Reference Price A:  NGL-MONT BELVIEU PURITY ETHANE-OPIS 
a)   Description:  "NGL-MONT BELVIEU PURITY ETHANE-OPIS" means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day's Specified Price per gallon of ethane for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. cents, published under the heading "Mont Belvieu Spot Gas Liquids Prices: Purity Ethane: Any 
Current Month" in the issue of OPIS that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  OPIS 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 


18E-27 
 
Strike Price Listing Provisions:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $0.10 per gallon above and 
below the at-the-money Strike Price.  Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements.  
User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.0001 increments.


18E-28 
 
Rule 18.E.013 Average Price Option Natural Gasoline, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Non-TET, Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly Average Price Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the Natural 
Gasoline, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Non-TET, Fixed Price Future. 
Contract Symbol:  NGE 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  1,000 barrels 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One thousandth of a cent ($0.00001) per 
gallon; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter  18.  
The conversion factor for this contract is 42 gallons = 1 barrel. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 36 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  At the end of the Trading Session on the last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Option Style:  Average Price 
Exercise Method:  Automatic Only 
Exercise Procedure:  Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted 
Exercise Day:  The Second Business Day follwing the Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions:  Options which are "in the money", with respect to the average of the Reference 
Price A prices, exercise automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the 
Strike Price.   
Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically.  
Reference Price A:  NGL-MONT BELVIEU N. GASOLINE (NON-TET)-OPIS 
a)   Description:  "NGL-MONT BELVIEU N. GASOLINE (NON-TET)-OPIS" means that the price for 
a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per gallon of natural gasoline for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. cents, published under the heading "Mont Belvieu Spot Gas Liquids 
Prices: Non-TET  N. Gasoline: Any Current Month" in the issue of OPIS that reports prices effective 
on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  OPIS 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 


18E-29 
 
Strike Price Listing Provisions:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $0.10 per gallon above and 
below the at-the-money Strike Price.  Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements.  
User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.0001 increments.


18E-30 
 
Rule 18.E.014 Average Price Option on Normal Butane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Non-TET, Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly Average Price Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the Normal 
Butane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Non-TET, Fixed Price Future. 
Contract Symbol:  NBI 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  1,000 barrels 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One thousandth of a cent ($0.00001) per 
gallon; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter  18.  
The conversion factor for this contract is 42 gallons = 1 barrel. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 36 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  At the end of the Trading Session on the last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Option Style:  Average Price 
Exercise Method:  Automatic Only 
Exercise Procedure:  Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted 
Exercise Day:  The Second Business Day follwing the Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions:  Options which are "in the money", with respect to the average of the Reference 
Price A prices, exercise automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the 
Strike Price.   
Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically.  
Reference Price A:  NGL-MONT BELVIEU N. BUTANE (NON-TET)-OPIS 
a)   Description:  "NGL-MONT BELVIEU N. BUTANE (NON-TET)-OPIS" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per gallon of normal butane for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. cents, published under the heading "Mont Belvieu Spot Gas Liquids 
Prices: Non-TET N. Butane: Any Current Month" in the issue of OPIS that reports prices effective on 
that Pricing Date 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  OPIS 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 


18E-31 
 
Strike Price Listing Provisions:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $0.10 per gallon above and 
below the at-the-money Strike Price.  Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements.  
User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.0001 increments.


18E-32 
 
Rule 18.E.015 Average Price Option on Propane, OPIS Conway In-Well, Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly Average Price Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the Propane, 
OPIS Conway In-Well, Fixed Price Future. 
Contract Symbol:  PRC 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  1,000 barrels 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One thousandth of a cent ($0.00001) per 
gallon; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter  18.  
The conversion factor for this contract is 42 gallons = 1 barrel. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 36 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  At the end of the Trading Session on the last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Option Style:  Average Price 
Exercise Method:  Automatic Only 
Exercise Procedure:  Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted 
Exercise Day:  The Second Business Day follwing the Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions:  Options which are "in the money", with respect to the average of the Reference 
Price A prices, exercise automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the 
Strike Price.   
Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically.  
Reference Price A:  NGL-CONWAY PROPANE (IN-WELL)-OPIS 
a)   Description:  "NGL-CONWAY PROPANE (IN-WELL)-OPIS" means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day's Specified Price per gallon of propane for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated 
in U.S. cents, published under the heading "Conway In-Well Spot Gas Liquids Prices: Propane: Any 
Current Month" in the issue of OPIS that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  OPIS 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 


18E-33 
 
Strike Price Listing Provisions:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $0.10 per gallon above and 
below the at-the-money Strike Price.  Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements.  
User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.0001 increments.


18E-34 
 
Rule 18.E.016 Average Price Option on Propane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu TET, Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly Average Price Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the Propane, 
OPIS Mt. Belvieu TET, Fixed Price Future. 
Contract Symbol:  PRL 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  1,000 barrels 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One thousandth of a cent ($0.00001) per 
gallon; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter  18.  
The conversion factor for this contract is 42 gallons = 1 barrel. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 36 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  At the end of the Trading Session on the last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Option Style:  Average Price 
Exercise Method:  Automatic Only 
Exercise Procedure:  Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted 
Exercise Day:  The Second Business Day follwing the Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions:  Options which are "in the money", with respect to the average of the Reference 
Price A prices, exercise automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the 
Strike Price.   
Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically.  
Reference Price A:  NGL-MONT BELVIEU PROPANE (TET)-OPIS 
a)   Description:  "NGL-MONT BELVIEU PROPANE (TET)-OPIS" means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day's Specified Price per gallon of propane for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated 
in U.S. cents, published under the heading "Mont Belvieu Spot Gas Liquids Prices: TET Propane: 
Any Current Month" in the issue of OPIS that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  Average 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  OPIS 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 


18E-35 
 
Strike Price Listing Provisions:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $0.10 per gallon above and 
below the at-the-money Strike Price.  Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements.  
User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.0001 increments.
 


18E-36 
 
Rule 18.E.017 Option on CAISO SP-15 Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the CAISO SP-15 Day-Ahead 
Peak Fixed Price Future. 
Contract Symbol:  SPM 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  At 2:30pm EPT on the fifth Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract 
Period 
Option Style:  American 
Exercise Method:  Manual; Automatic on Last Trading Day 
Exercise Procedure:  Clearing Members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with Clearing Organization Rules. 
Exercise Day:  Manual on any Business Day, Automatic on Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions:  Options which are "in the money", with respect to Reference Price A, exercise 
automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the Strike Price.  
Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-CAISO-SP15-DAY AHEAD-PEAK MONTHLY-ICE 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-CAISO-SP15-DAY AHEAD-PEAK MONTHLY-ICE" means that 
the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity on ICE of the 
CAISO SP-15 Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Futures Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, as made public by ICE on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Five Business Days prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement Price 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ICE 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 


18E-37 
 
Strike Price Listing Provisions:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 per MWh above and 
below the at-the-money Strike Price.  Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements.  
User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments.


18E-38 
 
Rule 18.E.019 Option on ERCOT North 345KV Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the ERCOT North 345KV 
Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Future. 
Contract Symbol:  ERN 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  1MW  
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  At 2:30pm EPT on the second Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract 
Period 
Option Style:  American 
Exercise Method:  Manual; Automatic on Last Trading Day 
Exercise Procedure:  Clearing Members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with Clearing Organization Rules. 
Exercise Day:  Manual on any Business Day, Automatic on Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions:  Options which are "in the money", with respect to Reference Price A, exercise 
automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the Strike Price.  
Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH 345KV HUB-REAL TIME-PEAK MONTHLY-ICE 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH 345KV HUB-REAL TIME-PEAK MONTHLY-
ICE" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity 
on ICE of the ERCOT North 345KV Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Futures Contract for the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by ICE on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Two Business Days prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement Price 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ICE 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 


18E-39 
 
Strike Price Listing Provisions:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 per MWh above and 
below the at-the-money Strike Price.  Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements.  
User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments.


18E-40 
 
Rule 18.E.020 Option on ISO New England Massachusetts Hub Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the ISO New England 
Massachusetts Hub Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future. 
Contract Symbol:  NEP 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  At 2:30pm EPT on the second Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract 
Period 
Option Style:  American 
Exercise Method:  Manual; Automatic on Last Trading Day 
Exercise Procedure:  Clearing Members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with Clearing Organization Rules. 
Exercise Day:  Manual on any Business Day, Automatic on Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions:  Options which are "in the money", with respect to Reference Price A, exercise 
automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the Strike Price.  
Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-MASS HUB-DAY AHEAD-PEAK MONTHLY-
ICE 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-MASS HUB-DAY AHEAD-PEAK 
MONTHLY-ICE" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh 
of electricity on ICE of the ISO New England Massachusetts Hub Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price 
Futures Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by ICE on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Two Business Days prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement Price 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ICE 


18E-41 
 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Strike Price Listing Provisions:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 per MWh above and 
below the at-the-money Strike Price.  Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements.  
User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments.


18E-42 
 
Rule 18.E.021 Option on Mid-Columbia Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the Mid-Columbia Day-
Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future. 
Contract Symbol:  MDC 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  At 2:30pm EPT on the fifth Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract 
Period 
Option Style:  American 
Exercise Method:  Manual; Automatic on Last Trading Day 
Exercise Procedure:  Clearing Members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with Clearing Organization Rules. 
Exercise Day:  Manual on any Business Day, Automatic on Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions:  Options which are "in the money", with respect to Reference Price A, exercise 
automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the Strike Price.  
Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-MID C-DAY AHEAD-PEAK MONTHLY-ICE 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-MID C-DAY AHEAD-PEAK MONTHLY-ICE" means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity on ICE of the Mid-
Columbia Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Futures Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, 
as made public by ICE on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Five Business Days prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement Price 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ICE 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 


18E-43 
 
Strike Price Listing Provisions:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 per MWh above and 
below the at-the-money Strike Price.  Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements.  
User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments.


18E-44 
 
Rule 18.E.024 Option on MISO Indiana Hub Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the MISO Indiana Hub Real-
Time Peak Fixed Price Future. 
Contract Symbol:  CIN 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  At 2:30pm EPT on the second Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract 
Period 
Option Style:  American 
Exercise Method:  Manual; Automatic on Last Trading Day 
Exercise Procedure:  Clearing Members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with Clearing Organization Rules. 
Exercise Day:  Manual on any Business Day, Automatic on Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions:  Options which are "in the money", with respect to Reference Price A, exercise 
automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the Strike Price.  
Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-MISO-INDIANA HUB-REAL TIME-PEAK MONTHLY-ICE 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-MISO-INDIANA HUB-REAL TIME-PEAK MONTHLY-ICE" 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity on 
ICE of the MISO Indiana Hub Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Futures Contract for the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by ICE on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Two Business Days prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement Price 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ICE 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 


18E-45 
 
Strike Price Listing Provisions:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 per MWh above and 
below the at-the-money Strike Price.  Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements.  
User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments.


18E-46 
 
Rule 18.E.025 Option on PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak (800 MWh) Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the PJM Western Hub Real-
Time Peak Fixed Price Future. 
Contract Symbol:  PJM 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  800 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  At 2:30pm EPT on the second Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract 
Period 
Option Style:  American 
Exercise Method:  Manual; Automatic on Last Trading Day 
Exercise Procedure:  Clearing Members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with Clearing Organization Rules. 
Exercise Day:  Manual on any Business Day, Automatic on Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions:  Options which are "in the money", with respect to Reference Price A, exercise 
automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the Strike Price.  
Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-REAL TIME-PEAK MONTHLY-ICE 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-REAL TIME-PEAK MONTHLY-ICE" 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity on 
ICE of the PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Futures Contract for the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by ICE on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Two Business Days prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement Price 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ICE 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 


18E-47 
 
Strike Price Listing Provisions:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 per MWh above and 
below the at-the-money Strike Price.  Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements.  
User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments.


18E-48 
 
Rule 18.E.026 Option on PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak (1 MW) Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the PJM Western Hub Real-
Time Peak Mini Fixed Price Future. 
Contract Symbol:  PMI 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  At 2:30pm EPT on the second Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract 
Period 
Option Style:  American 
Exercise Method:  Manual; Automatic on Last Trading Day 
Exercise Procedure:  Clearing Members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with Clearing Organization Rules. 
Exercise Day:  Manual on any Business Day, Automatic on Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions:  Options which are "in the money", with respect to Reference Price A, exercise 
automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the Strike Price.  
Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-REAL TIME-PEAK MONTHLY-ICE 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-REAL TIME-PEAK MONTHLY-ICE" 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity on 
ICE of the PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak Mini Fixed Price Futures Contract for the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by ICE on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Two Business Days prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement Price 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ICE 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 


18E-49 
 
Strike Price Listing Provisions:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 per MWh above and 
below the at-the-money Strike Price.  Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements.  
User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments.
 


18E-50 
 
Rule 18.E.027 Option on PJM Western Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the PJM Western Hub Real-
Time Off-Peak Fixed Price Future. 
Contract Symbol:  OPJ 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  At 2:30pm EPT on the second Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract 
Period 
Option Style:  American 
Exercise Method:  Manual; Automatic on Last Trading Day 
Exercise Procedure:  Clearing Members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with Clearing Organization Rules 
Exercise Day:  Manual on any Business Day, Automatic on Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions:  Options which are "in the money", with respect to Reference Price A, exercise 
automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the Strike Price. 
Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-REAL TIME-OFFPEAK MONTHLY-ICE 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-REAL TIME-OFFPEAK MONTHLY-ICE" 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity on 
ICE of the PJM Western Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Fixed Price Futures contract for the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by ICE on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Two Business Days prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement Price 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ICE 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 


18E-51 
 
Strike Price Listing Provisions:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 per MWh above and 
below the at-the-money Strike Price.  Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements.  
User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments.
 


18E-52 
 
Rule 18.E.028 Option on CAISO SP-15 Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the CAISO SP-15 Day-Ahead 
Peak Daily Fixed Price Future. 
Contract Symbol:  SDP 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  400 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18.   
Listing Cycle:  Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, excluding Sundays and NERC Holidays, or as 
otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  At the end of the Trading Session on the last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Option Style:  European 
Exercise Method:  Automatic Only 
Exercise Procedure:  Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted 
Exercise Day:  For Contract Periods that fall on a Business Day, five Business Days following the Last Trading 
Day; for all other Contract Periods, four Business Days following the Last Trading Day. 
Automatic Exercise Provisions:  Options which are "in the money", with respect to the average of the Reference 
Price A prices, exercise automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the 
Strike Price.   
Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-CAISO-SP15-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-CAISO-SP15-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by the California ISO at 
http://oasis.caiso.com/mrtuoasis/?doframe=true&serverurl=http%3a%2f%2ffrptp09%2eoa%2ecaiso%
2ecom%3a8000&volume=OASIS, under the headings "Prices: Report: Reference Prices: P/APNode 
ID: SP15SLAK_5_N001"  that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  CAISO 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  CAISO 


18E-53 
 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Strike Price Listing Provisions:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 per MWh above and 
below the at-the-money Strike Price.  Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements.  
User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments.


18E-54 
 
Rule 18.E.029 Option on ERCOT North 345 KV Hub Real-Time Peak Daily Look Back Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the ERCOT North 345 KV Hub 
Real-Time Peak Daily Look Back Fixed Price Future. 
Contract Symbol:  ENO 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  800 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18.   
Listing Cycle:  Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, excluding Saturdays, Sundays and NERC 
Holidays, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  For Monday through Friday Contract Periods, excluding NERC holidays, if the following 
calendar day is a Business Day, the Business Day following the Contract Period with a closing time of 11:00pm 
EPT the night before; If the following calendar day is not a Business Day, the Business Day equal to the Contract 
Period with a closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session; 
For each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday Contract Period, the last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
with a closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session. 
Option Style:  European 
Exercise Method:  Automatic Only 
Exercise Procedure:  Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted 
Exercise Day:  For Contract Periods that fall on a Business Day where the following calendar day is also a 
Business Day, four Business Days following the Last Trading Day; for all other Contract Periods, five Business 
Days following the Last Trading Day. 
Automatic Exercise Provisions:  Options which are "in the money", with respect to the average of the Reference 
Price A prices, exercise automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the 
Strike Price.   
Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH 345KV HUB-REAL TIME 
a)   Description:  “ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH 345KV HUB-REAL TIME” means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at 
http://www.ercot.com/mktinfo/prices/, under the heading "Market Information: Market Prices" that 


18E-55 
 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  ERCOT 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ERCOT 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Strike Price Listing Provisions:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 per MWh above and 
below the at-the-money Strike Price.  Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements.  
User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments.


18E-56 
 
Rule 18.E.030 Option on ISO New England Massachusetts Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the ISO New England 
Massachusetts Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future. 
Contract Symbol:  EDP 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  800 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18.   
Listing Cycle:  Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, excluding Saturdays, Sundays and NERC 
Holidays, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  At the end of the Trading Session on the last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Option Style:  European 
Exercise Method:  Automatic Only 
Exercise Procedure:  Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted 
Exercise Day:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions:  Options which are "in the money", with respect to the average of the Reference 
Price A prices, exercise automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the 
Strike Price.   
Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-MASS HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-MASS HUB-DAY AHEAD" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ISO New England at http://www.iso-
ne.com/markets, under the headings "Hourly Data: Selectable Hourly LMP Data: 
4000_:_.H.INTERNAL_HUB: Start Date/End Date: LMP prices for Day-ahead and Real-time: Day 
Ahead LMP" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  ISO New England 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ISO New England 


18E-57 
 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Strike Price Listing Provisions:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 per MWh above and 
below the at-the-money Strike Price.  Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements.  
User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments.


18E-58 
 
Rule 18.E.031 Option on Mid-Columbia Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the Mid-Columbia Day-Ahead 
Peak Daily Fixed Price Future. 
Contract Symbol:  MPD 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  400 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18.   
Listing Cycle:  Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, excluding Sundays and NERC Holidays, or as 
otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  At the end of the Trading Session on the last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Option Style:  European 
Exercise Method:  Automatic Only 
Exercise Procedure:  Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted 
Exercise Day:  For Contract Periods that fall on a Business Day, two Business Days following the Last Trading 
Day; for all other Contract Periods, one Business Days following the Last Trading Day. 
Automatic Exercise Provisions:  Options which are "in the money", with respect to the average of the Reference 
Price A prices, exercise automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the 
Strike Price.   
Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-MID C PEAK-ICE 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-MID C PEAK-ICE" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be 
that day's Specified Price per MWh of on-peak electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by ICE at www.theice.com, under the headings "Market Data: Indices: 
Market: ICE OTC: Report: North American Power: Hub: Mid C Peak" or any successor headings, 
that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  ICE 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ICE 


18E-59 
 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Strike Price Listing Provisions:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 per MWh above and 
below the at-the-money Strike Price.  Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements.  
User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments.


18E-60 
 
Rule 18.E.032 Option on MISO Indiana Hub Real-Time Peak Daily Look Back Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the MISO Indiana Hub Real-
Time Peak Daily Look Back Fixed Price Future. 
Contract Symbol:  IDO 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  800 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18.   
Listing Cycle:  Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, excluding Saturdays, Sundays and NERC 
Holidays, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  For Monday through Friday Contract Periods, excluding NERC holidays, if the following 
calendar day is a Business Day, the Business Day following the Contract Period with a closing time of 11:00pm 
EPT the night before; If the following calendar day is not a Business Day, the Business Day equal to the Contract 
Period with a closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session; 
For each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday Contract Period, the last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
with a closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session. 
Option Style:  European 
Exercise Method:  Automatic Only 
Exercise Procedure:  Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted 
Exercise Day:  For Contract Periods that fall on a Business Day where the following calendar day is also a 
Business Day, five Business Days following the Last Trading Day; for all other Contract Periods, six Business 
Days following the Last Trading Day. 
Automatic Exercise Provisions:  Options which are "in the money", with respect to the average of the Reference 
Price A prices, exercise automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the 
Strike Price.   
Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-MISO-INDIANA HUB-REAL TIME 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-MISO-INDIANA HUB-REAL TIME" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the MISO at 
https://www.midwestiso.org/Library/MarketReports/Pages/MarketReports.aspx, under the headings 


18E-61 
 
"Library: Market Reports" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing 
Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  MISO 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  MISO 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Strike Price Listing Provisions:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 per MWh above and 
below the at-the-money Strike Price.  Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements.  
User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments.


18E-62 
 
Rule 18.E.033 Option on PJM AEP Dayton Hub Real-Time Peak Daily Look Back Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the PJM AEP Dayton Hub Real-
Time Peak Daily Look Back Fixed Price Future. 
Contract Symbol:  DDO 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  800 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18.   
Listing Cycle:  Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, excluding Saturdays, Sundays and NERC 
Holidays, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  For Monday through Friday Contract Periods, excluding NERC holidays, if the following 
calendar day is a Business Day, the Business Day following the Contract Period with a closing time of 11:00pm 
EPT the night before; If the following calendar day is not a Business Day, the Business Day equal to the Contract 
Period with a closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session; 
For each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday Contract Period, the last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
with a closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session. 
Option Style:  European 
Exercise Method:  Automatic Only 
Exercise Procedure:  Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted 
Exercise Day:  For Contract Periods that fall on a Business Day where the following calendar day is also a 
Business Day, the Business Day equal to the Last Trading Day; for all other Contract Periods, one Business Day 
following the Last Trading Day. 
Automatic Exercise Provisions:  Options which are "in the money", with respect to the average of the Reference 
Price A prices, exercise automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the 
Strike Price.   
Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-AEP/DAYTON HUB-REAL TIME 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY PJM-AEP DAYTON HUB-REAL TIME" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-
operations/energy/real-time/lmp.aspx, under the headings "Daily Real-Time LMP Files:  AEP-


18E-63 
 
DAYTON HUB" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  PJM 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Strike Price Listing Provisions:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 per MWh above and 
below the at-the-money Strike Price.  Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements.  
User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments.


18E-64 
 
Rule 18.E.034 Option on PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak Daily Look Back Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the PJM Western Hub Real-
Time Peak Daily Look Back Fixed Price Future. 
Contract Symbol:  PDQ 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  800 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18.   
Listing Cycle:  Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, excluding Saturdays, Sundays and NERC 
Holidays, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  For Monday through Friday Contract Periods, excluding NERC holidays, if the following 
calendar day is a Business Day, the Business Day following the Contract Period with a closing time of 11:00pm 
EPT the night before; If the following calendar day is not a Business Day, the Business Day equal to the Contract 
Period with a closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session; 
For each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday Contract Period, the last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
with a closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session. 
Option Style:  European 
Exercise Method:  Automatic Only 
Exercise Procedure:  Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted 
Exercise Day:  For Contract Periods that fall on a Business Day where the following calendar day is also a 
Business Day, the Business Day equal to the Contract Period with a closing time equal to the end of the Trading 
Session; for all other Contract Periods, one Business Day following the Last Trading Day. 
Automatic Exercise Provisions:  Options which are "in the money", with respect to the average of the Reference 
Price A prices, exercise automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the 
Strike Price.   
Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-REAL TIME 
a)   Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-REAL TIME" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets/energy-
market/real-time.html, under the headings "Daily Real-Time LMP: Daily Real-Time Locational 


18E-65 
 
Marginal Pricing Files: WESTERN HUB" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on 
that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)   Specified Price:  PJM 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  PJM 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Strike Price Listing Provisions:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 per MWh above and 
below the at-the-money Strike Price.  Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements.  
User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments. 
Rule 18.E.036 Reserved 
Rule 18.E.037 Reserved 
Rule 18.E.038 Reserved


18E-66 
 
Rule 18.E.040 Option on California Carbon Allowance Future 
Contract Description:  An Option on the corresponding month of the California Carbon Allowance Future. 
Contract Symbol:  Vintage 2017: CAP, Vintage 2018: CAW   
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  1 California Carbon Allowance Futures Contract 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be one tenth of one cent ($0.001) per 
California Carbon Allowance; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type.  Please see Table in Resolution 
1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar month it 
determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years. 
 
2. The Standard Cycle is:  January, February, March, April, May,  June, July, August, September, 
October, November and December   
 
Strike Price Intervals:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $0.05 above and below the at-the-
money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements.  User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments. 
Last Trading Day:  At 4:00pm EPT on the 15th calendar day of the delivery month. Where the 15th calendar day 
is not a Business Day, the Last Trading Day shall be the first Business Day following the 15th calendar day of the 
delivery month.  
Option Style:  European  
Exercise Method:  Automatic 
Exercise Procedure:  Clearing Members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with the Clearing Organization rules 
Exercise Time:  5:30 pm EPT on the Last Trading Day 


18E-67 
 
Rule 18.E.041 Option on Carbon Financial Instrument, United States, Future 
 
Contract Description:  An Option on the corresponding month of the Carbon Financial Instrument, United 
States, Future.  
Contract Symbol:  CFS     
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  1 Carbon Financial Instrument, United States, Futures Contract 
Currency:  USD  
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per metric ton; 
minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type.  Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar month it 
determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years. 
 
2. The Standard Cycle is:  January, February, March, April, May,  June, July, August, September, 
October, November and December   
 
Strike Price Intervals:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 above and below the at-the-
money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements.  User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $1.00 increments. 
 Last Trading Day:  At 4:00pm EPT on the 15th calendar day of the delivery month. Where the 15th calendar 
day is not a Business Day, the Last Trading Day shall be the first Business Day following the 15th calendar day of 
the delivery month.  
Option Style:  European  
Exercise Method:  Automatic 
Exercise Procedure:  Clearing Members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with the Clearing Organization rules 
Exercise Time:  5:30 pm EPT on the Last Trading Day 


18E-68 
 
Rule 18.E.042 Option on Climate Action Reserve Future 
Contract Description:  An Option on the corresponding month of the Climate Action Reserve Future.  
Contract Symbol:  CCS    
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  1 Climate Action Reserve Futures Contract 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per allowance; 
minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type.  Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  1. Standard-cycle contract listings: a. Eight consecutive quarterly contracts on a March,   
 
June, September and December cycle; b. In addition, the Exchange may list annual  
 
 
December contracts for up to 5 consecutive years beyond the current year. 
 
 
2. The Exchange may list any other calendar month contract set off the standard-cycle  
 
 
listing schedule through the last expiring contract set. 
Strike Price Intervals:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $0.25 above and below the at-the-
money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements.  User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.25 increments. 
Last Trading Day:  At 4:00pm EPT on the 15th calendar day of the delivery month. Where the 15th calendar day 
is not a Business Day, the Last Trading Day shall be the first Business Day following the 15th calendar day of the 
delivery month. 
Option Style:  European  
Exercise Method:  Automatic 
Exercise Procedure:  Clearing Members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with the Clearing Organization rules 
Exercise Time:  5:30 pm EPT on the Last Trading Day 


18E-69 
 
Rule 18.E.043 Option on Cross State Air Pollution Rule TR NOx Annual Allowance Future 
Contract Description:  An Option on the corresponding month of the U.S. EPA Cross State Air Pollution Rule 
NOx Annual Allowance Future. 
Contract Symbol:  NAK     
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  1 Cross State Air Pollution Rule TR NOx Annual Allowance Futures 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per allowance; 
minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type.  Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar month it 
determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years. 
 
2. The Standard Cycle is:  January, February, March, April, May,  June, July, August, September, 
October, November and December   
 
Strike Price Intervals:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $5.00 above and below the at-the-
money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements.  User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $5.00 increments. 
Last Trading Day:  At 4:00pm EPT on the 15th calendar day of the delivery month. Where the 15th calendar day 
is not a Business Day, the Last Trading Day shall be the first Business Day following the 15th calendar day of the 
delivery month. 
Option Style:  European  
Exercise Method:  Automatic 
Exercise Procedure:  Clearing Members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with the Clearing Organization rules 
Exercise Time:  5:30 pm EPT on the Last Trading Day 


18E-70 
 
Rule 18.E.044 Option on Cross State Air Pollution Rule TR NOx Ozone Season Allowance Future 
Contract Description:  An Option on the corresponding month of the U.S. EPA Cross State Air Pollution Rule 
NOx Ozone Season Allowance Future. 
Contract Symbol:  NOK     
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  1 Cross State Air Pollution Rule TR NOx Ozone Season Allowance Futures 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per allowance; 
minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type.  Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar month it 
determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years. 
 
2. The Standard Cycle is:  January, February, March, April, May,  June, July, August, September, 
October, November and December   
 
Strike Price Intervals:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $5.00 above and below the at-the-
money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements.  User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $5.00 increments. 
Last Trading Day:  At 4:00pm EPT on the 15th calendar day of the delivery month. Where the 15th calendar day 
is not a Business Day, the Last Trading Day shall be the first Business Day following the 15th calendar day of the 
delivery month. 
Option Style:  European  
Exercise Method:  Automatic 
Exercise Procedure:  Clearing Members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with the Clearing Organization rules 
Exercise Time:  5:30 pm EPT on the Last Trading Day 


18E-71 
 
Rule 18.E.045 Option on Cross State Air Pollution Rule TR SO2 Group 1 Allowance Future 
Contract Description:  An Option on the corresponding month of the U.S. EPA Cross State Air Pollution Rule 
SO2 Group 1 Allowance Future. 
Contract Symbol:  SOK   
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  1 Cross State Air Pollution Rule TR SO2 Group 1 Allowance Futures 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per allowance; 
minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type.  Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar month it 
determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years. 
 
2. The Standard Cycle is:  January, February, March, April, May,  June, July, August, September, 
October, November and December   
 
Strike Price Intervals:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $5.00 above and below the at-the-
money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements.  User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $5.00 increments. 
Last Trading Day:  At 4:00pm EPT on the 15th calendar day of the delivery month. Where the 15th calendar day 
is not a Business Day, the Last Trading Day shall be the first Business Day following the 15th calendar day of the 
delivery month.  
Option Style:  European  
Exercise Method:  Automatic 
Exercise Procedure:  Clearing Members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with the Clearing Organization rules 
Exercise Time:  5:30 pm EPT on the Last Trading Day 


18E-72 
 
Rule 18.E.046 Option on Cross State Air Pollution Rule TR SO2 Group 2 Allowance Future 
Contract Description: An Option on the corresponding month of the U.S. EPA Cross State Air Pollution Rule 
SO2 Group 2 Allowance Future. 
Contract Symbol:  STK   
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  1 Cross State Air Pollution Rule TR SO2 Group 2 Futures 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per allowance; 
minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type.  Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar month it 
determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years. 
 
2. The Standard Cycle is:  January, February, March, April, May,  June, July, August, September, 
October, November and December   
 
Strike Price Intervals:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $5.00 above and below the at-the-
money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements.  User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $5.00 increments. 
Last Trading Day:  At 4:00pm EPT on the 15th calendar day of the delivery month. Where the 15th calendar day 
is not a Business Day, the Last Trading Day shall be the first Business Day following the 15th calendar day of the 
delivery month. 
Option Style:  European  
Exercise Method:  Automatic 
Exercise Procedure:  Clearing Members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with the Clearing Organization rules 
Exercise Time:  5:30 pm EPT on the Last Trading Day 


18E-73 
 
Rule 18.E.047 Option on Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative Future 
Contract Description: An Option on the corresponding month of the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative Future.  
Contract Symbol:   
Vintage 2020: RGS, Vintage 2021: RGT, Vintage 2022: RGU, Vintage 2023: RJ3 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  1 Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative Futures Contract 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per RGGI CO2 
Allowance; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type.  Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 
18. 
Listing Cycle:  1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar month it 
determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years. 
 
2. The Standard Cycle is:  January, February, March, April, May,  June, July, August, September, 
October, November and December   
 
Strike Price Intervals:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $0.05 above and below the at-the-
money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements.  User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments. 
Last Trading Day:  At 4:00pm EPT on the 15th calendar day of the delivery month. Where the 15th calendar day 
is not a Business Day, the Last Trading Day shall be the first Business Day following the 15th calendar day of the 
delivery month. 
Option Style:  European  
Exercise Method:  Automatic 
Exercise Procedure:  Clearing Members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with the Clearing Organization rules 
Exercise Time:  5:30 pm EPT on the Last Trading Day 


18E-74 
 
Rule 18.E.048 Option on Sulfur Financial Instrument Future 
Contract Description: An Option on the corresponding month of the Sulfur Financial Instrument Future.  
Contract Symbol:  Vintage 2009: SFH, Vintage 2010: SFI, Vintage 2011: SFJ, Vintage 2012: SFK, Vintage 
2013: SFL, Vintage 2014: SFM, Vintage 2015: SFN   
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  1 Sulfur Financial Instrument Futures Contract 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per allowance; 
minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type.  Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar month it 
determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years. 
 
2. The Standard Cycle is:  January, February, March, April, May,  June, July, August, September, 
October, November and December   
 
Strike Price Intervals:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $5.00 above and below the at-the-
money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements.  User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $5.00 increments. 
Last Trading Day:  At 4:00pm EPT on the 15th calendar day of the delivery month. Where the 15th calendar day 
is not a Business Day, the Last Trading Day shall be the first Business Day following the 15th calendar day of the 
delivery month. 
Option Style:  European  
Exercise Method:  Automatic 
Exercise Procedure:  Clearing Members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with the Clearing Organization rules 
Exercise Time:  5:30 pm EPT on the Last Trading Day 
 


18E-75 
 
Rule 18.E.049 Option on PJM AEP Dayton Hub Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the PJM AEP Dayton Hub 
Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Future. 
Contract Symbol:  MSO 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  1MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  At 2:30pm EPT on the second Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract 
Period 
Option Style:  American 
Exercise Method:  Manual; Automatic on Last Trading Day 
Exercise Procedure:  Clearing Members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with Clearing Organization Rules.  External link 
Exercise Day:  Manual on any Business Day, Automatic on Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions:  Options which are "in the money", with respect to Reference Price A, exercise 
automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the Strike Price.  
Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-AEP DAYTON HUB-REAL TIME-PEAK MONTHLY-ICE 
a)   Description:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-AEP DAYTON HUB-REAL TIME-PEAK MONTHLY-ICE 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity on 
ICE of the PJM AEP Dayton Hub Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Futures Contract for the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by ICE on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Two Business Days prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement Price 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ICE 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 


18E-76 
 
Strike Price Listing Provisions:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 per MWh above and 
below the at-the-money Strike Price.  Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements.  
User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments.
 


18E-77 
 
Rule 18.E.050 Option on PJM AEP Dayton Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the PJM AEP Dayton Hub 
Real-Time Off-Peak Fixed Price Future. 
Contract Symbol:  AOD 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  1MW  
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  At 2:30pm EPT on the second Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract 
Period 
Option Style:  American 
Exercise Method:  Manual; Automatic on Last Trading Day 
Exercise Procedure:  Clearing Members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with Clearing Organization Rules 
Exercise Day:  Manual on any Business Day, Automatic on Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions:  Options which are "in the money", with respect to Reference Price A, exercise 
automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the Strike Price. 
Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-AEP DAYTON HUB-REAL TIME-OFFPEAK MONTHLY-ICE 
a)   Description:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-AEP DAYTON HUB-REAL TIME-OFFPEAK MONTHLY-
ICE means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity 
on ICE of the PJM AEP Dayton Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Fixed Price Futures contract for the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by ICE on that Pricing Date. 
b)   Pricing Date:  Two Business Days prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
c)   Specified Price:  Settlement Price 
d)   Pricing Calendar:  ICE 
e)   Delivery Date:  Contract Period 


18E-78 
 
Strike Price Listing Provisions:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 per MWh above and 
below the at-the-money Strike Price.  Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements.  
User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments.
 
 


 
18.E.053  
Option on New Jersey Solar Renewable Energy Certificate Future 
 
Contract Description An option on the corresponding month and vintage of New Jersey Solar Renewable 
Energy Certificate Future. 
 
Contract Symbol:  
Vintage 2013: NJE 
Vintage 2014: NJF  
Vintage 2015: NJG 
 
Vintage 2016: NJH  
Vintage 2017: NJI 
Vintage 2018: NJJ 
 
Vintage 2019: NJK 
Vintage 2020: NJL 
 
Settlement Method 
Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
 
Contract Size  
1 New Jersey Solar Renewable Energy Certificate Contract 
 
Currency  
 
USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
 
Listing Cycle:  1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar month it 
determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years. 
 
2. The Standard Cycle is:  January, February, March, April, May,  June, July, August, September, 
October, November and December   
 
Strike Price Intervals  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 above and below the at-the-
money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $1.00 increments. 
 
Last Trading Day  
At 4:00pm EPT on the 15th calendar day of the delivery month. Where the 15th calendar 
day is not a Business Day, the Last Trading Day shall be the first Business Day following the 15th calendar day of 
the delivery month.  
 
Option Style   
European 
 
Exercise Method  
Automatic 
 
Exercise Procedure 
Clearing Members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with the Clearing Organization rules 
 
Exercise Time  
5:30 pm EPT on the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
MIC Code 
 
IFUS 
 
Clearing Venue 
ICEU 
 


 
18.E.054  
Reserved 
 
18.E.055  
Reserved 
 
18.E.056  
Reserved 
 
18.E.057  
Reserved 
 
18.E.058  
Reserved 
 
18.E.059 Option on Cross State Air Pollution Rule TR NOx Annual Allowance Future - Vintage 2015 and 
After 
Contract Description:  An Option on the corresponding month of the U.S. EPA Cross State Air Pollution Rule 
NOx Annual Allowance Future. 
Contract Symbol:  NAL: Vintage 2015, NAN: Vintage 2016 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  1 Cross State Air Pollution Rule TR NOx Annual Allowance Futures 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per metric ton; 
minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar month it 
determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years. 
 
2. The Standard Cycle is:  January, February, March, April, May,  June, July, August, September, 
October, November and December   
 
Strike Price Intervals:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $5.00 above and below the at-the-
money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $5.00 increments. 
Last Trading Day:  At 4:00pm EPT on the 15th calendar day of the delivery month. Where the 15th calendar day 
is not a Business Day, the Last Trading Day shall be the first Business Day following the 15th calendar day of the 
delivery month. 
Option Style:  European 
Exercise Method:  Automatic 
Exercise Procedure:  Clearing Members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with the Clearing Organization rules 
Exercise Time:  5:30 pm EPT on the Last Trading Day 


 
18.E.060 Option on Cross State Air Pollution Rule TR NOx Ozone Season Allowance Future - Vintage 2015 
and After 
Contract Description:  An Option on the corresponding month of the U.S. EPA Cross State Air Pollution Rule 
NOx Ozone Season Allowance Future. 
Contract Symbol:  NON: Vintage 2015, NOO: Vintage 2016 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  1 Cross State Air Pollution Rule TR NOx Ozone Season Allowance Futures 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per metric ton; 
minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar month it 
determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years. 
 
2. The Standard Cycle is:  January, February, March, April, May,  June, July, August, September, 
October, November and December   
 
Strike Price Intervals:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $5.00 above and below the at-the-
money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $5.00 increments. 
Last Trading Day:  At 4:00pm EPT on the 15th calendar day of the delivery month. Where the 15th calendar day 
is not a Business Day, the Last Trading Day shall be the first Business Day following the 15th calendar day of the 
delivery month. 
Option Style:  European 
Exercise Method:  Automatic 
Exercise Procedure:  Clearing Members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with the Clearing Organization rules 
Exercise Time:  5:30 pm EPT on the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
18.E.061 Option on Cross State Air Pollution Rule TR SO2 Group 1 Allowance Future - Vintage 2015 and 
After 
Contract Description:  An Option on the corresponding month of the U.S. EPA Cross State Air Pollution Rule 
SO2 Group 1 Allowance Future. 
Contract Symbol:  SOM: Vintage 2015, SOP: Vintage 2016 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  1 Cross State Air Pollution Rule TR SO2 Group 1 Allowance Futures 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per metric ton; 
minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar month it 
determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years. 
 
2. The Standard Cycle is:  January, February, March, April, May,  June, July, August, September, 
October, November and December   
 
Strike Price Intervals:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $5.00 above and below the at-the-
money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $5.00 increments. 
Last Trading Day:  At 4:00pm EPT on the 15th calendar day of the delivery month. Where the 15th calendar day 
is not a Business Day, the Last Trading Day shall be the first Business Day following the 15th calendar day of the 
delivery month. 
Option Style:  European 
Exercise Method:  Automatic 
Exercise Procedure:  Clearing Members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with the Clearing Organization rules 
Exercise Time:  5:30 pm EPT on the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 
 


 
18.E.062 Reserved 
18.E.063 Option on Henry Penultimate Fixed Price Future 25K 
Contract Description:  A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the Henry Penultimate Fixed 
Price Future 25K 
Contract Symbol:  HHP 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  25,000 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 84 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Last Trading Day:  At 2:30pm EPT on the fourth Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract 
Period 
Option Style:  European 
Exercise Method:  Automatic Only 
Exercise Procedure:  Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted 
Exercise Day:  The Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions:  Options which are "in the money", with respect to Reference Price A, exercise 
automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the Strike Price.  
Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date 
 
b) Pricing Date:  One Business Day prior to the last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub 
Natural Gas Futures Contract for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price:  Settlement Price 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  NYMEX 


 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
 
Strike Price Listing:  A minimum of 10 Strike Prices in increments of $0.25 per MMBtu above and below the at-
the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.01 increments 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
18.E.064 Option on PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak 50 MW Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the PJM Western Hub Real-
Time Peak 50 MW Fixed Price Future 
Contract Symbol:  PMJ 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  50 MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day:  At 2:30 pm EPT on the second Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract 
Period 
Option Style:  American 
Exercise Method:  Manual; Automatic on Last Trading Day 
Exercise Procedure:  Clearing members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with Clearing Organization Rules 
Exercise Day:  Manual on any Business Day, Automatic on Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions:  Options which are “in the money”, with respect to Reference Price A price, 
exercise automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the Strike Price. 
Options which are “out of the money” expire automatically 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-REAL TIME-PEAK MONTHLY-ICE 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-REAL TIME-PEAK MONTHLY-ICE" means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity on ICE of the 
PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Swap Futures Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, as made public by ICE on that Pricing Date 
b) Pricing Date:  Two Business Days prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
c) Specified Price:  Settlement Price 
d) Pricing calendar:  ICE 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 


 
Strike Price Listing:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 per MWh above and below the at-
the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-Defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments. 
 
 
 


 
18.E.065 Option on ERCOT North 345KV Day-Ahead Peak Daily 80 MWh Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the ERCOT North 345 KV Hub 
Day-Ahead Peak Daily 80 MWh  Fixed Price Future. 
Contract Symbol:  NDB 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  80 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, excluding Saturdays, Sundays and NERC 
Holidays, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  At the end of the Trading Session on the last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Option Style:  European 
Exercise Method:  Automatic Only 
Exercise Procedure:  Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted 
Exercise Day:  The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions:  Options which are "in the money", with respect to the average of the Reference 
Price A prices, exercise automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the 
Strike Price. Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH 345KV HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH 345KV DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/dam_spp 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 CPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  ERCOT 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Strike Price Listing:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 per MWh above and below the at-
the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments 


 
18.E.066 Option on PJM Western Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the PJM Western Hub Day-
Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Symbol:  PDA 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  800 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 73 consecutive daily Contract Periods, excluding Saturdays, Sundays and NERC Holidays, 
or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day:  At the end of the Trading Session on the last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Option Style:  European 
Exercise Method:  Automatic Only 
Exercise Procedure:  Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted 
Exercise Day:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions:  Options which are "in the money", with respect to the average of the Reference 
Price A prices, exercise automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the 
Strike Price. Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  “ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for   a 
Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per MWh of electricity for  Delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published  by the PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets/energy-market/day-
ahead.html, under the  Headings “Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing(LMP): LMP Day-Ahead 
Data: WESTERN HUB” or any successor headings, that reports Prices effective on the Pricing Date 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  PJM 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 


 
Strike Price Listing:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 per MWh above and below the at-
the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.25 increments 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 


 
18.E.067 
Option on California Carbon Allowance Future - Vintage 2019 and After 
Contract Description:  An Option on the corresponding month of the California Carbon Allowance Future. 
Contract Symbol:  CAX: Vintage 2019, CAY: Vintage 2020, CAZ: Vintage 2021, CB0: Vintage 2022, CBl: 
Vintage 2023 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  1 California Carbon Allowance Futures Contract 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be one tenth of one cent ($0.001) per 
Allowance; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 
18. 
Listing Cycle:  1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar month it 
determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years. 
 
2. The Standard Cycle is:  January, February, March, April, May,  June, July, August, September, 
October, November and December   
 
Strike Price Intervals:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $0.05 above and below the at-the-
money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments 
Last Trading Day:  At 4:00 pm EPT on the 15th calendar day of the delivery month. Where the 15th calendar 
day is not a Business Day, the Last Trading Day shall be the first Business Day following the 15th calendar day of 
the delivery month. 
Option Style:  European  
Exercise Method:  Automatic 
Exercise Procedure:  Clearing Members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with the Clearing Organization rules 
Exercise Time:  5:30 pm EPT on the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 
 


 
18.E.068 Calendar Spread Option on Henry Penultimate 4-Month Calendar Spread Future 
 
Contract Description:  A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the Henry Penultimate 4-
Month Calendar Spread Future 
Contract Symbol:  HHR 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 72 consecutive monthly Contract Period, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Last Trading Day:  At 2:30pm EPT on the fourth Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract 
Period 
Option Style:  European 
Exercise Method:  Automatic only 
Exercise Procedure:  Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted 
Exercise Day:  The Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions:  Options which are "in the money", with respect to Reference Price A minus 
Reference Price B, exercise automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the 
Strike Price. Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  One Business Day prior to the last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub 
Natural Gas Futures Contract for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Settlement Price 
d) Pricing calendar:  NYMEX 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 


 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  One Business Day prior to the last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub 
Natural Gas Futures Contract for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Settlement Price 
d) Pricing calendar:  NYMEX 
e) Delivery Date:  Fifth Nearby Month 
Strike Price Listing:  A minimum of 10 Strike Prices in increments of $0.25 per MMBtu above and below the at-
the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.001 increments. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
18.E.069 Calendar Spread Option on Henry Penultimate 5-Month Calendar Spread Future 
 
Contract Description:  A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the Henry Penultimate 5-
Month Calendar Spread Future 
Contract Symbol:  HHV 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  2500 MMBtus 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 72 consecutive monthly Contract Period, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Last Trading Day:  At 2:30pm EPT on the fourth Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract 
Period 
Option Style:  European 
Exercise Method:  Automatic only 
Exercise Procedure:  Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted 
Exercise Day:  The Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions:  Options which are "in the money", with respect to Reference Price A minus 
Reference Price B, exercise automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the 
Strike Price. Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
Reference Price A:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  One Business Day prior to the last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub 
Natural Gas Futures Contract for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Settlement Price 
d) Pricing calendar:  NYMEX 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Reference Price B:  NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a) Description:  "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 


 
b) Pricing Date:  One Business Day prior to the last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub 
Natural Gas Futures Contract for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Settlement Price 
d) Pricing calendar:  NYMEX 
e) Delivery Date:  Sixth Nearby Month 
Strike Price Listing:  A minimum of 10 Strike Prices in increments of $0.25 per MMBtu above and below the at-
the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.001 increments. 
 
 
 
 
 


 
18.E.070 Calendar One Time Option on PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak Calendar Year One Time  
Mini Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  An Option on a basket of yearly Contract Periods, January-December, of the Underlying 
Future Contract. For purposes of this Exchange Option, the term “One Time Option” shall mean that the Option 
will exercise into each of the Contract Periods of the Underlying Futures Contract in the basket using a single 
reference price, as defined in Reference Price A 
Contract Symbol:  PMM 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 4 consecutive January-December yearly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by 
the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day:  At 2:30pm EPT on the second Friday prior to the first calendar day of the first Contract 
Period in the basket 
Option Style:  European 
Exercise Method:  Automatic with manual exercise allowed on Exercise Day 
Exercise Procedure:  Clearing members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with Clearing Organization Rules 
Exercise Day:  Automatic on Last Trading Day; manual allowed on Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions:  At Exercise Time, options which are “in the money”, with respect to the 
weighted average of the Reference Price A prices, will exercise automatically into twelve Underlying Futures 
Contracts, one for each contract month in the Contract period, with a contract price equal to the Strike Price. The 
weighted average shall be determined by multiplying the Specified Price for each Delivery Date, as specified in 
Reference Price A, by its Weighting Factor to determine the weighted prices, and then dividing that sum by the 
sum of the Weighting Factors. For purposes of this Exchange Option, the “Weighting Factor” shall mean a 
number equal to the number of Pricing Days in the Contract Period of the Underlying Futures Contract. Each 
Contract Period in the basket will have its own Weighting Factor. If the option is “out of the money”, then it 
expires automatically 
 
 
 


 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-REAL TIME-PEAK MONTHLY-ICE 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-REAL TIME-PEAK MONTHLY-ICE" means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity on ICE of the 
PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Swap Futures Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, as made public by ICE on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Second to Last Friday in December preceding the Contract Period 
c) Specified Price:  Settlement Price 
d) Pricing calendar:  ICE 
e) Delivery Date:  Each Contract Period in the basket 
Strike Price Listing:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 per MWh above and below the at-
the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-Defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
18.E.071 Option on PJM Western Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description:  A daily Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the PJM Western Hub Real-
Time Off-Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Contract Symbol:  OD8 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  50 MWh 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day:  At 11:59pm EPT on the business day following the Contract Period 
Option Style:  European 
Exercise Method:  Automatic only 
Exercise Procedure:  Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted 
Exercise Day:  The Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions:  Options which are “in the money”, with respect to the average of the Reference 
Price A prices, will exercise automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the 
Strike Price. Options which are “out of the money” expire automatically. 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-REAL TIME 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-REAL TIME” means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy.aspx  under 
the headings “Real-Time Energy Market Hourly LMP Files” or any successor headings, that report prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0100-0700, 2400 EPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  PJM 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period  


 
Strike Price Listing:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 per MWh above and below the at-
the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-Defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments. 
 
 
 


 
18.E.072 Option on California Carbon Allowance Vintage Specific Future 
Contract Description:  An Option on the corresponding month of the California Carbon Allowance Vintage 
Specific Future. 
Contract Symbol:  CC0: Vintage 2020; CC1: Vintage 2021; CC2 Vintage 2022, CC3 : Vintage 2023 
Trading Screen Product Name:  CCA Futures 
Trading Screen Hub Name:  CC7: CCAS V17, CC8: CCAS V18, CC9: CCAS V19 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  1 California Carbon Allowance Futures Contract 
 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be one tenth of one cent ($0.001) per 
California Carbon Allowance; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 
1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar month it 
determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years. 
 
2. The Standard Cycle is:  January, February, March, April, May,  June, July, August, September, 
October, November and December   
 
Strike Price Listing:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $0.05 above and below the at-the-money 
Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined Strike 
Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments. 
Last Trading Day:  At 4:00pm EPT on the 15th calendar day of the delivery month. Where the 15th calendar day 
is not a Business Day, the Last Trading Day shall be the first Business Day following the 15th calendar day of the 
delivery month. 
Option Style:  European 
Exercise Method:  Automatic 
Exercise Procedure:  Clearing Members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with the Clearing Organization rules 
Exercise Time:  5:30 pm EPT on the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
18.E.073 Option on PJM Tri-Qualified Renewable Energy Certificate Class 1 Vintage Future 
Contract Description:  An Option on the corresponding month and vintage of the PJM Tri-qualified renewable 
energy certificate future. 
Contract Symbol: 
TQC Vintage 2017, TQD Vintage 2018, TQE Vintage 2019,  
TQF Vintage 2020, TQG Vintage 2021, TQH Vintage 2022,  
TQI Vintage 2023 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  1 PJM Tri-Qualified Renewable Energy Certificates Class 1 Vintage Futures Contract 
Currency:  USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: 1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar month it 
determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years. 
2. The Standard Cycle is:  January, February, March, April, May,  June, July, August, September, 
October, November and December. 
Strike Price Intervals:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $0.25 above and below the at-the-
money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.25 increments. 
Last Trading Day:  At 4:00 pm EPT on the 15th calendar day of the delivery month. Where the 15th calendar 
day is not a Business Day, the Last Trading Day shall be the first Business Day following the 15th calendar day of 
the delivery month. 
Option Style:  European 
Exercise Method:  Automatic 
Exercise Procedure:  Clearing Members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with the Clearing Organization rules 
Exercise Time:  5:30 pm EPT on the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 


 
18. E.074 Option on Ontario Carbon Allowance Vintage Future 
Contract Description:  An Option on the corresponding month of the Ontario Carbon Allowance Future. 
Contract Symbol:  OC7 Vintage 2017, OC8 Vintage 2018; OC9 Vintage 2019; OC0 Vintage 2020; OC1 Vintage 
2021 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  1 Ontario Carbon Allowance Future Contract 
Currency:  CAD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One tenth of one CAD cent ($0.001) per 
Carbon Emissions Allowances; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 
1 to this Chapter 18. 
Strike Price Intervals:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $0.05 above and below the at-the-
money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments. 
Listing Cycle: 1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar month it 
determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years. 
2. The Standard Cycle is:  January, February, March, April, May,  June, July, August, September, 
October, November and December   
Last Trading Day:  At 4:00pm EPT on the 15th calendar day of the delivery month. Where the 15th calendar day 
is not a Business Day, the Last Trading Day shall be the first Business Day following the 15th calendar day of the 
delivery month. 
Option Style:  European 
Exercise Procedure:  Clearing Members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with the Clearing Organization rules 
Exercise Time:  5:30 pm EPT on the Last Trading Day 
 
 


 
18.E.075  Option on NYISO Zone A Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
 
Description:  A daily Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the NYISO Zone A Day-Ahead Peak Daily 
Fixed Price Future. 
 
Contract Symbol:  ADP 
 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
 
Contract Size:  800 MWh 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange, 
excluding Saturdays, Sundays and NERC Holidays 
 
Last Trading Day:  At the end of the Trading Session on the last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
 
Options Style:  European 
 
Exercise Method:  Automatic Only 
 
Exercise Procedure:  Manual exercise or Abandon is not Permitted 
 
Exercise Day:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
Automatic Exercise Provisions:  Options which are “in the money”, with respect to the average of the Reference 
Price A prices, exercise automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the 
Strike Price. Options which are “out of the money” expire automatically. 
 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE A (WEST)-DAY AHEAD 
 
a) Description:  “ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE A (WEST)-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
which Specified Price will be the Specified Price for each hour during the Delivery Period, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by the NYISO at http://www.nyiso.com/oasis/index.html, under the headings “Pricing 
Data: Day Ahead Market LBMP: Zonal: WEST 61752: LBMP ($/MWhr)” or any successor headings, 
that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 


 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LBMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  NYISO 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
 
Strike Listing Provision:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 per MWh above and below the 
at-the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-
defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
18.E.076  Option on NYISO Zone G Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
 
Description:  A daily Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the NYISO Zone G Day-Ahead Peak Daily 
Fixed Price Future. 
 
Contract Symbol:  GDP 
 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
 
Contract Size:  800 MWh 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange, 
excluding Saturday, Sundays and NERC Holidays 
 
Last Trading Day:  At the end of the Trading Session on the last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
 
Options Style:  European 
 
Exercise Method:  Automatic Only 
 
Exercise Procedure:  Manual exercise or Abandon is not Permitted 
 
Exercise Day:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
Automatic Exercise Provisions:  Options which are “in the money”, with respect to the average of the Reference 
Price A prices, exercise automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the 
Strike Price. Options which are “out of the money” expire automatically. 
 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE G (HUD VL)-DAY AHEAD 
 
a) Description:  “ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE G (HUD VL)-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
which Specified Price will be the Specified Price for each hour during the Delivery Period, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by the NYISO at http://www.nyiso.com/oasis/index.html, under the headings “ Pricing 
Data: Day Ahead Market LBMP: Zonal: HUD VL 61758: LBMP ($/MWhr)” or any successor headings, 
that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 


 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LBMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  NYISO 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
 
Strike Listing Provision:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 per MWh above and below the 
at-the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-
defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
18.E.077  Option on NYISO Zone A Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
 
Description:  A monthly option on the corresponding Contract Period of the NYISO Zone A Day-Ahead Peak 
Fixed Price Future. 
 
Contract Symbol:  NAY 
 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
 
Contract Size:  1MW 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day:  At 2:30pm EPT on the second Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract 
Period 
 
Options Style:  American 
 
Exercise Method:  Manual; Automatic on Last Trading Day 
 
Exercise Procedure:  Clearing Members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with Clearing Organization Rules. 
 
Exercise Day:  Manual on any Business Day, Automatic on Last Trading Day 
 
Automatic Exercise Provisions:  Options which are "in the money", with respect to Reference Price A, exercise 
automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the Strike Price. Options which 
are "out of the money" expire automatically 
 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE A (WEST)-DAY AHEAD-PEAK MONTHLY-ICE 
 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-NYISO ZONE A-DAY AHEAD-PEAK MONTHLY-ICE" means that 
the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity on ICE of the 
NYISO ZONE A Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Swap Futures Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, as made public by ICE on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Two Business Days prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
 


 
c) Specified Price:  Settlement Price 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  ICE 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
 
Strike Listing Provision:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 per MWh above and below the 
at-the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-
defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments. 
 
 


 
18.E.078  Option on NYISO Zone G Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
 
Description:  A monthly option on the corresponding Contract Period of the NYISO Zone G Day-Ahead Peak 
Fixed Price Future. 
 
Contract Symbol:  NGY 
 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
 
Contract Size:  1MW 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle 
Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day:  At 2:30pm EPT on the second Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract 
Period 
 
Options Style:  American 
 
Exercise Method:  Manual; Automatic on Last Trading Day 
 
Exercise Procedure:  Clearing Members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with Clearing Organization Rules. 
 
Exercise Day:  Manual on any Business Day, Automatic on Last Trading Day 
 
Automatic Exercise Provisions:  Options which are "in the money", with respect to Reference Price A, exercise 
automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the Strike Price. Options which 
are "out of the money" expire automatically 
 
Reference Price A:  ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE G (HUD VL)-DAY AHEAD-PEAK MONTHLY-ICE 
 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-NYISO ZONE G-DAY AHEAD-PEAK MONTHLY-ICE" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity on ICE of the NYISO 
ZONE G Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Swap Futures Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, as made public by ICE on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Two Business Days prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
 
c) Specified Price:  Settlement Price 
 


 
d) Pricing calendar:  ICE 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
 
Strike Listing Provision:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 per MWh above and below the 
at-the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-
defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments. 
 
 


 
18.E.079 Option on PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak Calendar Year One Time Fixed Price Future 
 
Description:  An Option on a basket of yearly Contract Periods, January-December, of the Underlying Future 
Contract (“PMI”). For purposes of this Exchange Option, the term “One Time Option” shall mean that the Option 
will exercise into each of the Contract Periods of the Underlying Futures Contract in the basket using a single 
reference price, as defined in Reference Price A 
 
Contract Symbol:  P1X 
 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 4 consecutive January-December yearly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by 
the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day:  At 2:30pm EPT on the second Friday prior to the first calendar day of the first Contract 
Period in the basket 
 
Options Style:  European 
 
Exercise Method:  Automatic Only 
 
Exercise Procedure:  Manual exercise or Abandon is not Permitted 
 
Exercise Day:  The Last Trading Day 
 
Automatic Exercise Provisions:  At Exercise Time, options which are “in the money”, with respect to the 
weighted average of the Reference Price A prices, will exercise automatically into twelve Underlying Futures 
Contracts, one for each contract month in the Contract period, with a contract price equal to the Strike Price. The 
weighted average shall be determined by multiplying the Specified Price for each Delivery Date, as specified in 
Reference Price A, by its Weighting Factor to determine the weighted prices, summing the weighted prices, and 
then dividing that sum by the sum of the Weighting Factors. For purposes of this Exchange Option, the 
“Weighting Factor” shall mean a number equal to the number of Pricing Days in the Contract Period of the 
Underlying Futures Contract. Each Contract Period in the basket will have its own Weighting Factor. If the option 
is “out of the money”, then it expires automatically 
 


 
REFERENCE PRICE A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-REAL TIME-PEAK MONTHLY-ICE 
 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-REAL TIME-PEAK MONTHLY-ICE" means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity on ICE of the 
PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Swap Futures Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, as made public by ICE on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date:  Second to Last Friday in December preceding the Contract Period 
 
c) Specified Price:  Settlement Price 
 
d) Pricing calendar:  ICE 
 
e) Delivery Date:  Each Contract Period in the basket 
 
Strike Listing Provision:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 per MWh above and below the 
at-the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-
defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments. 
 
 
 


 
18.E.080  Option On CAISO NP-15 Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
 
Description:  A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the CAISO NP-15 Day-Ahead Peak 
Fixed Price Future. 
 
Contract Symbol:  NPM 
 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day:  At 2:30pm EPT on the fifth Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract 
Period 
 
Options Style:  American 
 
Exercise Method:  Manual; Automatic on Last Trading Day 
 
Exercise Procedure:  Clearing Members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with Clearing Organization Rules. 
 
Exercise Day:  Manual on any Business Day, Automatic on Last Trading Day 
 
Automatic Exercise Provisions:  Options which are "in the money", with respect to the average of the Reference 
Price A prices, exercise automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the 
Strike Price. Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A:  ELECTRICITY-CAISO-NP15-DAY AHEAD-PEAK MONTHLY-ICE 
 
f) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-CAISO-NP15-DAY AHEAD-PEAK MONTHLY-ICE" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity on ICE of the CAISO 
NP-15 Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Swap Futures Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, 
as made public by ICE on that Pricing Date. 
g) Pricing Date:  Five Business Days prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 


 
h) Specified Price:  Settlement Price 
i) Pricing calendar:  ICE 
j) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
 
Strike Listing Provision:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 per MWh above and below the 
at-the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-
defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
18.E.081  Option On CAISO NP-15 Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
 
Description:  A daily Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the CAISO NP-15 Day-Ahead Peak Daily 
Fixed Price Future. 
 
Contract Symbol:  DPN 
 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
 
Contract Size:  400 MWh 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 365 consecutive 365 daily Contract Periods, excluding Sundays and NERC Holidays, or as 
otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day:  At the end of the Trading Session on the last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
 
Options Style:  European 
 
Exercise Method:  Automatic Only 
 
Exercise Procedure:  Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted.  
 
Exercise Day:  For Contract Periods that fall on a Business Day, five Business Days following the Last Trading 
Day; for all other Contract Periods, four Business Days following the Last Trading Day. 
 
Automatic Exercise Provisions:  Options which are "in the money", with respect to the average of the Reference 
Price A prices, exercise automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the 
Strike Price. Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A:  ELECTRICITY-CAISO-NP15-DAY AHEAD 
 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-CAISO-NP15-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by the California ISO at  http://oasis.caiso.com/mrioasis/logon.do  under the headings 
"Prices: Locational Marginal Prices(LMP): P/APNode ID: TH_NP15_GEN-APND" that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 


 
b) Pricing Date:  Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 PPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  CAISO 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Strike Listing Provision:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 per MWh above and below the 
at-the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-
defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
18.E.082  Option On CAISO SP-15 Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
 
Description:  A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the CAISO SP-15 Day-Ahead Off-Peak 
Fixed Price Future. 
 
Contract Symbol:  OFP 
 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day:  At 2:30pm EPT on the fifth Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract 
Period 
 
Options Style:  American 
 
Exercise Method:  Manual; Automatic on Last Trading Day 
 
Exercise Procedure:  Clearing Members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with Clearing Organization Rules.  
 
Exercise Day:  Manual on any Business Day, Automatic on Last Trading Day 
 
Automatic Exercise Provisions:  Options which are "in the money", with respect to the average of the Reference 
Price A prices, exercise automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the 
Strike Price. Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A:  ELECTRICITY-CAISO-SP15-DAY AHEAD-PEAK MONTHLY-ICE 
 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-CAISO-SP15-DAY AHEAD-PEAK MONTHLY-ICE" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity on ICE of the CAISO 
SP-15 Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Swap Futures Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, 
as made public by ICE on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Five Business Days prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 


 
c) Specified Price:  Settlement Price 
d) Pricing calendar:  ICE 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Strike Listing Provision:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 per MWh above and below the 
at-the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-
defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
18.E.083  Option On Mid-Columbia Day-Ahead Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
 
Description:  A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the Mid-Columbia Day-Ahead Off-
Peak Fixed Price Future. 
 
Contract Symbol:  OMC 
 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day:  At 2:30pm EPT on the fifth Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract 
Period 
 
Options Style:  American 
 
Exercise Method:  Manual; Automatic on Last Trading Day 
 
Exercise Procedure:  Clearing Members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with Clearing Organization Rules. 
 
Exercise Day:  Manual on any Business Day, Automatic on Last Trading Day 
 
Automatic Exercise Provisions:  Options which are "in the money", with respect to the average of the Reference 
Price A prices, exercise automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the 
Strike Price. Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A:  ELECTRICITY-MID C--DAY AHEAD-PEAK MONTHLY-ICE 
 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-MID C-DAY AHEAD-PEAK MONTHLY-ICE" means that the price for 
a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity on ICE of the CAISO SP-15 Day-
Ahead Peak Fixed Price Swap Futures Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made 
public by ICE on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Five Business Days prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 


 
c) Specified Price:  Settlement Price 
d) Pricing calendar:  ICE 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
 
Strike Listing Provision:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 per MWh above and below the 
at-the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-
defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
18.E.084  Option On Palo Verde Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
 
Description:  A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the Palo Verde Day-Ahead Peak Fixed 
Price Future. 
 
Contract Symbol:  PVM 
 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange  
Last Trading Day:  At 2:30pm EPT on the fifth Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract 
Period 
 
Options Style:  American 
 
Exercise Method:  Manual; Automatic on Last Trading Day 
 
Exercise Procedure:  Clearing Members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with Clearing Organization Rules. 
 
Exercise Day:  Manual on any Business Day, Automatic on Last Trading Day 
 
Automatic Exercise Provisions:  Options which are "in the money", with respect to the average of the Reference 
Price A prices, exercise automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the 
Strike Price. Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A:  ELECTRICITY-PALO VERDE-DAY AHEAD-PEAK MONTHLY-ICE 
 
a) Description:  "ELECTRICITY-PALO VERDE-DAY AHEAD-PEAK MONTHLY-ICE" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity on ICE of the CAISO 
PALO VERDE Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Swap Futures Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, as made public by ICE on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Five Business Days prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
c) Specified Price:  Settlement Price 


 
d) Pricing calendar:  ICE 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
 
Strike Listing Provision:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 per MWh above and below the 
at-the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-
defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
18.E.085 Reserved 
 
18.E.086 Reserved 
 
18.E.087 Reserved  
 
18.E.088 Option on PJM Tri Qualified Renewable Energy Certificate Class I Future 
 
Contract Description:  The Options Contract is an option on the PJM Tri-Qualified Renewable Energy 
Certificate Class I Futures Contract. At expiry, one lot of Options will exercise into one lot of Futures with the 
corresponding strip. 
 
Contract Symbol:  PPR 
 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
 
Contract Size:  1 PJM Tri Qualified Renewable Energy Certificate contract 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: 1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar month it 
determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years.  
 
2. The Standard Cycle is: January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, September, 
October, November and December 
 
Strike Price Intervals:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $0.05 above and below the at-the-
money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments. 
 
Last Trading Day:  At 4:00 pm EPT on the 15th calendar day of the delivery month. Where the 15th calendar 
day is not a Business Day, the Last Trading Day shall be the first Business Day following the 15th calendar day of 
the delivery month. 
 
Option Style:  European 
 
Exercise Method:  Automatic 
 
Exercise procedure:  Clearing Members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with the Clearing Organization rules 
 
Exercise time:  5:30 pm EPT on the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
18.E.089 One Year Mid-Curve Option on PJM Tri Qualified Renewable Energy Certificates Class I Future 
 
Contract Description:  The Options Contract is an option on the PJM Tri-Qualified Renewable Energy 
Certificate Class I Futures Contract. At expiry, one lot of Options will exercise into one lot of Futures with a strip 
that is 1 year later. 
 
Contract Symbol:  PPS 
 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
 
Contract Size:  1 PJM Tri Qualified Renewable Energy Certificate contract 
 
Currency:  USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: 1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar month it 
determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years.  
 
2. The Standard Cycle is: January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, September, 
October, November and December 
 
Strike Price Intervals:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $0.05 above and below the at-the-
money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments. 
 
Last Trading Day:  At 4:00 pm EPT on the 15th calendar day of the delivery month. Where the 15th calendar 
day is not a Business Day, the Last Trading Day shall be the first Business Day following the 15th calendar day of 
the delivery month. 
 
Option Style:  European 
 
Exercise Method:  Automatic 
 
Exercise procedure:  Clearing Members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with the Clearing Organization rules 
 
Exercise time:  5:30 pm EPT on the Last Trading Day 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
18.E.090  Reserved 
 
18.E.091  Average Price Option On PJM Western Hub Day-Ahead Peak (1 Mw) Fixed Price Future 
Description:  A monthly Option that settles against the average Day-Ahead Peak LMPs for the contract period  
Contract Symbol:  PJF 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract (“PJC”) 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
Currency:  USD 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 24 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange  
Last Trading Day:  At the end of the Trading Session on the Business Day prior to the last Business Day of the 
Contract Period 
Options Style:  European 
Exercise Method:  Automatic Only 
Exercise Procedure:  Manual exercise or Abandon is not Permitted. 
Exercise Day:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions:  Options which are "in the money", with respect to the average of the Reference 
Price A prices, exercise automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the 
Strike Price. Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
REFERENCE PRICE A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description:  “ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day’s Specified Price per MWh of electricity for Delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at http://pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-
ahead/lmpda.aspx , under the Headings “Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing(LMP): LMP 
Day-Ahead Data: WESTERN HUB” or any successor headings, that reports Prices effective on the 
Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for the 
Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  PJM 


 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 
Strike Listing Provision:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $0.50 per MWh above and below the 
at-the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-
defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
18.E.092  Average Price Option On PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak (1 Mw) Fixed Price Future 
Description:  A monthly Option that settles against the average Real-Time Peak LMPs for the contract period  
Contract Symbol:  PJG 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract (“PMI”) 
Contract Size:  1 MW 
Currency:  USD 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 24 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange  
Last Trading Day:  At the end of the Trading Session on the last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Options Style:  European 
Exercise Method:  Automatic Only 
Exercise Procedure:  Manual exercise or Abandon is not Permitted. 
Exercise Day:  The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions:  Options which are "in the money", with respect to the average of the Reference 
Price A prices, exercise automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the 
Strike Price. Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
REFERENCE PRICE A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-REAL TIME 
a) Description:  “ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-REAL TIME” means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day’s Specified Price per MWh of electricity for Delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM  http://pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/real-time/lmp.aspx , 
under the Headings “Daily Real-Time Locational Marginal Pricing(LMP): LMP Real-Time Data: 
WESTERN HUB” or any successor headings, that reports Prices effective on the Pricing Date 
b) Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for the 
Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  PJM 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 


 
Strike Listing Provision:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $0.50 per MWh above and below the 
at-the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-
defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
18.E.093  Weekly Average Price Option On PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Future 
Description:  A weekly Option that settles against the average Real-Time Peak LMPs for the contract period 
Contract Symbol:  PJH 
Settlement Method:  Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size:  800 MWh’s multiplied by the number of Peak days in the week 
Currency:  USD 
Min Price Flux:  The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum price fluctuation 
may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  Up to 52 consecutive weekly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange  
Last Trading Day:  At the end of the Trading Session on the last Business Day of the Contract Period  
Options Style:  European 
Exercise Method:  Automatic Only 
Exercise Procedure:  Manual exercise or Abandon is not Permitted. 
Exercise Day:  The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions:  Options which are "in the money", with respect to the average of the Reference 
Price A prices, exercise automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the 
Strike Price. Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
REFERENCE PRICE A:  ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-REAL TIME 
a) Description:  “ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-REAL TIME” means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day’s Specified Price per MWh of electricity for Delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM  http://pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/real-time/lmp.aspx , 
under the Headings “Daily Real-Time Locational Marginal Pricing(LMP): LMP Real-Time Data: 
WESTERN HUB” or any successor headings, that reports Prices effective on the Pricing Date 
b) Pricing Date:  Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported for the 
Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price:  Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d) Pricing calendar:  PJM 
e) Delivery Date:  Contract Period 


 
Strike Listing Provision:  A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $0.50 per MWh above and below the 
at-the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-
defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments. 
 
 


 
18.E.094 Reserved 
 
18.E.095 Option on Chicago Fixed Price Future 
 
Contract Description: A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the Chicago Fixed Price 
Future. 
 
Contract Symbol: CFB 
 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18.  
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 60 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange.  
 
Last Trading Day: At the end of the Trading Session on the last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of 
the Contract Period 
 
Strike Price Intervals: A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 above and below the at-the-
money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.25 increments 
 
Option Style: European 
 
Exercise Method: Automatic 
 
Exercise procedure: Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted.  
 
Exercise Day: The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
Automatic Exercise Provisions: Options which are "in the money", with respect to Reference Price A, exercise 
automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the Strike Price. 
 
Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-MIDWEST (CHICAGO CITYGATE)-NGI 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "NATURAL GAS-MIDWEST (CHICAGO CITYGATE)-NGI" means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Spot Gas Prices: 
Midwest: Chicago Citygate: avg." in the issue of NGI's Bidweek Survey that reports prices effective 
on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Index 


 
 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: NGI 
 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
18.E.096 Option on Eastern Gas South Fixed Price Future 
 
Contract Description: A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the Dominion South Fixed 
Price Future. 
 
Contract Symbol: DSF 
 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18.  
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 60 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange.  
 
Last Trading Day: At the end of the Trading Session on the last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of 
the Contract Period 
 
Strike Price Intervals: Strike Price Listing Provisions: A minimum of 10 Strike Prices in increments of $0.25 
per MMBtu above and below the at-the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to 
futures price movements. User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.001 increments. 
 
Option Style: European 
 
Exercise Method: Automatic 
 
Exercise procedure: Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted.  
 
Exercise Day: The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
Automatic Exercise Provisions: Options which are "in the money", with respect to Reference Price A, exercise 
automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the Strike Price. 
 
Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS- EASTERN GAS (APPALACHIA)-INSIDE FERC 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "NATURAL GAS- EASTERN GAS (APPALACHIA)-INSIDE FERC" 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Monthly Bidweek 
Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Appalachia: Eastern Gas, Appalachia : Index" in the issue of Inside FERC 
that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Index 
 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Inside FERC 


 
 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 
 


 
18.E.097 Option on California Low Carbon Fuel Standard Credit (OPIS) Future 
 
Contract Description: An Option on the corresponding month of the California Low Carbon Fuel Standard 
Credit (OPIS) Future 
 
Contract Symbol: LFS 
 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
 
Contract Size: 1 California Low Carbon Fuel Standard Credit (OPIS) Future 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be Twenty-Five cent ($0.25) per LCFS 
Credit; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: 1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar month it 
determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years.  
 
2. The Standard Cycle is: January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, September, 
October, November and December 
 
Strike Price Intervals: A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 above and below the at-the-
money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments 
 
Last Trading Day: At 4:00 pm EPT on the 15th calendar day of the delivery month. Where the 15th calendar day 
is not a Business Day, the Last Trading Day shall be the first Business Day following the 15th calendar day of the 
delivery month. 
 
Option Style: European 
 
Exercise Method: Automatic 
 
Exercise procedure: Clearing Members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with the Clearing Organization rules 
 
Exercise time: 5:30 pm EPT on the Last Trading Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
18.E.098 Option on PJM PEPCO Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Description: A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the PJM PEPCO Zone Day-Ahead Peak 
Fixed Price Future 
Contract Symbol: PPF 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 24 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: At 2:30pm EPT on the second Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract 
Period 
Options Style: American 
Exercise Method: Manual; Automatic on Last Trading Day 
Exercise Procedure: Clearing Members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with Clearing Organization Rules. 
Exercise Day: Manual on any Business Day; Automatic on Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions: Options which are "in the money", with respect to the average of the Reference 
Price A prices, exercise automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the 
Strike Price. Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-PJM-PEPCO-DAY AHEAD-PEAK MONTHLY-ICE 
a) Ref Price A - Description: “ELECTRICITY-PJM-PEPCO-DAY AHEAD-PEAK MONTHLY-ICE” means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per MWh of electricity on ICE of the PJM BGE 
Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Swap Futures Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public 
by ICE on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Two Business Days prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Settlement Period 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: ICE 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 


 
Strike Price Intervals: A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 per MWh above and below the at-
the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments. 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
18.E.099 Option on PJM PECO Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Description: A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the PJM PECO Zone Day-Ahead Peak 
Fixed Price Future 
Contract Symbol: PCP 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 24 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: At 2:30pm EPT on the second Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract 
Period 
Options Style: American 
Exercise Method: Manual; Automatic on Last Trading Day 
Exercise Procedure: Clearing Members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with Clearing Organization Rules. 
Exercise Day: Manual on any Business Day; Automatic on Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions: Options which are "in the money", with respect to the average of the Reference 
Price A prices, exercise automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the 
Strike Price. Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-PJM-PECO-DAY AHEAD 
a) Ref Price A - Description:  
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: “ELECTRICITY-PJM-PECO-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day’s Specified Price per MWh of electricity for Delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by the PJM at http://pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-ahead/lmpda.aspx , under the 
Headings “Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing(LMP): LMP Day-Ahead Data: PECO” or any 
successor headings, that reports Prices effective on the Pricing Date 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are 
reported for the Delivery Date 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: PJM 


 
Strike Price Intervals: A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $0.50 per MWh above and below the at-
the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments. 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: 
ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
18.E.100 Option on PJM BGE Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Description: A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the PJM BGE Zone Day-Ahead Peak 
Fixed Price Future 
Contract Symbol: BGY 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 24 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day: At 2:30pm EPT on the second Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract 
Period 
Options Style: American 
Exercise Method: Manual; Automatic on Last Trading Day 
Exercise Procedure: Clearing Members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with Clearing Organization Rules. 
Exercise Day: Manual on any Business Day; Automatic on Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions: Options which are "in the money", with respect to the average of the Reference 
Price A prices, exercise automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the 
Strike Price. Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-PJM-BGE ZONE-DAY AHEAD-PEAK MONTHLY-ICE 
a) Ref Price A - Description:  
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: “ELECTRICITY-PJM-BGE ZONE-DAY AHEAD-PEAK MONTHLY-ICE” 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per MWh of electricity on ICE of the 
PJM BGE Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Swap Futures Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, 
as made public by ICE on that Pricing Date. 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Two Business Days prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Settlement Price 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: ICE 


 
Strike Price Intervals: A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 per MWh above and below the at-
the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments. 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
18.E.101 Option on ERCOT North 345KV Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Description: A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the ERCOT North 345KV Day-Ahead 
Peak Fixed Price Future 
Contract Symbol: EVN 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: At 2:30pm EPT on the second Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract 
Period 
Options Style: American 
Exercise Method: Manual; Automatic on Last Trading Day 
Exercise Procedure: Clearing Members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with Clearing Organization Rules. 
Exercise Day: Manual on any Business Day; Automatic on Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions: Options which are "in the money", with respect to the average of the Reference 
Price A prices, exercise automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the 
Strike Price. Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH 345KV HUB-DAY AHEAD-PEAK MONTHLY-
ICE 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH 345KV HUB-DAY AHEAD-PEAK 
MONTHLY-ICE" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity 
on ICE of the ERCOT North 345KV Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Swap Futures Contract for the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by ICE on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Two Business Days prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Settlement Price 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: ICE 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 


 
Strike Price Intervals: A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 per MWh above and below the at-
the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments. 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
18.E.102 Option on Massachusetts Solar Renewable Certificate Future  
Contract Description: An Option on the corresponding month of the Massachusetts Solar Renewable Certificate 
Vintage Future 
Contract Symbol: Vintage 2018: MQ8, Vintage 2019: MQ9, Vintage 2020: MQ0, Vintage 2021: MQ1, Vintage 
2022: MQ2, Vintage 2023: MQ3 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size: 1 Massachusetts Solar Renewable Certificate Vintage Future 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per metric ton; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar month it 
determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years.  
2. The Standard Cycle is: January, February, April, May, July, August, October, November 
Strike Price Intervals: A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $0.05 above and below the at-the-
money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments 
Last Trading Day: At 4:00 pm EPT on the 15th calendar day of the delivery month. Where the 15th calendar day 
is not a Business Day, the Last Trading Day shall be the first Business Day following the 15th calendar day of the 
delivery month. 
Option Style: European 
Exercise Method: Automatic 
Exercise procedure: Clearing Members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with the Clearing Organization rules 
Exercise time: 5:30 pm EPT on the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 
 


 
18.E.103 Option on Massachusetts Solar Renewable Energy Certificate Carve Out II Future 
Contract Description: An Option on the corresponding month of the Massachusetts Solar Renewable Energy 
Certificate Carve Out II Vintage Future  
Contract Symbol: Vintage 2018: MA8, Vintage 2019: MA9, Vintage 2020: MA0, Vintage 2021: MA1, Vintage 
2022: MA2, Vintage 2023: MA3 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size: 1 Massachusetts Solar Renewable Energy Certificate Carve Out II Vintage Future 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per metric ton; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle:  1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar month it 
determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years.  
2. The Standard Cycle is: January, February, April, May,  July, August, October, November  
 
Strike Price Intervals: A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $0.05 above and below the at-the-
money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments 
Last Trading Day: At 4:00 pm EPT on the 15th calendar day of the delivery month. Where the 15th calendar day 
is not a Business Day, the Last Trading Day shall be the first Business Day following the 15th calendar day of the 
delivery month. 
Option Style: European 
Exercise Method: Automatic 
Exercise procedure: Clearing Members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with the Clearing Organization rules 
Exercise time: 5:30 pm EPT on the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
18.E.104 Option on NWP Rockies Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description: A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the NWP Rockies Fixed Price 
Future. 
Contract Symbol: FQR 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18.  
Listing Cycle: Up to 60 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. \ 
Last Trading Day: At the end of the Trading Session on the last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of 
the Contract Period 
Strike Price Intervals: Strike Price Listing Provisions: A minimum of 10 Strike Prices in increments of $0.25 
per MMBtu above and below the at-the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to 
futures price movements. User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.001 increments. 
Option Style: European 
Exercise Method: Automatic 
Exercise procedure: Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted.  
Exercise Day: The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions: Options which are "in the money", with respect to Reference Price A, exercise 
automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the Strike Price. 
Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-NWPL (ROCKY MOUNTAINS)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "NATURAL GAS-NWPL (ROCKY MOUNTAINS)-INSIDE FERC" means that 
the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Prices of Spot Gas Delivered to Pipelines 
($/MMBtu): Northwest Pipeline Corp.: Rocky Mountains: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Index 


 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Inside FERC 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
18.E.105 Option on Waha Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description: A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the Waha Fixed Price Future. 
Contract Symbol: FQW 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18.  
Listing Cycle: Up to 60 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. Last  
Trading Day: At the end of the Trading Session on the last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the 
Contract Period 
Strike Price Intervals: Strike Price Listing Provisions: A minimum of 10 Strike Prices in increments of $0.25 
per MMBtu above and below the at-the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to 
futures price movements. User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.001 increments. 
Option Style: European 
Exercise Method: Automatic 
Exercise procedure: Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted.  
Exercise Day: The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions: Options which are "in the money", with respect to Reference Price A, exercise 
automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the Strike Price. 
Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-W. TEXAS (WAHA)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "NATURAL GAS-W. TEXAS (WAHA)-INSIDE FERC" means that the price for 
a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Market Center Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): West Texas: 
Waha: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Index 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Inside FERC 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 


 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
18.E.106 Option on EP Permian Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description: A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the EP Permian Fixed Price 
Future. 
Contract Symbol: FQP 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18.  
Listing Cycle: Up to 60 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. Last  
Trading Day: At the end of the Trading Session on the last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the 
Contract Period 
Strike Price Intervals: Strike Price Listing Provisions: A minimum of 10 Strike Prices in increments of $0.25 
per MMBtu above and below the at-the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to 
futures price movements. User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.001 increments. 
Option Style: European 
Exercise Method: Automatic 
Exercise procedure: Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted.  
Exercise Day: The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions: Options which are "in the money", with respect to Reference Price A, exercise 
automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the Strike Price. 
Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-EL PASO (PERMIAN BASIN)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "NATURAL GAS-EL PASO (PERMIAN BASIN)-INSIDE FERC" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Prices of Spot Gas Delivered to Pipelines ($/MMBtu): 
El Paso Natural Gas Co.: Permian Basin: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports prices effective on that 
Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Index 


 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Inside FERC 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 


 
18.E.107 Option on HSC Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description: A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the HSC Fixed Price Future. 
Contract Symbol: FQH 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18.  
Listing Cycle: Up to 60 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. Last  
Trading Day: At the end of the Trading Session on the last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the 
Contract Period 
Strike Price Intervals: Strike Price Listing Provisions: A minimum of 10 Strike Prices in increments of $0.25 
per MMBtu above and below the at-the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to 
futures price movements. User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.001 increments. 
Option Style: European 
Exercise Method: Automatic 
Exercise procedure: Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted.  
Exercise Day: The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions: Options which are "in the money", with respect to Reference Price A, exercise 
automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the Strike Price. 
Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-E. TEXAS (HOUSTON SHIP CHANNEL)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "NATURAL GAS-E. TEXAS (HOUSTON SHIP CHANNEL)-INSIDE FERC" 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery 
on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas Prices 
($/MMBtu): East Texas: Houston Ship Channel: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports prices effective 
on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Index 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Inside FERC 


 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
18.E.108 Option on Michcon Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description: A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the Michcon Fixed Price 
Future. 
Contract Symbol: FQM 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18.  
Listing Cycle: Up to 60 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. Last  
Trading Day: At the end of the Trading Session on the last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the 
Contract Period 
Strike Price Intervals: Strike Price Listing Provisions: A minimum of 10 Strike Prices in increments of $0.25 
per MMBtu above and below the at-the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to 
futures price movements. User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.001 increments. 
Option Style: European 
Exercise Method: Automatic 
Exercise procedure: Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted.  
Exercise Day: The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions: Options which are "in the money", with respect to Reference Price A, exercise 
automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the Strike Price. 
Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-UPPER MIDWEST (MICH CON CITY-GATE)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "NATURAL GAS-UPPER MIDWEST (MICH CON CITY-GATE)-INSIDE 
FERC" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Market Center Spot Gas Prices 
($/MMBtu): Upper Midwest: Mich Con city-gate: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports prices effective 
on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Index 


 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Inside FERC 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
18.E.109 Option on TETCO M3 Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description: A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the TETCO M3 Fixed Price 
Future. 
Contract Symbol: FQT 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18.  
Listing Cycle: Up to 60 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. Last  
Trading Day: At the end of the Trading Session on the last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the 
Contract Period 
Strike Price Intervals: Strike Price Listing Provisions: A minimum of 10 Strike Prices in increments of $0.25 
per MMBtu above and below the at-the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to 
futures price movements. User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.001 increments. 
Option Style: European 
Exercise Method: Automatic 
Exercise procedure: Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted.  
Exercise Day: The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions: Options which are "in the money", with respect to Reference Price A, exercise 
automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the Strike Price. 
Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-NORTHEAST (TEXAS EASTERN ZONE M-3)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "NATURAL GAS-NORTHEAST (TEXAS EASTERN ZONE M-3)-INSIDE 
FERC means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas 
Prices ($/MMBtu): Northeast: Texas Eastern, M-3: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports prices effective 
on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Index 


 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Inside FERC 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
18.E.110 Option on AB NIT Fixed Price Future 
Contract Description: A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the AB NIT Fixed Price 
Future. 
Contract Symbol: FQN 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18.  
Listing Cycle: Up to 60 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. Last  
Trading Day: At the end of the Trading Session on the last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the 
Contract Period 
Strike Price Intervals: Strike Price Listing Provisions: A minimum of 10 Strike Prices in increments of $0.25 
per MMBtu above and below the at-the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to 
futures price movements. User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.001 increments. 
Option Style: European 
Exercise Method: Automatic 
Exercise procedure: Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted.  
Exercise Day: The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions: Options which are "in the money", with respect to Reference Price A, exercise 
automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the Strike Price. 
Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-NGX AB-NIT MONTH AHEAD INDEX 7A (US$/MMBTU)-
CANADIAN GAS PRICE REPORTER 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "NATURAL GAS-NGX AB-NIT MONTH AHEAD INDEX 7A (US$/MMBTU)-
CANADIAN GAS PRICE REPORTER" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price 
per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading 
"Monthly Canadian and U.S. natural gas price summary: Canadian Domestic Gas Prices: NGX AB-NIT Month 
Ahead Index (7A): US$/MMBtu" in the issue of Canadian Gas Price Reporter that reports prices effective for that 
Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 


 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Index 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Canadian Gas Price Reporter 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
18.E.111 Option on PJM PSEG Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Priced Future 
Description: A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the PJM PSEG Day-Ahead Peak Fixed 
Price Future 
Contract Symbol: PSA 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 24 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day: At 2:30pm EPT on the second Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract 
Period 
Options Style: American 
Exercise Method: Manual; Automatic on Last Trading Day 
Exercise Procedure: Clearing Members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with Clearing Organization Rules. 
Exercise Day: Manual on any Business Day; Automatic on Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions: Options which are "in the money", with respect to the average of the Reference 
Price A prices, exercise automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the 
Strike Price. Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-PJM-PSEG-DAY AHEAD-PEAK MONTHLY-ICE 
a) Ref Price A - Description: “ELECTRICITY-PJM-PSEG-DAY AHEAD-PEAK MONTHLY-ICE” means that 
the price for a Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per MWh of electricity on ICE of the PJM PSEG 
Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Swap Futures Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public 
by ICE on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Two Business Days prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Settlement Price 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: ICE 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 


 
Strike Price Intervals: A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 per MWh above and below the at-
the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments. 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
18.E.112 Option on PJM PSEG Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Description: A daily Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the PJM PSEG Day-Ahead Peak Daily 
Fixed Price Future 
Contract Symbol: PSC 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size: 16 MWh 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 45 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day: At the end of the Trading Session on the last Business day prior to the Contract Period 
Options Style: European 
Exercise Method: Automatic only 
Exercise Procedure: Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted 
Exercise Day: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions: Options which are "in the money", with respect to the average of the Reference 
Price A prices, exercise automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the 
Strike Price. Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-PJM-PSEG-DAY AHEAD 
a) Ref Price A - Description: “ELECTRICITY-PJM-PSEG-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day’s Specified Price per MWh of electricity for Delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by the PJM at http://pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-ahead/lmpda.aspx , under the 
Headings “Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing(LMP): LMP Day-Ahead Data: PSEG” or any successor 
headings, that reports Prices effective on the Pricing Date 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: PJM 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 


 
Strike Price Intervals: A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 per MWh above and below the at-
the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments. 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
18.E.113 Option on PJM PPL Zone Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Description: A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the PJM PPL Zone Day-Ahead Peak 
Fixed Price Future 
Contract Symbol: PPP 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 24 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: At 2:30pm EPT on the second Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract 
Period 
Options Style: American 
Exercise Method: Manual; Automatic on Last Trading Day 
Exercise Procedure: Clearing Members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with Clearing Organization Rules. 
Exercise Day: Manual on any Business Day; Automatic on Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions: Options which are "in the money", with respect to the average of the Reference 
Price A prices, exercise automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the 
Strike Price. Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-PJM-PPL-DAY AHEAD 
a) Ref Price A - Description: “ELECTRICITY-PJM-PPL-DAY AHEAD” means that the price for a Pricing Date 
will be that day’s Specified Price per MWh of electricity for Delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, 
published by the PJM at http://pjm.com/markets-and-operations/energy/day-ahead/lmpda.aspx , under the 
Headings “Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing(LMP): LMP Day-Ahead Data: PPL” or any successor 
headings, that reports Prices effective on the Pricing Date 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each Monday through Friday, excluding NERC holidays, that prices are reported 
for the Delivery Date 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: PJM 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 


 
Strike Price Intervals: A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $0.50 per MWh above and below the at-
the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments. 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
18.E.114 Option On PJM Western Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Calendar Year One Time Mini Fixed Price 
Future 
Contract Description: An Option on a basket of yearly Contract Periods, January-December, of the Underlying 
Future Contract. For purposes of this Exchange Option, the term “One Time Option” shall mean that the Option 
will exercise into each of the Contract Periods of the Underlying Futures Contract in the basket using a single 
reference price, as defined in Reference Price A 
Contract Symbol: POX 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 4 consecutive January-December yearly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange 
ast Trading Day: At 2:30pm EPT on the second Friday prior to the first calendar day of the first Contract Period 
in the basket 
Option Style: European 
Exercise Method: Automatic Only 
Exercise Procedure: Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted. 
Exercise Day: Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions: At Exercise Time, options which are “in the money”, with respect to the 
weighted average of the Reference Price A prices, will exercise automatically into twelve Underlying Futures 
Contracts, one for each contract month in the Contract period, with a contract price equal to the Strike Price. The 
weighted average shall be determined by multiplying the Specified Price for each Delivery Date, as specified in 
Reference Price A, by its Weighting Factor to determine the weighted prices, and then dividing that sum by the 
sum of the Weighting Factors. For purposes of this Exchange Option, the “Weighting Factor” shall mean a 
number equal to the number of Pricing Days in the Contract Period of the Underlying Futures Contract. Each 
Contract Period in the basket will have its own Weighting Factor. If the option is “out of the money”, then it 
expires automatically 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-REAL TIME-OFF PEAK MONTHLY-
ICE 
a) Description: "ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-REAL TIME-OFF PEAK MONTHLY-ICE" 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity on ICE of 
the PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Swap Futures Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, as made public by ICE on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date: Second to Last Friday in December preceding the Contract Period 
c) Specified Price: Settlement Price 


 
d) Pricing calendar: ICE 
e) Delivery Date: Each Contract Period in the basket 
Strike Price Listing: A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 per MWh above and below the at-
the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-Defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments. 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 


 
18.E.115 Option on Algonquin Citygates Fixed Price Future 
 
Contract Description: A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the Algonquin Citygates 
Fixed Price Future. 
 
Contract Symbol: ALG 
 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18.  
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 60 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Last Trading Day: At the end of the Trading Session on the last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of 
the Contract Period 
 
Strike Price Intervals: Strike Price Listing Provisions: A minimum of 10 Strike Prices in increments of $0.25 
per MMBtu above and below the at-the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to 
futures price movements. User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.001 increments. 
 
Option Style: European 
 
Exercise Method: Automatic 
 
Exercise procedure: Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted.  
 
Exercise Day: The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
Automatic Exercise Provisions: Options which are "in the money", with respect to Reference Price A, exercise 
automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the Strike Price. 
 
Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: "NATURAL GAS-NORTHEAST (ALGONQUIN CITY-GATE)-INSIDE 
FERC" 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "NATURAL GAS-NORTHEAST (ALGONQUIN CITY-GATE)-INSIDE 
FERC" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural 
gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Monthly 


 
Bidweek Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Northeast: Algonquin, city-gates: Index" in the issue of Inside 
FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Index 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Inside FERC 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
18.E.116 Option on CG-Mainline Fixed Price Future 
 
Contract Description: A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the CG Mainline Fixed Price 
Future. 
 
Contract Symbol: CGA 
 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 60 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Last Trading Day: At the end of the Trading Session on the last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of 
the Contract Period 
 
Strike Price Intervals: Strike Price Listing Provisions: A minimum of 10 Strike Prices in increments of $0.25 
per MMBtu above and below the at-the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to 
futures price movements. User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.001 increments. 
 
Option Style: European 
 
Exercise Method: Automatic 
 
Exercise procedure: Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted.  
 
Exercise Day: The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
Automatic Exercise Provisions: Options which are "in the money", with respect to Reference Price A, exercise 
automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the Strike Price. 
 
Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-COLUMBIA GULF (MAINLINE)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "NATURAL GAS-COLUMBIA GULF (MAINLINE)-INSIDE FERC" 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Monthly Bidweek 
Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Louisiana/Southeast:  Columbia Gulf, mainline:  Index " in the issue of 
Inside FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 


 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Index 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Inside FERC 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
18.E.117 Option on CIG Rockies Fixed Price Future 
 
Contract Description: A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the CIG Rockies Fixed Price 
Future. 
 
Contract Symbol: CRA 
 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 60 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Last Trading Day: At the end of the Trading Session on the last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of 
the Contract Period 
 
Strike Price Intervals: Strike Price Listing Provisions: A minimum of 10 Strike Prices in increments of $0.25 
per MMBtu above and below the at-the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to 
futures price movements. User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.001 increments. 
 
Option Style: European 
 
Exercise Method: Automatic 
 
Exercise procedure: Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted.  
 
Exercise Day: The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
Automatic Exercise Provisions: Options which are "in the money", with respect to Reference Price A, exercise 
automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the Strike Price. 
 
Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-CIG (ROCKY MOUNTAINS)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "NATURAL GAS-CIG (ROCKY MOUNTAINS)-INSIDE FERC" means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery 
on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas 
Prices ($/MMBtu): Rockies/Northwest: CIG, Rockies: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 


 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Index 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Inside FERC 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 
 


 
18.E.118 Option on Malin Fixed Price Future 
 
Contract Description: A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the Malin Fixed Price Future. 
 
Contract Symbol: MAF 
 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 60 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Last Trading Day: At the end of the Trading Session on the last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of 
the Contract Period 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18.  
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 60 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange.  
 
Last Trading Day: At the end of the Trading Session on the last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of 
the Contract Period 
 
Strike Price Intervals: Strike Price Listing Provisions: A minimum of 10 Strike Prices in increments of $0.25 
per MMBtu above and below the at-the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to 
futures price movements. User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.001 increments. 
 
Option Style: European 
 
Exercise Method: Automatic 
 
Exercise procedure: Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted.  
 
Exercise Day: The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
Automatic Exercise Provisions: Options which are "in the money", with respect to Reference Price A, exercise 
automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the Strike Price. 
 
Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 


 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-CALIFORNIA (MALIN)-NGI 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "NATURAL GAS-CALIFORNIA (MALIN)-NGI" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Spot Gas Prices: California: Malin: avg." in the 
issue of NGI's Bidweek Survey that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Index 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: NGI 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 
 


 
18.E.119 Option on NGPL Midcont Fixed Price Future 
 
Contract Description: A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the NGPL Midcont Fixed 
Price Future. 
 
Contract Symbol: MCN 
 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 60 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Last Trading Day: At the end of the Trading Session on the last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of 
the Contract Period 
 
Strike Price Intervals: Strike Price Listing Provisions: A minimum of 10 Strike Prices in increments of $0.25 per 
MMBtu above and below the at-the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures 
price movements. User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.001 increments. 
 
Option Style: European 
 
Exercise Method: Automatic 
 
Exercise procedure: Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted.  
 
Exercise Day: The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
Automatic Exercise Provisions: Options which are "in the money", with respect to Reference Price A, exercise 
automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the Strike Price. 
 
Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-NGPL (MIDCONTINENT)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "NATURAL GAS-NGPL (MIDCONTINENT)-INSIDE FERC" means that 
the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas Prices 
($/MMBtu): Midcontinent: NGPL, Midcontinent: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 


 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Index 
d)  Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Inside FERC 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
18.E.120 Option on NGPL TXOK Fixed Price Future 
 
Contract Description: A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the NGPL TXOK Fixed Price 
Future. 
 
Contract Symbol: NTH 
 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 60 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Last Trading Day: At the end of the Trading Session on the last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of 
the Contract Period 
 
Strike Price Intervals: Strike Price Listing Provisions: A minimum of 10 Strike Prices in increments of $0.25 
per MMBtu above and below the at-the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to 
futures price movements. User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.001 increments. 
 
Option Style: European 
 
Exercise Method: Automatic 
 
Exercise procedure: Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted.  
 
Exercise Day: The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
Automatic Exercise Provisions: Options which are "in the money", with respect to Reference Price A, exercise 
automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the Strike Price. 
 
Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-NGPL (TEXOK)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "NATURAL GAS-NGPL (TEXOK)-INSIDE FERC" means that the price for 
a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): 
East Texas: NGPL, Texok zone: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports prices effective on that 
Pricing Date. 


 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Index 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Inside FERC 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
18.E.121 Option on NNG Ventura Fixed Price Future 
 
Contract Description: A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the NNG Ventura Fixed Price 
Future. 
 
Contract Symbol: NNH 
 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 60 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Last Trading Day: At the end of the Trading Session on the last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of 
the Contract Period 
 
Strike Price Intervals: Strike Price Listing Provisions: A minimum of 10 Strike Prices in increments of $0.25 
per MMBtu above and below the at-the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to 
futures price movements. User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.001 increments. 
 
Option Style: European 
 
Exercise Method: Automatic 
 
Exercise procedure: Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted.  
 
Exercise Day: The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
Automatic Exercise Provisions: Options which are "in the money", with respect to Reference Price A, exercise 
automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the Strike Price. 
 
Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-NNG (VENTURA)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "NATURAL GAS-NNG (VENTURA)-INSIDE FERC" means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas Prices 
($/MMBtu): Upper Midwest: Northern, Ventura: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 


 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Index 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Inside FERC 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
18.E.122 Option on PG&E Citygate Fixed Price Future 
 
Contract Description: A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the PG&E Citygate Fixed 
Price Future. 
 
Contract Symbol: PGD 
 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 60 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Last Trading Day: At the end of the Trading Session on the last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of 
the Contract Period 
 
Strike Price Intervals: Strike Price Listing Provisions: A minimum of 10 Strike Prices in increments of $0.25 
per MMBtu above and below the at-the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to 
futures price movements. User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.001 increments. 
 
Option Style: European 
 
Exercise Method: Automatic 
 
Exercise procedure: Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted.  
 
Exercise Day: The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
Automatic Exercise Provisions: Options which are "in the money", with respect to Reference Price A, exercise 
automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the Strike Price. 
 
Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-CALIFORNIA (PG&E CITYGATE)-NGI 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "NATURAL GAS-CALIFORNIA (PG&E CITYGATE)-NGI" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Spot Gas Prices: California: PG&E 
Citygate: avg." in the issue of NGI's Bidweek Survey that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 


 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Index 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: NGI 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 


 
18.E.123 Option on REX Zone 3 Fixed Price Future 
 
Contract Description: A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the REX Zone 3 Fixed Price 
Future. 
 
Contract Symbol: REH 
 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 60 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Last Trading Day: At the end of the Trading Session on the last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of 
the Contract Period 
 
Strike Price Intervals: Strike Price Listing Provisions: A minimum of 10 Strike Prices in increments of $0.25 
per MMBtu above and below the at-the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to 
futures price movements. User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.001 increments. 
 
Option Style: European 
 
Exercise Method: Automatic 
 
Exercise procedure: Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted.  
 
Exercise Day: The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
Automatic Exercise Provisions: Options which are "in the money", with respect to Reference Price A, exercise 
automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the Strike Price. 
 
Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-UPPER MIDWEST, REX, ZONE 3 DELIVERED-INSIDE 
FERC 
a) Ref Price A - Description: “NATURAL GAS-UPPER MIDWEST, REX, ZONE 3 DELIVERED-
INSIDE FERC” means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of 
natural gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading 


 
"Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Upper Midwest: REX, zone 3 delivered: Index" in the 
issue of Inside FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Index 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Inside FERC 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
18.E.124 Option on TCO Fixed Price Future 
 
Contract Description: A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the TCO Fixed Price Future. 
 
Contract Symbol: TCF 
 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 60 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Last Trading Day: At the end of the Trading Session on the last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of 
the Contract Period 
 
Strike Price Intervals: Strike Price Listing Provisions: A minimum of 10 Strike Prices in increments of $0.25 
per MMBtu above and below the at-the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to 
futures price movements. User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.001 increments. 
 
Option Style: European 
 
Exercise Method: Automatic 
 
Exercise procedure: Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted.  
 
Exercise Day: The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
Automatic Exercise Provisions: Options which are "in the money", with respect to Reference Price A, exercise 
automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the Strike Price. 
 
Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-COLUMBIA GAS (APPALACHIA)-INSIDE FERC 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "NATURAL GAS-COLUMBIA GAS (APPALACHIA)-INSIDE FERC" 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Monthly Bidweek 
Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Appalachia: Columbia Gas, App.: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 


 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Index 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Inside FERC 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
18.E.125 Option on Transco Leidy Fixed Price Future 
 
Contract Description: A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the Transco Leidy Fixed Price 
Future. 
 
Contract Symbol: YQA 
 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 60 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Last Trading Day: At the end of the Trading Session on the last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of 
the Contract Period 
 
Strike Price Intervals: Strike Price Listing Provisions: A minimum of 10 Strike Prices in increments of $0.25 
per MMBtu above and below the at-the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to 
futures price movements. User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.001 increments. 
 
Option Style: European 
 
Exercise Method: Automatic 
 
Exercise procedure: Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted.  
 
Exercise Day: The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions: Options which are "in the money", with respect to Reference Price A, exercise 
automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the Strike Price. 
 
Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPE LINE, LEIDY LINE 
RECEIPTS-INSIDE FERC 
a) Ref Price A - Description: “NATURAL GAS-TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPE LINE, LEIDY 
LINE RECEIPTS-INSIDE FERC” means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified 
Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published 
under the heading "Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Appalachia: Transco, Leidy Line 
receipts: Index" in the issue of Inside FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 


 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Index 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Inside FERC 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
18.E.126 Option on Transco Zone 6 (non NY) Fixed Price Future 
 
Contract Description: A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the Transco Zone 6 (non NY) 
Fixed Price Future. 
 
Contract Symbol: TPH 
 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 60 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Last Trading Day: At the end of the Trading Session on the last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of 
the Contract Period 
 
Strike Price Intervals: Strike Price Listing Provisions: A minimum of 10 Strike Prices in increments of $0.25 
per MMBtu above and below the at-the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to 
futures price movements. User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.001 increments. 
 
Option Style: European 
 
Exercise Method: Automatic 
 
Exercise procedure: Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted.  
 
Exercise Day: The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
Automatic Exercise Provisions: Options which are "in the money", with respect to Reference Price A, exercise 
automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the Strike Price. 
 
Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-NORTHEAST (TRANSCO ZONE 6 NON-N.Y.)-INSIDE 
FERC 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "NATURAL GAS-NORTHEAST (TRANSCO ZONE 6 NON-N.Y.)-
INSIDE FERC" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of 
natural gas for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading 


 
"Monthly Bidweek Spot Gas Prices ($/MMBtu): Northeast: Transco, zone 6 non-N.Y.: Index" in the issue 
of Inside FERC that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Index 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: Inside FERC 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
18.E.127 Option on NEPOOL Dual Qualified Compliance Renewable Energy Certificate Class I Future 
 
Contract Description: An option on the corresponding month of the NEPOOL Dual Qualified Compliance 
Renewable Energy Certificate Class I Future. 
 
Contract Symbol: NER 
 
Settlement Method: Exercise into underlying Futures Contract 
 
Contract Size: 1 NEPOOL Dual Qualified Compliance Renewable Energy Certificate Class I Future contract 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Strike Price Intervals: A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $0.25 above and below the at-the-
money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.25 increments. 
 
Listing Cycle:   1. Standard-cycle contract listings: Monthly contract sets through the current Year and forward 
up to 10 consecutive Years. 
 
2. The Exchange may list any other calendar month contract set off the standard-cycle listing 
schedule through the last expiring contract set. 
 
Last Trading Day: At 4:00 pm EPT on the 15th calendar day of the delivery month. Where the 15th calendar day 
is not a Business Day, the Last Trading Day shall be the first Business Day following the 15th calendar day of the 
delivery month. 
 
Exercise Time: 5:30EPT on the Last Trading Day 
 
Registry: NEPOOL GIS 
 
MIC CODE: IFED 
 
CLEARING VENUE: ICEU 
 
 


 
18.E.128 Reserved 
 
18.E.129 Option on MISO Indiana Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A daily Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the MISO Indiana Hub Day-Ahead Peak 
Daily Fixed Price Future 
 
Contract Symbol: MDA 
 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
 
Contract Size: 800 MWh 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
 
Last Trading Day: At the end of the Trading Session on the Last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
 
Options Style: European 
 
Exercise Method: Automatic Only 
 
Exercise Procedure: Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted 
 
Exercise Day: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
Automatic Exercise Provisions: Options which are "in the money", with respect to the average of the Reference 
Price A prices, exercise automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the 
Strike Price. Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-MISO-INDIANA HUB-DAY AHEAD 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: “ELECTRICITY-MISO-INDIANA HUB AHEAD” means that the price for 
a Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per MWh of electricity for Delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the MISO at  https://www.misoenergy.org/markets-and-
operations/market-reports, under the Headings “Day-Ahead Pricing”or any successor headings, that 
reports Prices effective on the Pricing Date 
 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: MISO 
 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 


 
Strike Price Intervals: A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $0.50 per MWh above and below the at-
the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments. 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
18.E.130 Option on PJM AEP Dayton Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A daily Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the PJM AEP Dayton Hub Day-Ahead Peak 
Daily Fixed Price Future 
 
Contract Symbol: ADA 
 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
 
Contract Size: 16 MWh 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 38 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange  
 
Last Trading Day: At the end of the Trading Session on the Last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
 
Options Style: European 
 
Exercise Method: Automatic Only 
 
Exercise Procedure: Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted 
 
Exercise Day: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
Automatic Exercise Provisions: Options which are "in the money", with respect to the average of the Reference 
Price A prices, exercise automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the 
Strike Price. Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-PJM-AEP DAYTON HUB-DAY AHEAD 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: “ELECTRICITY-PJM-AEP DAYTON HUB-DAY AHEAD” means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per MWh of electricity for Delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at https://www.pjm.com/markets-and-
operations/etools/data-miner-2.aspx, under the Headings “Daily Day-Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing 
(LMP): LMP Day-Ahead Data: AEP-DAYTON HUB” or any successor headings, that reports Prices 
effective on the Pricing Date 
 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: PJM 
 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 


 
Strike Price Intervals: A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $0.50 per MWh above and below the at-
the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments. 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
18.E.131 Option on PJM NI Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A daily Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the PJM NI Hub Day-Ahead Peak Daily 
Fixed Price Future 
 
Contract Symbol: NIA 
 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
 
Contract Size: 16 MWh 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 38 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange  
 
Last Trading Day: At the end of the Trading Session on the Last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
 
Options Style: European 
 
Exercise Method: Automatic Only 
 
Exercise Procedure: Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted 
 
Exercise Day: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
Automatic Exercise Provisions: Options which are "in the money", with respect to the average of the Reference 
Price A prices, exercise automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the 
Strike Price. Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-PJM-NORTHERN ILLINOS HUB-DAY AHEAD 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: “ELECTRICITY-PJM-NORTHERN ILLINOIS HUB HUB-DAY AHEAD” 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per MWh of electricity for 
Delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at 
https://www.pjm.com/markets-and-operations/etools/data-miner-2.aspx, under the Headings “Daily Day-
Ahead Locational Marginal Pricing (LMP): LMP Day-Ahead Data: N ILLINOIS HUB” or any successor 
headings, that reports Prices effective on the Pricing Date 
 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: PJM 
 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
 


 
Strike Price Intervals: A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $0.50 per MWh above and below the at-
the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments. 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
18.E.132 Option on Socal Citygate Fixed Price Future 
 
Contract Description: A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the Socal Citygate Fixed Price 
Future. 
 
Contract Symbol: CVL 
 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
 
Contract Size: 2500 MMBtus 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One hundredth of a cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18.  
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 60 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Last Trading Day: At the end of the Trading Session on the last Business Day prior to the first calendar day of 
the Contract Period 
 
Strike Price Intervals: Strike Price Listing Provisions: A minimum of 10 Strike Prices in increments of $0.25 
per MMBtu above and below the at-the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to 
futures price movements. User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.001 increments. 
 
Option Style: European 
 
Exercise Method: Automatic 
 
Exercise procedure: Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted.  
 
Exercise Day: The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
 
Automatic Exercise Provisions: Options which are "in the money", with respect to Reference Price A, exercise 
automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the Strike Price. 
 
Options which are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-CALIFORNIA (SOCAL CITYGATE)-NGI 
 
a) Ref Price A - Description: "NATURAL GAS-CALIFORNIA (SOCAL CITYGATE)-NGI" means that 
the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Spot Gas Prices: California: SoCal 
Citygate: avg." in the issue of NGI's Bidweek Survey that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Ref Price A - Pricing Date: First publication date of the Contract Period 
 
c) Ref Price A - Specified Price: Average 
 
d) Ref Price A - Pricing calendar: NGI 
 


 
e) Ref Price A - Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
18.E.133 Option on Connecticut Compliance Renewable Energy Certificate Class I Future 
Contract Description: An option on the corresponding month of the Connecticut Compliance Renewable Energy 
Certificate Class I Future. 
Contract Symbol: CTT 
Settlement Method: Exercise into underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size: 1 Connecticut Compliance Renewable Energy Certificate Class I Future contract 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Strike Price Intervals: A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $0.25 above and below the at-the-
money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.25 increments. 
Listing Cycle:  1. Standard-cycle contract listings: Monthly contract sets through the current Year and forward up 
to 10 consecutive Years. 
2. The Exchange may list any other calendar month contract set off the standard-cycle listing 
schedule through the last expiring contract set. 
Last Trading Day: At 4:00 pm EPT on the 15th calendar day of the delivery month. Where the 15th calendar day 
is not a Business Day, the Last Trading Day shall be the first Business Day following the 15th calendar day of the 
delivery month. 
Option Style: European 
Exercise Method: Automatic 
Exercise Time: 5:30EPT on the Last Trading Day 
Registry: NEPOOL GIS 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
18.E.134 Option on Maryland Compliance Renewable Energy Credit Tier 1 Future 
Contract Description: An option on the corresponding month of the Maryland Compliance Renewable Energy 
Credit Tier 1 Future. 
Contract Symbol: MDE 
Settlement Method: Exercise into underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size: 1 Maryland Compliance Renewable Energy Credit Tier 1 Future contract 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Strike Price Intervals: A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $0.25 above and below the at-the-
money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.25 increments. 
Listing Cycle: 1. Standard-cycle contract listings: Monthly contract sets through the current Year and forward up 
to 10 consecutive Years. 
2. The Exchange may list any other calendar month contract set off the standard-cycle listing 
schedule through the last expiring contract set. 
Last Trading Day: At 4:00 pm EPT on the 15th calendar day of the delivery month. Where the 15th calendar day 
is not a Business Day, the Last Trading Day shall be the first Business Day following the 15th calendar day of the 
delivery month. 
Option Style: European 
Exercise Method: Automatic 
Exercise Time: 5:30EPT on the Last Trading Day 
Registry: PJM GATS 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
18.E.135 Option on Maryland Solar Renewable Energy Credit Future 
Contract Description: An option on the corresponding month of the Maryland Solar Renewable Energy Credit 
Future. 
Contract Symbol: MDX 
Settlement Method: Exercise into underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size: 1 Maryland Solar Renewable Energy Credit Future contract 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Strike Price Intervals: A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $0.25 above and below the at-the-
money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.25 increments. 
Listing Cycle:  1. Standard-cycle contract listings: Monthly contract sets through the current Year and forward up 
to 10 consecutive Years. 
2. The Exchange may list any other calendar month contract set off the standard-cycle listing 
schedule through the last expiring contract set. 
Last Trading Day: At 4:00 pm EPT on the 15th calendar day of the delivery month. Where the 15th calendar day 
is not a Business Day, the Last Trading Day shall be the first Business Day following the 15th calendar day of the 
delivery month. 
Option Style: European 
Exercise Method: Automatic 
Exercise Time: 5:30EPT on the Last Trading Day 
Registry: PJM GATS 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
18.E.136 Option on Massachusetts Compliance Renewable Energy Certificate Class I Future 
Contract Description: An option on the corresponding month of Massachusetts Compliance Renewable Energy 
Certificate Class I Future. 
Contract Symbol: MCL 
Settlement Method: Exercise into underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size: 1 Massachusetts Compliance Renewable Energy Certificate Class I Future contract 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Strike Price Intervals: A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $0.25 above and below the at-the-
money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.25 increments. 
Listing Cycle:  1. Standard-cycle contract listings: Monthly contract sets through the current Year and forward up 
to 10 consecutive Years. 
2. The Exchange may list any other calendar month contract set off the standard-cycle listing 
schedule through the last expiring contract set. 
Last Trading Day: At 4:00 pm EPT on the 15th calendar day of the delivery month. Where the 15th calendar day 
is not a Business Day, the Last Trading Day shall be the first Business Day following the 15th calendar day of the 
delivery month. 
Option Style: European 
Exercise Method: Automatic 
Exercise Time: 5:30EPT on the Last Trading Day 
Registry: NEPOOL GIS 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 


 
18.E.137 Option on Massachusetts Solar Renewable Energy Certificate Carve Out I Future 
Contract Description: An option on the corresponding month of Massachusetts Solar Renewable Energy 
Certificate Carve Out I Future. 
Contract Symbol: MSF 
Settlement Method: Exercise into underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size: 1 Massachusetts Solar Renewable Energy Certificate Carve Out I Future contract 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fl 
Strike Price Intervals: A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $0.25 above and below the at-the-
money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.25 increments. 
Listing Cycle:  1. Standard-cycle contract listings: Monthly contract sets through the current Year and forward up 
to 10 consecutive Years. 
2. The Exchange may list any other calendar month contract set off the standard-cycle listing 
schedule ast expiring contract set. 
Last Trading Day: At 4:00 pm EPT on the 15th calendar day of the delivery month. Where the 15th calendar day 
is not a Business Day, the Last Trading Day shall be the first Business Day following the 15th calendar day of the 
delivery month. 
Option Style: European 
Exercise Method: Automatic 
Exercise Time: 5:30EPT on the Last Trading Day 
Registry: NEPOOL GIS 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
18.E.138 Option on Massachusetts Solar Renewable Energy Certificate Carve Out II Future 
Contract Description: An option on the corresponding month of Massachusetts Solar Renewable Energy 
Certificate Carve Out II Future. 
Contract Symbol: MS2 
Settlement Method: Exercise into underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size: 1 Massachusetts Solar Renewable Energy Certificate Carve Out II Future contract 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Strike Price Intervals: A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $0.25 above and below the at-the-
money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.25 increments. 
Listing Cycle:  1. Standard-cycle contract listings: Monthly contract sets through the current Year and forward up 
to 10 consecutive Years. 
2. The Exchange may list any other calendar month contract set off the standard-cycle listing 
schedule through the last expiring contract set. 
Last Trading Day: At 4:00 pm EPT on the 15th calendar day of the delivery month. Where the 15th calendar day 
is not a Business Day, the Last Trading Day shall be the first Business Day following the 15th calendar day of the 
delivery month. 
Option Style: European 
Exercise Method: Automatic 
Exercise Time: 5:30EPT on the Last Trading Day 
Registry: NEPOOL GIS 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
18.E.139 Option on New Jersey Compliance Renewable Energy Certificate Class I Future 
Contract Description: An option on the corresponding month of New Jersey Compliance Renewable Energy 
Certificate Class I Future. 
Contract Symbol: NJN 
Settlement Method: Exercise into underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size: 1 New Jersey Compliance Renewable Energy Certificate Class I Future contract 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Strike Price Intervals: A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $0.25 above and below the at-the-
money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.25 increments. 
Listing Cycle:  1. Standard-cycle contract listings: Monthly contract sets through the current Year and forward up 
to 10 consecutive Years. 
2. The Exchange may list any other calendar month contract set off the standard-cycle listing 
schedule through the last expiring contract set. 
Last Trading Day: At 4:00 pm EPT on the 15th calendar day of the delivery month. Where the 15th calendar day 
is not a Business Day, the Last Trading Day shall be the first Business Day following the 15th calendar day of the 
delivery month. 
Option Style: European 
Exercise Method: Automatic 
Exercise Time: 5:30EPT on the Last Trading Day 
Registry: PJM GATS 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
18.E.140 Option on Pennsylvania Compliance Alternative Energy Credit Tier I Future 
Contract Description: An option on the corresponding month of Pennsylvania Compliance Alternative Energy 
Credit Tier I Future. 
Contract Symbol: PAR 
Settlement Method: Exercise into underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size: 1 Pennsylvania Compliance Alternative Energy Credit Tier I Future contract 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Strike Price Intervals: A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $0.25 above and below the at-the-
money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.25 increments. 
Listing Cycle: 1. Standard-cycle contract listings: Monthly contract sets through the current Year and forward up 
to 10 consecutive Years. 
2. The Exchange may list any other calendar month contract set off the standard-cycle listing 
schedule through the last expiring contract set. 
Last Trading Day: At 4:00 pm EPT on the 15th calendar day of the delivery month. Where the 15th calendar day 
is not a Business Day, the Last Trading Day shall be the first Business Day following the 15th calendar day of the 
delivery month. 
Option Style: European 
Exercise Method: Automatic 
Exercise Time: 5:30EPT on the Last Trading Day 
Registry: PJM GATS 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
18.E.141 Option on Pennsylvania Solar Alternative Energy Credit Future 
Contract Description: An option on the corresponding month of Pennsylvania Solar Alternative Energy Credit 
Future. 
Contract Symbol: PAX 
Settlement Method: Exercise into underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size: 1 Pennsylvania Solar Alternative Energy Credit Future contract 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Strike Price Intervals: A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $0.25 above and below the at-the-
money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.25 increments. 
Listing Cycle:  1. Standard-cycle contract listings: Monthly contract sets through the current Year and forward up 
to 10 consecutive Years. 
2. The Exchange may list any other calendar month contract set off the standard-cycle listing 
schedule through the last expiring contract set. 
Last Trading Day: At 4:00 pm EPT on the 15th calendar day of the delivery month. Where the 15th calendar day 
is not a Business Day, the Last Trading Day shall be the first Business Day following the 15th calendar day of the 
delivery month. 
Option Style: European 
Exercise Method: Automatic 
Exercise Time: 5:30EPT on the Last Trading Day 
Registry: PJM GATS 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 


 
18.E.142 Option on PJM NI Hub Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Future 
 
Description: A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the PJM NI Hub Real-Time Peak Fixed 
Price Future 
Contract Symbol: PNL 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day: At 2:30pm EPT on the second Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract 
Period 
Options Style: American 
Exercise Method: Manual; Automatic on Last Trading Day 
Exercise Procedure: Clearing Members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with Clearing Organization Rules. 
Exercise Day: Manual on any Business Day, Automatic on Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions: Options which are "in the money", with respect to Reference Price A, exercise 
automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the Strike Price. Options which 
are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-PJM-NI HUB-REAL TIME-PEAK MONTHLY-ICE 
a) Description: ELECTRICITY-PJM-NI HUB-REAL TIME-PEAK MONTHLY-ICE means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity on ICE of the PJM NI Hub 
Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Futures Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made 
public by ICE on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date: Two Business Days prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
 
c) Specified Price: Settlement Price 
 
d) Pricing calendar: ICE 
 
e) Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
Strike Price Listing Provisions: A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 per MWh above and 
below the at-the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. 
User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments. 


 
MIC: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
18.E.143 Option on PJM NI Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Fixed Price Future 
Description: A monthly Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the PJM NI Hub Real-Time Off-Peak 
Fixed Price Future 
Contract Symbol: NIO 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day: At 2:30pm EPT on the second Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract 
Period 
Options Style: American 
Exercise Method: Manual; Automatic on Last Trading Day 
Exercise Procedure: Clearing Members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with Clearing Organization Rules. 
Exercise Day: Manual on any Business Day, Automatic on Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions: Options which are "in the money", with respect to Reference Price A, exercise 
automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the Strike Price. Options which 
are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-PJM-NI HUB-REAL TIME-OFF-PEAK MONTHLY-ICE 
a) Description: ELECTRICITY-PJM-NI HUB-REAL TIME-OFF-PEAK MONTHLY-ICE means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity on ICE of the PJM NI 
Hub Real-Time Off-Peak Fixed Price Futures Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as 
made public by ICE on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date: Two Business Days prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
 
c) Specified Price: Settlement Price 
 
d) Pricing calendar: ICE 
 
e) Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
Strike Price Listing Provisions: A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 per MWh above and 
below the at-the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. 
User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments. 


 
MIC: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
18.E.144 Option on PJM AEP Dayton Hub Real-Time Peak Calendar Year One Time Fixed Price Future 
Description: An Option on a basket of yearly Contract Periods, January-December, of the Underlying Future 
Contract. For purposes of this Exchange Option, the term “One Time Option” shall mean that the Option will 
exercise into each of the Contract Periods of the Underlying Futures Contract in the basket using a single 
reference price, as defined in Reference Price A 
Contract Symbol: MSC 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 4 consecutive January-December yearly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange 
Last Trading Day: At 2:30pm EPT on the second Friday prior to the first calendar day of the first Contract 
Period in the basket 
Options Style: European 
Exercise Method: Automatic Only 
Exercise Procedure: Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted 
Exercise Day: The Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions: At Exercise Time, options which are “in the money”, with respect to the 
weighted average of the Reference Price A prices, will exercise automatically into twelve Underlying Futures 
Contracts, one for each contract month in the Contract period, with a contract price equal to the Strike Price. The 
weighted average shall be determined by multiplying the Specified Price for each Delivery Date, as specified in 
Reference Price A, by its Weighting Factor to determine the weighted prices, summing the weighted prices, and 
then dividing that sum by the sum of the Weighting Factors. For purposes of this Exchange Option, the 
“Weighting Factor” shall mean a number equal to the number of Pricing Days in the Contract Period of the 
Underlying Futures Contract. Each Contract Period in the basket will have its own Weighting Factor. If the option 
is “out of the money”, then it expires automatically 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-PJM-AEP DAYTON HUB-REAL TIME-PEAK MONTHLY-
ICE 
a) Description: ELECTRICITY-PJM-AEP DAYTON HUB-REAL TIME-PEAK MONTHLY-ICE means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity on ICE of the 
PJM AEP Dayton Hub Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Swap Futures Contract for the Delivery Date, stated 
in U.S. Dollars, as made public by ICE on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date: Second to Last Friday in December preceding the Contract Period 
 
c) Specified Price: Settlement Price 


 
 
d) Pricing calendar: ICE 
 
e) Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
Strike Price Listing Provisions: A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 per MWh above and 
below the at-the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. 
User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments. 
MIC: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
18.E.145 Option on PJM NI Hub Real-Time Peak Calendar Year One Time Fixed Price Future 
Description: An Option on a basket of yearly Contract Periods, January-December, of the Underlying Future 
Contract. For purposes of this Exchange Option, the term “One Time Option” shall mean that the Option will 
exercise into each of the Contract Periods of the Underlying Futures Contract in the basket using a single 
reference price, as defined in Reference Price A 
Contract Symbol: PNK 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 4 consecutive January-December yearly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange 
Last Trading Day: At 2:30pm EPT on the second Friday prior to the first calendar day of the first Contract 
Period in the basket 
Options Style: European 
Exercise Method: Automatic Only 
Exercise Procedure: Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted 
Exercise Day: The Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions: At Exercise Time, options which are “in the money”, with respect to the 
weighted average of the Reference Price A prices, will exercise automatically into twelve Underlying Futures 
Contracts, one for each contract month in the Contract period, with a contract price equal to the Strike Price. The 
weighted average shall be determined by multiplying the Specified Price for each Delivery Date, as specified in 
Reference Price A, by its Weighting Factor to determine the weighted prices, summing the weighted prices, and 
then dividing that sum by the sum of the Weighting Factors. For purposes of this Exchange Option, the 
“Weighting Factor” shall mean a number equal to the number of Pricing Days in the Contract Period of the 
Underlying Futures Contract. Each Contract Period in the basket will have its own Weighting Factor. If the option 
is “out of the money”, then it expires automatically 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-PJM-NI HUB-REAL TIME-PEAK MONTHLY-ICE 
a) Description: ELECTRICITY-PJM-NI HUB-REAL TIME-PEAK MONTHLY-ICE means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity on ICE of the PJM NI Hub 
Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Swap Futures Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made 
public by ICE on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date: Second to Last Friday in December preceding the Contract Period 
 
c) Specified Price: Settlement Price 
 


 
d) Pricing calendar: ICE 
 
e) Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
Strike Price Listing Provisions: A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 per MWh above and 
below the at-the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. 
User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments. 
MIC: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 
 


 
18.E.146 Option on ISO New England Massachusetts Hub Day-Ahead Peak Calendar Year One Time 
Fixed Price Future 
Description: An Option on a basket of yearly Contract Periods, January-December, of the Underlying Future 
Contract. For purposes of this Exchange Option, the term “One Time Option” shall mean that the Option will 
exercise into each of the Contract Periods of the Underlying Futures Contract in the basket using a single 
reference price, as defined in Reference Price A 
Contract Symbol: NEN 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 4 consecutive January-December yearly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange 
Last Trading Day: At 2:30pm EPT on the second Friday prior to the first calendar day of the first Contract 
Period in the basket 
Options Style: European 
Exercise Method: Automatic Only 
Exercise Procedure: Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted 
Exercise Day: The Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions: At Exercise Time, options which are “in the money”, with respect to the 
weighted average of the Reference Price A prices, will exercise automatically into twelve Underlying Futures 
Contracts, one for each contract month in the Contract period, with a contract price equal to the Strike Price. The 
weighted average shall be determined by multiplying the Specified Price for each Delivery Date, as specified in 
Reference Price A, by its Weighting Factor to determine the weighted prices, summing the weighted prices, and 
then dividing that sum by the sum of the Weighting Factors. For purposes of this Exchange Option, the 
“Weighting Factor” shall mean a number equal to the number of Pricing Days in the Contract Period of the 
Underlying Futures Contract. Each Contract Period in the basket will have its own Weighting Factor. If the option 
is “out of the money”, then it expires automatically 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-MASS HUB-DAY AHEAD-PEAK 
MONTHLY-ICE 
a) Description: "ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-MASS HUB-DAY AHEAD-PEAK MONTHLY-
ICE" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity on 
ICE of the ISO New England Massachusetts Hub Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Futures Contract for the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by ICE on that Pricing Date 
 
b) Pricing Date: Second to Last Friday in December preceding the Contract Period 
 


 
c) Specified Price: Settlement Price 
 
d) Pricing calendar: ICE 
 
e) Delivery Date: Contract Period 
 
Strike Price Listing Provisions: A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 per MWh above and 
below the at-the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. 
User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments. 
MIC: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
18.E.147 Henry Cal 1X Fixed Price Options  
Description: An Option on a basket of yearly Contract Periods, January-December, of the Underlying Futures 
Contract. For purposes of this Exchange Option, the term "One Time Option" shall mean that the Option will 
exercise into each of the Contract Periods of the Underlying Futures Contract in the basket using a single 
reference price, as defined in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol: HHA 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size: 2,500 MMBtus 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be one hundredth of cent ($0.0001) per 
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 10 consecutive January - December yearly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by 
the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day: At 2:30pm EPT on the sixth Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the first Contract 
Period in the basket 
Option Style: European 
Exercise Method: Automatic only 
Exercise Procedure: Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted 
Exercise Day: The Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions: Options which are "in the money", with respect to the weighted average of the 
Reference Price A prices, will exercise automatically into twelve Underlying Futures Contracts, one for each 
contract month in the Contract Period, with a contract price equal to the Strike Price. The weighted average shall 
be determined by multiplying the Specified Price for each Delivery Date, as specified in Reference Price A, by its 
Weighting Factor to determine the weighted prices, summing the weighted prices, and then dividing that sum by 
the sum of the Weighting Factors.  
For purposes of this Exchange Option, the "Weighting Factor" shall mean a number equal to the number of 
calendar days in the Contract Period of the Underlying Futures Contract. Each Contract Period in the basket will 
have its own Weighting Factor.  
If the option is "out of the money", then it expires automatically. 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NATURAL GAS-NYMEX 
a) Description: "NATURAL GAS-NYMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date: Three Business Days prior to the last scheduled trading day of the NYMEX Henry Hub 
Natural Gas Futures Contract for the Contract Period in the basket 


 
 
c) Specified Price: Settlement Price 
 
d) Pricing calendar: NYMEX 
 
e) Delivery Date: Each Contract Period in the basket 
 
Strike Price Listing: A minimum of 10 Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 per MMBtu above and below the at-
the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.001 increments. 
MIC: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
18.E.148 Option on California Carbon Allowance Future Vintage (Futures Style Margining) 
Description: A Futures Style Margin (FSM) Option on the corresponding month of the California Carbon 
Allowance Future. 
Contract Symbol:  
FSF: Vintage 2020; FSG: Vintage 2021; FSH: Vintage 2022; FSI: Vintage 2023; CB4: 
Vintage 2024; CB5: Vintage 2025 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size: 1 California Carbon Allowances Futures 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per 
Allowance; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 
18. 
Listing Cycle:  1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar month it 
determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years.  
2. The Standard Cycle is: January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, September, 
October, November and December 
Strike Price Intervals: A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $0.05 above and below the at-the-
money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments 
Last Trading Day: At 4:00 pm EPT on the 15th calendar day of the delivery month. Where the 15th calendar day 
is not a Business Day, the Last Trading Day shall be the first Business Day following the 15th calendar day of the 
delivery month. 
Option Style: European 
Option Premium: Futures Style 
Exercise Method: Automatic 
Exercise procedure: Clearing Members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with the Clearing Organization rules 
Exercise time: 5:30 pm EPT on the Last Trading Day 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 


 
18.E.149 Option on NYISO Zone J Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Future 
Description: A monthly option on the corresponding Contract Period of the NYISO Zone J Day-Ahead Peak 
Fixed Price Future. 
Contract Symbol: NJY 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 50 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Last Trading Day: At 2:30pm EPT on the second Business Day prior to the first calendar day of the Contract 
Period 
Options Style: American 
Exercise Method: Manual; Automatic on Last Trading Day 
Exercise Procedure: Clearing Members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with Clearing Organization Rules. 
Exercise Day: Manual on any Business Day, Automatic on Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions: Options which are "in the money", with respect to Reference Price A, exercise 
automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the Strike Price. Options which 
are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE J (HUD VL)-DAY AHEAD-PEAK MONTHLY-
ICE 
a) Description: "ELECTRICITY-NYISO ZONE J-DAY AHEAD-PEAK MONTHLY-ICE" means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity on ICE of the NYISO 
ZONE J Day-Ahead Peak Fixed Price Swap Futures Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, as made public by ICE on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date: Two Business Days prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period 
c) Specified Price: Settlement Price 
d) Pricing calendar: ICE 
e) Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Strike Price Listing Provisions: A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 per MWh above and 
below the at-the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. 
User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments. 
 


 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
  
 
 


 
18.E.150 Option on NYISO Zone J Day-Ahead Peak Daily Fixed Price Future 
Description: A daily Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the NYISO Zone G Day-Ahead Peak Daily 
Fixed Price Future. 
Contract Symbol: JDP 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size: 800 MWh 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange, 
excluding Saturday, Sundays and NERC Holidays 
Last Trading Day: At the end of the Trading Session on the last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Options Style: European 
Exercise Method: Automatic Only 
Exercise Procedure: Manual exercise or Abandon is not Permitted 
Exercise Day: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions: Options which are "in the money", with respect to Reference Price A, exercise 
automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the Strike Price. Options which 
are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE J (N.Y.C.)-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description: "ELECTRICITY-NYISO-ZONE J (N.Y.C.)-DAY AHEAD" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
which Specified Price will be the Specified Price for each hour during the Delivery Period, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published by the NYISO at http://www.nyiso.com/public/oasis/index.html, under the headings " 
Pricing Data: Day Ahead Market LBMP: Zonal: N.Y.C. 61761: LBMP ($/MWhr)" or any successor 
headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price: Average of LBMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d) Pricing calendar: NYISO 
e) Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Strike Price Listing Provisions: A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 per MWh above and 
below the at-the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. 
User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments. 
 


 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
18.E.151 Option on ERCOT North 345KV Hub Real-Time Peak Calendar Year One Time Fixed Price 
Future 
Contract Description: An Option on a basket of yearly Contract Periods, January-December, of the Underlying 
Future Contract. For purposes of this Exchange Option, the term “One Time Option” shall mean that the Option 
will exercise into each of the Contract Periods of the Underlying Futures Contract in the basket using a single 
reference price, as defined in Reference Price A 
Contract Symbol: EX1 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size: 1 MW 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 4 consecutive January-December yearly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange 
Last Trading Day: At 2:30pm EPT on the second Friday prior to the first calendar day of the first Contract 
Period in the basket 
Option Style: European 
Exercise Method: Automatic only 
Exercise Procedure: Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted 
Exercise Day: The Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions: At Exercise Time, options which are “in the money”, with respect to the 
weighted average of the Reference Price A prices, will exercise automatically into twelve Underlying Futures 
Contracts, one for each contract month in the Contract period, with a contract price equal to the Strike Price. The 
weighted average shall be determined by multiplying the Specified Price for each Delivery Date, as specified in 
Reference Price A, by its Weighting Factor to determine the weighted prices, summing the weighted prices, and 
then dividing that sum by the sum of the Weighting Factors. For purposes of this Exchange Option, the 
“Weighting Factor” shall mean a number equal to the number of Pricing Days in the Contract Period of the 
Underlying Futures Contract. Each Contract Period in the basket will have its own Weighting Factor. If the option 
is “out of the money”, then it expires automatically 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH 345KV HUB-REAL TIME-PEAK 
MONTHLY-ICE 
a) Description: " ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH 345KV HUB-REAL TIME-PEAK MONTHLY-ICE" 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity on ICE of 


 
the ERCOT North 345KV Real-Time Peak Fixed Price Futures Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, as made public by ICE on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date: Second to Last Friday in December preceding the Contract Period 
c) Specified Price: Settlement Price 
d) Pricing calendar: ICE 
e) Delivery Date: Each Contract Period in the basket 
Strike Price Listing: A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 per MWh above and below the at-
the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-Defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments. 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 


 
18.E.152 Option on ERCOT North 345KV Hub Real-Time Peak Daily Mini Fixed Price Future 
Description: A daily Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the ERCOT North 345 KV Hub Real-Time 
Peak Daily Mini Look Back Fixed Price Future. 
Contract Symbol: ERA 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size: 16 MWh 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange, 
excluding Saturday, Sundays and NERC Holidays 
Last Trading Day: For Monday through Friday Contract Periods, excluding NERC holidays, if the following 
calendar day is a Business Day, the Business Day following the Contract Period with a closing time of 11:00pm 
EPT the night before; If the following calendar day is not a Business Day, the Business Day equal to the Contract 
Period with a closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session For each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday 
Contract Period, the last Business Day prior to the Contract Period with a closing time equal to the end of the 
Trading Session. 
Options Style: European 
Exercise Method: Automatic Only 
Exercise Procedure: Manual exercise or Abandon is not Permitted 
Exercise Day: The sixth Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions: Options which are "in the money", with respect to Reference Price A, exercise 
automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the Strike Price. Options which 
are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH 345KV HUB-REAL TIME 
a) Description: "ELECTRICITY-ERCOT-NORTH 345KV HUB-REAL TIME" means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ERCOT at http://www.ercot.com/content/cdr/html/real_time_spp 
b) Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price: Average of SPPs for all hours ending 0700-2200 CPT 
d) Pricing calendar: ERCOT 


 
e) Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Strike Price Listing Provisions: A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 per MWh above and 
below the at-the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. 
User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments. 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 


 
18.E.153 Option on ISO New England Massachusetts Day-Ahead Peak Daily Mini Fixed Price Future  
Description: A daily Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the ISO New England Massachusetts Hub 
Day-Ahead Peak Daily Mini Fixed Price Future. 
Contract Symbol: NEZ 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size: 16 MWh 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange, 
excluding Saturday, Sundays and NERC Holidays 
Last Trading Day: At the end of the Trading Session on the last Business Day prior to the Contract Period 
Options Style: European 
Exercise Method: Automatic Only 
Exercise Procedure: Manual exercise or Abandon is not Permitted 
Exercise Day: The third Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions: Options which are "in the money", with respect to Reference Price A, exercise 
automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the Strike Price. Options which 
are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-MASS HUB-DAY AHEAD 
a) Description: "ELECTRICITY-ISO NEW ENGLAND-MASS HUB-DAY AHEAD" means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by the ISO New England at http://www.iso-ne.com/markets, under 
the headings "Hourly Data: Selectable Hourly LMP Data: 4000_:_.H.INTERNAL_HUB: Start Date/End 
Date: LMP prices for Day-ahead and Real-time: Day Ahead LMP" or any successor headings, that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price: Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 
d) Pricing calendar: ISO New England 
e) Delivery Date: Contract Period 


 
Strike Price Listing Provisions: A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 per MWh above and 
below the at-the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. 
User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments. 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
18.E.154 Option on PJM Western Hub Real-Time Peak Daily Fixed Price Future  
Contract Description: A daily Option on the corresponding Contract Period of the PJM Western Hub Real-Time 
Peak Daily Fixed Price Future. 
Contract Symbol: PWA 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size: 16 MWh 
Currency: USD 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be one cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
Listing Cycle: Up to 365 consecutive daily Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange, 
excluding Saturday, Sundays and NERC Holidays 
Last Trading Day: For Monday through Friday Contract Periods, excluding NERC holidays, if the following 
calendar day is a Business Day, the Business Day following the Contract Period with a closing time of 11:00pm 
EPT the night before; If the following calendar day is not a Business Day, the Business Day equal to the Contract 
Period with a closing time equal to the end of the Trading Session For each Saturday, Sunday, and NERC holiday 
Contract Period, the last Business Day prior to the Contract Period with a closing time equal to the end of the 
Trading Session. 
Option Style: European 
Exercise Method: Automatic Only 
Exercise Procedure: Manual exercise or Abandon is not Permitted 
Exercise Day: The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise Provisions: Options which are "in the money", with respect to Reference Price A, exercise 
automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price equal to the Strike Price. Options which 
are "out of the money" expire automatically. 
REFERENCE PRICE A: ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-REAL TIME 
a) Description: "ELECTRICITY-PJM-WESTERN HUB-REAL TIME" means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day's Specified Price per MWh of electricity for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published by the PJM at http://www.pjm.com/markets/energy-market/real-time.html, under 
the headings "Daily Real-Time LMP: Daily Real-Time Locational Marginal Pricing Files: WESTERN 
HUB" or any successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price: Average of LMPs for all hours ending 0800-2300 EPT 


 
d) Pricing calendar: PJM 
e) Delivery Date: Contract Period 
Strike Price Listing: A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $1.00 per MWh above and below the at-
the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments. 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
18.E.155 Option on Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative Future Vintage 2022 (Futures Style Margining) 
 
Description: A Futures Style Margin (FSM) Option on the corresponding month of the Regional Greenhouse Gas 
Initiative Future 
 
Contract Symbol: RHA: Vintage 2022, RHB: Vintage 2023, Vintage 2024: RJ4 
 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
 
Contract Size: 1 Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative Futures Contract 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per RGGI CO2 
Allowance; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 
18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  
1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar 
month it determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years. 
 
2. The Standard Cycle is: January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, 
September, October, November and December 
 
Strike Price Intervals: A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $0.05 above and below the at-the-
money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments 
 
Last Trading Day: At 4:00 pm EPT on the 15th calendar day of the delivery month. Where the 15th calendar day 
is not a Business Day, the Last Trading Day shall be the first Business Day following the 15th calendar day of the 
delivery month. 
 
Options Style: European 
 
Options Premium: Futures Style 
 
Exercise: Automatic 
 
Exercise Procedure: Clearing Members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with the Clearing Organization rules 
 
Exercise Time: 5:30 pm EPT on the Last Trading Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
18.E.156 Option on PJM Tri Qualified Renewable Energy Certificate Class I Future (Futures Style 
Margining) 
 
Description: The Options Contract is a Futures Style Margin (FSM) option on the PJM Tri-Qualified Renewable 
Energy Certificate Class I Futures Contract. At expiry, one lot of Options will exercise into one lot of Futures 
with the corresponding strip. 
 
Contract Symbol: RHC 
 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
 
Contract Size: 1 PJM Tri Qualified Renewable Energy Certificate contract 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  
1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar 
month it determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years. 
 
2. The Standard Cycle is: January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, 
September, October, November and December 
 
Strike Price Intervals: A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $0.05 above and below the at-the-
money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments. 
 
Last Trading Day: At 4:00 pm EPT on the 15th calendar day of the delivery month. Where the 15th calendar day 
is not a Business Day, the Last Trading Day shall be the first Business Day following the 15th calendar day of the 
delivery month. 
 
Options Style: European 
 
Options Premium: Futures Style 
 
Exercise: Automatic 
 
Exercise Procedure: Clearing Members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with the Clearing Organization rules 
 
Exercise Time: 5:30 pm EPT on the Last Trading Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
18.E.157 One Year Mid-Curve Option on PJM Tri Qualified Renewable Energy Certificate Class I Future 
(Futures Style Margining) 
 
Description: The Options Contract is a Futures Style Margin (FSM) option on the PJM Tri-Qualified Renewable 
Energy Certificate Class I Futures Contract. At expiry, one lot of Options will exercise into one lot of Futures 
with a strip that is 1 year later. 
 
Contract Symbol: RHD 
 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
 
Contract Size: 1 PJM Tri Qualified Renewable Energy Certificate contract 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  
1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar 
month it determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years. 
 
2. The Standard Cycle is: January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, 
September, October, November and December 
 
Strike Price Intervals: A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $0.05 above and below the at-the-
money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments. 
 
Last Trading Day: At 4:00 pm EPT on the 15th calendar day of the delivery month. Where the 15th calendar day 
is not a Business Day, the Last Trading Day shall be the first Business Day following the 15th calendar day of the 
delivery month. 
 
Options Style: European 
 
Options Premium: Futures Style 
 
Exercise: Automatic 
 
Exercise Procedure: Clearing Members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with the Clearing Organization rules 
 
Exercise Time: 5:30 pm EPT on the Last Trading Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
18.E.158 Two Year Mid-Curve Option on PJM Tri Qualified Renewable Energy Certificate Class I Future 
(Futures Style Margining) 
 
Description: The Options Contract is a Futures Style Margin (FSM) option on the PJM Tri-Qualified Renewable 
Energy Certificate Class I Futures Contract. At expiry, one lot of Options will exercise into one lot of Futures 
with a strip that is 2 year later. 
 
Contract Symbol: RHE 
 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
 
Contract Size: 1 PJM Tri qualified renewable energy credit contract 
 
Currency: USD 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per MWh; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18. 
 
Listing Cycle:  
1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar 
month it determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years. 
 
2. The Standard Cycle is: January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, 
September, October, November and December 
 
Strike Price Intervals: A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $0.05 above and below the at-the-
money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments. 
 
Last Trading Day: At 4:00 pm EPT on the 15th calendar day of the delivery month. Where the 15th calendar day 
is not a Business Day, the Last Trading Day shall be the first Business Day following the 15th calendar day of the 
delivery month. 
 
Options Style: European 
 
Options Premium: Futures Style 
 
Exercise: Automatic 
 
Exercise Procedure: Clearing Members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with the Clearing Organization rules 
 
Exercise Time: 5:30 pm EPT on the Last Trading Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
18.E.159 Option on California Low Carbon Fuel Standard Credit (OPIS) Future 
 
Description: An Option on the corresponding month of the California Low Carbon Fuel Standard Credit (OPIS) 
Future (LFS) 
 
Contract Symbol: LFT 
 
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract  
 
Contract Size: 1 California Low Carbon Fuel Standard Credit (OPIS) Future contract  
 
Currency: USD  
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One cent ($0.01) per Credit; minimum 
price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 18.  
 
Listing Cycle:  1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar month it 
determines for the current year and forward for up to 5 years.   
  
2. The Standard Cycle is: January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, September, 
October, November and December  
 
Strike Price Intervals: A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $0.25 above and below the at-the-
money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.25 increments. 
 
Last Trading Day: At 4:00 pm EPT on the 15th calendar day of the expiring month. Where the 15th calendar day 
is not a Business Day, the Last Trading Day shall be the first Business Day following the 15th calendar day of the 
expiring month.  
 
Option Style: European  
 
Option Premium: Futures Style  
 
Exercise Method: Automatic  
 
Exercise procedure: Clearing Members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with the Clearing Organization rules  
 
Exercise time: 5:30 pm EPT on the Last Trading Day  
 
MIC Code: IFED  
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
18.E.160 Option on Washington Carbon Allowance Vintage 2024 Future   
Description: A Futures Style Margin (FSM) Option on the corresponding month of the Washington Carbon 
Allowance Future.  
Contract Symbol: WCB: Vintage 2024  
Settlement Method: Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract  
Contract Size: 1 Washington Carbon Allowances Futures  
Currency: USD  
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per 
Allowance; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this Chapter 
18.  
Listing Cycle: 1. The Exchange may list monthly contracts in the Standard Cycle or any other calendar month it 
determines for the current year and forward for up to ten years.   
2. The Standard Cycle is: January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, September, October, 
November and December  
Strike Price Intervals: A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $0.05 above and below the at-the-
money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.05 increments.  
Last Trading Day: At 4:00 pm EPT on the 15th calendar day of the delivery month. Where the 15th calendar day 
is not a Business Day, the Last Trading Day shall be the first Business Day following the 15th calendar day of the 
delivery month.  
Option Style: European  
Option Premium: Futures Style  
Exercise Method: Automatic  
Exercise Procedure: Clearing Members shall provide exercise and abandon instructions to the Clearing 
Organization in accordance with the Clearing Organization rules  
Exercise Time: 5:30 pm EPT on the Last Trading Day  
Registry: Washington CITSS Registry  
MIC Code: IFED  
Clearing Venue: IFEU 


Subchapter 18F - LNG
Futures Contracts
Rule
Subject
18.F.001
Gulf Coast LNG (Platts) Future
18.F.002
JKM LNG (Platts) Future


18.F.001 Gulf Coast LNG (Platts) Future
Contract Description: A monthly cash settled Future based upon the monthly price published by Platts
for the location specified in Reference Price A.
Contract Symbol: GCL
Settlement Method: Cash Settlement
Contract Size: 10,000 MMBtus
Currency: USD
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One tenth of a cent ($0.001) per
MMBtu; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 1 to this
Chapter 18.
Listing Cycle: Up to 72 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the
Exchange
Last Trading Day: Three Business Days prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period
Reference Price A: PLATTS FOB GULF COAST MARKER (GCM)
a)
Description: "PLATTS GULF COAST MARKER (GCM)" means that the price for a Pricing
Date will be that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas for delivery on the Delivery
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "PLATTS DAILY LNG MARKERS
($/MMBtu): FOB Gulf Coast Marker (GCM)" in the issue of LNG Daily that reports prices
effective on that Pricing Date.
b) Pricing Date: Three Business Days prior to the first calendar day of the Contract Period
c)
Specified Price: Settlement Price
d) Pricing calendar: ICE
e)
Delivery Date: Contract Period
Final Payment Date: The first Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day


18. F.002
JKM LNG (Platts) Future
Contract Description
A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the
mathematical average of daily prices specified in Reference Price A.
Contract Symbol
JKL
Settlement Method
Cash Settlement
Contract Size
10,000 MMBtu
Currency
USD
Minimum Price
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per MMBtu
Fluctuation
Listing Cycle
Up to 60 consecutive months
Last Trading Day
The 15th calendar day of the calendar month prior to the Contract Period.
If the 15th calendar day is not a business day (as defined below), then
trading shall cease on the next preceding business day.
Reference Price A
PLATTS LNG Japan/Korea (JKM)
a) Description “Platts LNG Japan/Korea Marker (JKM)” means that the price for a Pricing Date
will be that day’s Specified Price per MMBtu of natural gas for delivery on the Delivery Date,
stated in U.S. Dollars, published in “Platts LNG Daily” under the heading “Platts daily LNG
markers ($/MMBtu” subheading “DES Japan/Korea Marker (JKM)” for “JKM (month)” or any
successor headings, that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date.
b) Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date.
c)
Specified Price: Index
d) Pricing Calendar: Platts LNG Daily
e)
Delivery Date: Contract Period
Final Payment Date: Two Clearing Organization Business Days following the Last Trading Day
Final Settlement Price: Average of Reference Price A prices
Business days: Publication days for Platts LNG Daily


ICE Futures U.S.®, Inc. 
 
OIL FUTURES AND RELATED OPTION CONTRACTS 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Rule 
 
19.00 
Scope 
19.01 
Definitions 
19.02 
Obligations of Option Purchasers 
19.03 
Obligations of Option Grantors 
19.04 
Exercise of Options 
19.05 
Open Interest in Oil Contracts 
 
RESOLUTIONS 
 
No. 1 
Minimum Price Fluctuation Table 
No. 2 
Oil Contract Position Limits 
 
 
SUBCHAPTERS 
(Contract Terms and Conditions) 
 
Subchapter A 
Outright-Crude Oil and Refined Products 
Subchapter B 
Cracks-Crude Oil and Refined Products 
Subchapter C 
Differential Futures Contracts - Crude Oil and Refined Products 
Subchapter D 
Natural Gas Liquids 
Subchapter F 
Options 
Subchapter G 
Petrochemicals 
 
 


CHAPTER 19 
OIL FUTURES AND RELATED OPTIONS CONTRACTS 
 
 
Rule 19.00 
Scope 
(a) Each Futures Contract and Related Options Contract (collectively, “Oil Contracts”) shall include 
the relevant terms and conditions set out in the applicable Subchapter of this Chapter 19. All 
times specified in this Chapter 19 shall refer to the prevailing time in New York City, referred to 
in these Rules as “EPT”.  
(b) The Clearing Organization for all Oil Contracts referred to in this Chapter 19 shall be ICE Clear 
Europe.  
(c) The procedures for trading, clearing, settlement, exercise, and any other matters not specifically 
covered in this Chapter 19 (or in any relevant Subchapter) shall be governed by the Rules of the 
Exchange and the Clearing Organization Rules.  In the event of any inconsistency between an 
Exchange Rule and any provision of this Chapter 19, the provisions of this Chapter shall prevail.   
Rule 19.01 
Definitions 
The following capitalized terms shall have the meanings ascribed to them below: 
Argus Americas Biofuels 
shall mean the Argus Americas Biofuels 
report, or any successor publication, published 
by Argus Media Limited or its successor. 
Argus Crude 
 
shall mean the Argus Crude report, or any 
successor publication, published by Argus 
Media Limited or its successor. 
Argus International LPG 
shall mean the Argus International LPG 
report, or any successor publication, published 
by Argus Media Limited or its successor. 
Average Price Option or APO 
 
shall mean an option contract whose value is 
determined by a mathematical average of 
prices over a specific period of time. 
Clearing House Business Day 
shall mean a day on which the Clearing 
Organization is open for business. 
Common Pricing 
shall mean that no date will be used as a 
pricing date under the terms of the relevant 
Commodity Contract unless such date is a day 
on which all commodity reference prices for 
such contract are scheduled to be published or 
announced.  “Non-Common Pricing” will be 
construed accordingly.   
Ethylene Daily Asia 
 
shall mean the Ethylene Daily Asia report, or 
any successor publication, published by 
I.C.I.S. or its successor. 
 


Fastmarkets 
shall mean Fastmarkets Limited, or its 
successor. 
ICE-NGX 
 
shall mean the Natural Gas Exchange Inc., or 
its successor, which reports market prices on 
its website at www.ngx.com or its successor. 
 
ICE-NGX Crude Oil Markets 
 
 
shall mean the Natural Gas Exchange Inc. 
crude oil markets prices report, or any 
successor publication, published by the 
Natural Gas Exchange Inc., or its successor. 
I.C.I.S. 
 
shall mean the Independent Commodity 
Intelligence Services or its successor. 
NYMEX 
 
shall mean the New York Mercantile 
Exchange, Inc. or its successor. 
OPIS 
shall mean the Oil Price Information Service, 
or any successor publication, published by Oil 
Price Information Service, a division of UCG, 
or its successor. 
OPIS Carbon Market Report 
Shall mean the OPIS Carbon Market Report, 
or any successor publication, published by Oil 
Price Information Service or its successor. 
Platts 
Asia-Pacific 
or 
Platts 
Asia-
Pacific/Arab Gulf Marketscan 
shall mean Platts Asia-Pacific/Arab Gulf 
Marketscan, or any successor publication, 
published by The McGraw-Hill Companies 
Inc. or its successor. 
Platts Crude Oil Marketwire 
shall mean Platts Crude Oil Marketwire, or 
any successor publication, published by The 
McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. or its successor. 
Platts European or Platts European 
Marketscan 
shall mean Platts European Marketscan, or 
any successor publication, published by The 
McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. or its successor. 
Platts US Marketscan 
shall mean Platts US Marketscan, or any 
successor publication, published by The 
McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. or its successor. 
Tonne 
shall mean a metric tonne. 
 
Amended by the Board November 26, 2021; effective December 13, 2021. 
Amended by the Board March 11, 2022; effective March 28, 2022. 
Amended by the Board September 8, 2023; effective September 25, 2023. 
Rule 19.02 Obligations of Option Purchasers 
      (a) The Purchaser which clears an Option shall pay in full the Premium to the Clearing Organization 
on the Business Day following the purchase of an Option in accordance with the Clearing Organization 
Rules regarding the settlement of Commodity Contracts. 
(b) The Purchaser of an Option shall, upon exercising such Option in accordance with the Rules and  
Clearing Organization Rules, enter into a long position (in the case of a Call Option) or a short position 
(in the case of a Put Option) in the Underlying Futures Contract deliverable in the Option Contract 


Period, at the Strike Price specified in such Option, in accordance with the Clearing Organization Rules; 
provided, however, that any such contract entered into upon exercise shall be entered into for the account 
of the Person having purchased the Option. 
 
Rule 19.03 Obligations of Option Grantors 
(a) The Grantor which clears an Option shall make such Margin deposits as the Clearing Organization 
may require. 
 (b) The Grantor of an Option shall, upon being assigned an Exercise Notice in accordance with the 
Clearing Organization Rules, enter into a short position (in the case of a Call Option) or a long position 
(in the case of a Put Option) in the Underlying Futures Contract deliverable in the Option Contract 
Period,  at the Strike Price specified in such Option, in accordance with the Clearing Organization Rules; 
provided, however, that any such contract entered into upon assignment of an Exercise Notice shall be 
entered into for the account of the Person having granted the Option. 
 
Rule 19.04 Exercise of Options 
(a) All exercises of Options shall be made through the Clearing Organization, in accordance with 
these Rules and the Clearing Organization Rules. Options shall not be transferred, assigned or otherwise 
disposed of other than on the Exchange, subject to the Rules and the Clearing Organization Rules. 
      (b) The contract specifications for each Option contained in this Chapter 19 specify the exercise 
method of the respective Option.  
 (c) For any Option that is subject to automatic exercise as set forth in the Rules for such Option, 
exercise will occur in accordance with such Rules and the Clearing Organization Rules (unless a Clearing 
Member is permitted under the Rules to elect that such automatic exercise will not occur and so elects 
under the Rules). For purposes of automatic exercise and abandonment of an Option, any Option at a 
Strike Price that is equal to the Settlement Price of the Underlying Futures Contract (or, if applicable, the 
relevant reference price for the Option under the Rules) shall be treated as “out of the money”. 
(d) For any Option that is permitted to be manually exercised or abandoned as set forth in the Rules: 
 
 
(i)  any Clearing Member who has, or carries accounts for others that have, an open long position 
in such an Option on any Business Day that the Option is traded and is exercisable under the Rules 
(other than the Last Trading Day) may issue an Exercise Notice with respect to each open position not 
later than noon EPT on such Business Day; and 
 (ii) On the Last Trading Day, any Clearing Member which has, or carries accounts for others 
which have, an open long position in the expiring Option may issue an Exercise Notice with respect 
to each open position not later than 4:30 EPT unless otherwise specified in the terms and conditions 
for a particular Option in Subchapter 19F of this Chapter 19. 
(e) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if issuance of a final Settlement Price of the Underlying Futures 
Contract is delayed beyond the last Exercise Day of an Option, then long Option positions shall be 
exercisable (in accordance with the methods specified in the rules of each Option) using a price 
determined and published by the Exchange on the basis of market information known to the Exchange 
and deemed reliable. 
Rule 19.05 Open Interest in Oil Contracts 
(a) Each Clearing Member shall report its open interest in Oil Contracts (separately by proprietary 
and Customer account) to the Clearing Organization by the close of business (or such other time as the 
Clearing Organization  may specify) on each Exchange Business Day. On each Exchange Business Day, 


each Clearing Member shall report to the Clearing Organization by the time specified by the Exchange or 
the Clearing Organization, any adjustments to be made in the open interest reported on the previous 
Business Day. The open interest so reported and adjusted shall be used by the Exchange for the purpose 
of publishing the open interest in all outstanding Oil Contracts.  
 (b) If the account of any Customer carried by a Clearing Member (other than on an omnibus basis) 
has a long and short position in the same contract month or period, the Clearing Member must determine, 
in accordance with applicable law, whether such positions should be reported on a net basis or a gross 
basis.  If the account of any Customer carried by a Clearing Member (other than on an omnibus basis) or 
if any proprietary account of a Clearing Member has a long and short position in the same contract month 
or period  in Commodity Contracts which are identical except for the size of the unit of trading and which 
are identified by the Clearing Organization as fungible, the Clearing Member may cause the positions to 
be offset and report as open interest only the net position of such customer or proprietary account for the 
Commodity Contract in which a position remains. 
(c) If a Clearing Member discovers an error in any report made pursuant to this Rule 19.05, such 
Clearing Member shall as soon as practicable submit to the Clearing Organization and the Exchange a 
correction and a written statement as to how the error occurred. 
(d) Positions which have been reported on a net basis may not be re-opened other than by trading, 
unless authorized by the Exchange in writing. 
 
Resolution No. 1-Minimum Price Fluctuation Table 
 
The minimum price fluctuations applicable to Oil Contracts shall be found here:  
https://www.theice.com/publicdocs/IFUS_Oil_Minimum_Price_Fluctuation.xlsx  
 
 
Resolution No. 2 – Position Limit/Accountability Table 
The position limit/accountability levels and reportable levels applicable to Oil Contracts 
shall be found here:  
https://www.theice.com/publicdocs/otc/advisory_notices/IFUS_Energy_Position_Limit_Accountability_
and_Reportable_Levels.xlsx 
 
 
Resolution No. 1 and Resolution No. 2 were amended March 19, 2018; with the addition of two new oil 
futures contracts and eight new oil option contracts. 
Resolution No. 1 and Resolution No. 2 were amended September 17, 2018, with the addition of four new oil 
futures contracts, two new natural gas liquid contracts and one new crude oil and refined products contract. 


Resolution No. 1 and Resolution No. 2 were amended March 4, 2019, with the addition of one new outright-
crude oil and refined products and two new differential futures contracts - crude oil and refined 
products futures contracts. 
Resolution No. 1 and Resolution No. 2 were amended April 8, 2019, with the addition of  four new outright-
crude oil and refined products and four new differential futures contracts - crude oil and refined 
products futures contracts. 
Resolution No. 1 and Resolution No. 2 were amended July 29, 2019 with the addition of five new outright-
crude oil and refined futures and option products, three new cracks-crude oil and refined future products, 
and  seven new differential futures contracts  
Resolution No.1 and Resolution No. 2 were amended September 16, 2019 with the addition of five new 
outright crude oil and refined futures products, three new differential futures contracts, and one option 
contract. 
Resolution No. 1 and Resolution No. 2 were amended December 7, 2020 with the addition of one new outright 
crude oil and refined futures products, two new different futures contracts and two new natural gas liquids 
contracts. 
Resolution No. 1 and Resolution No. 2 were amended December 13, 2021 with the addition of two new 
Natural gas liquids and two new petrochemical futures contracts. 
 
Resolution No. 1 and Resolution No. 2 were amended January 18, 2022 with the addition of two new 
petrochemical futures contracts. 
 
Resolution No. 1 and Resolution No. 2 were amended March 28, 2022 with the addition of two new Outright 
Crude Oil and Refined Products Futures, four new differential futures and, five new natural gas liquid 
futures Contracts. 
Resolution No. 1 and Resolution No. 2 were amended July 11, 2022 with the addition of fourteen new 
Outright Crude Oil and Refined Products Futures, five new Differential Futures, one new Natural Gas 
Liquids and one option contract.   
 
Resolution No. 1 and Resolution No. 2 were amended October 10, 2022 with the addition of one new 
petrochemical futures contracts. 
 
Resolution No. 1 and Resolution No. 2 were amended November 14, 2022 with the addition of two new 
outright crude oil and refined futures products.   
 
Resolution No. 1 and Resolution No. 2 were amended June 7, 2023 with the addition of five new differential 
Futures Contracts, six new outright crude contracts, one new crude oil and refine futures contracts and one 
option contract. 
 
Resolution No. 1 and Resolution No. 2 were amended September 28, 2023 with the addition of four 
Differential Futures Contracts - Crude Oil and Refined Products. 
 
Resolution No. 1 and Resolution No. 2 were amended December 11, 2023 with the addition of one Differential 
Futures Contracts - Crude Oil and Refined Products and one Petrochemical Futures Contracts. 
 
 
  


 
1 
SUBCHAPTER 19A – OUTRIGHT–CRUDE OIL AND REFINED PRODUCTS 
 
19.A.1 Crude Outright – Argus LLS Future 
19.A.2 Crude Outright – Argus Mars Future 
19.A.3 Crude Outright – Argus WTI Cushing Trade Month Future 
19.A.4 Crude Outright – WTI 1st Line Future 
19.A.5 Crude Outright – WTI 1st Line Balmo Future 
19.A.6 Crude Outright – WTI 1st Line Mini Future 
19.A.7 Crude Outright – WTI Bullet Future 
19.A.8 RESERVED 
19.A.9  Crude Outright—EU-Style WTI Future 
19.A.10 Fuel Oil Outright – New York 1% Fuel Oil Future 
19.A.11 Fuel Oil Outright – New York 1% Fuel Oil Balmo Future 
19.A.12 Fuel Oil Outright – New York 3.0% Fuel Oil (Platts) Future 
19.A.13 Fuel Oil Outright – USGC HSFO (Platts) Future 
19.A.14 Fuel Oil Outright – USGC HSFO (Platts) Balmo Future 
19.A.15 Diesel Outright – Gulf Coast ULSD Future 
19.A.16 Diesel Outright – Gulf Coast Export ULSD (Platts) Future 
19.A.17 Gasoline Outright – RBOB Gasoline 1st Line Future 
19.A.18 Gasoline Outright – RBOB Gasoline 1st Line Balmo Future 
19.A.19 Gasoline Outright – RBOB Gasoline 1st Line Mini Future 
19.A.20 Heating Oil Outright – Heating Oil 1st Line Future 
19.A.21 Heating Oil Outright – Heating Oil 1st Line Mini Future 
19.A.22 Jet Fuel Outright – Gulf Coast Jet Fuel Future 
19.A.23 Jet Fuel Outright – Gulf Coast Jet Fuel (Platts) Balmo Future 
19.A.24 Jet Fuel Outright – Gulf Coast Jet Fuel (Platts) Mini Future 
19.A.25 Ethanol Outright – New York Ethanol Future  
19.A.26 Ethanol Outright – Chicago Ethanol Future 
19.A.27 Crude Outright—Daily EU-Style WTI Future 
19.A.28 RESERVED 
19.A.29 RESERVED 
19.A.30 Biofuel Outright - D6 RINs (OPIS) Future    
 
19.A.31 RESERVED 


 
2 
19.A.32 Biofuel Outright - D4 RINS (OPIS) Future 
19.A.33 Biodiesel Outright - D4 RINS (OPIS) Previous Year Future 
19.A.34 Gasoline Outright - D6 RINS (OPIS) Previous Year Future 
19.A.35 Fuel Oil Outright - Marine Fuel 0.5% FOB USGC Barges (Platts) Future 
19.A.36 Crude Outright - Midland WTI American Gulf Coast 1st Line Future 
19.A.37 RESERVED 
19.A.38 Heating Oil Outright - NYH ULSHO 1st Line Future 
19.A.39 Crude Outright - Midland WTI American Gulf Coast Trade Month Future 
19.A.40 Crude Outright - Argus WTI Houston Future 
19.A.41 Crude Outright - WTI Cushing Trade Month Future 
19.A.42 Fuel Oil Outright - Marine Fuel 0.5% Delivered US Atlantic Coast Barges (Platts) Future (in MTs) 
 
19.A.43 Fuel Oil Outright - Marine Fuel 0.5% Delivered US Atlantic Coast Barges (Platts) Balmo Future (in MTs) 
 
19.A.44 Fuel Oil Outright - Marine Fuel 0.5% FOB USGC Barges (Platts) Balmo Future (in MTs) 
 
19.A.45 Fuel Oil Outright - Marine Fuel 0.5% FOB USGC Barges (Platts) Mini Future 
 
19.A.46 Fuel Oil Outright - Marine Fuel 0.5% FOB USGC Barges (Platts) Future (in MTs) 
 
19.A.50 Fuel Oil Outright - Marine Fuel 0.5% FOB USGC Barges (Platts) Balmo Future 
 
19.A.51  Crude Outright - Argus WTI Midland Trade Month Future 
 
19.A.52  Crude Outright - Argus WTI Houston Trade Month Future 
 
19.A.53  Crude Outright - Argus WTI Midland 1st Line Future 
 
19.A.54  Crude Outright - Argus Mars Trade Month Future 
 
19.A.55  Crude Outright - Argus LLS Trade Month Future 
 
19.A.56  Crude Outright - Argus WTS Trade Month Future 
 
19.A.57 Biofuel Outright - RVO (OPIS) Future 
 
19.A.58 Biofuel Outright - Argus RVO Future 
 
19.A.59  Biofuel Outright - RVO (OPIS) Current Year Mini Future 
 
19.A.60  Biofuel Outright - Argus RVO Current Year Mini Future 
 
19.A.61  Biofuel Outright - Daily Argus RVO Current Year Future 
 
19.A.62  Biofuel Outright - Argus US B99 NYH Future 
 
19.A.63  Biofuel Outright - RVO (OPIS) Current Year Balmo Future 
 
19.A.64  Biofuel Outright - Argus RVO Current Year Balmo Future 


 
3 
 
19.A.65  Biofuel Outright - Daily Argus RVO Current Year Mini Future 
 
19.A.66  Biofuel Outright - D3 RINs (OPIS) Current Year Future 
 
19.A.67 Biofuel Outright - D5 RINs (OPIS) Current Year Future 
 
19.A.68  Biofuel Outright - RVO (OPIS) Current Year Balmo Mini Future 
 
19.A.69  Biofuel Outright - Argus RVO Current Year Balmo Mini Future 
 
19.A.70 Crude Oil Outright - Argus SGC Trade Month Future 
 
19.A.71  Crude Oil Outright - Argus SGC Future 
 
19.A.72 Gasoline Outright - Argus Gulf Coast CBOB A Future 
 
19.A.73 Biofuel Outright - D6 RINs (OPIS) Balmo Future 
19.A.74 Biofuel Outright - D4 RINs (OPIS) Balmo Future 
19.A.75 Biofuel Outright - D3 RINs (OPIS) Balmo Future 
19.A.76 Biofuel Outright - D5 RINs (OPIS) Balmo Future 
19.A.77 Gasoline Outright - USGC RBOB (Platts) Future 
19.A.78 Gasoline Outright - USGC RBOB (Platts) Balmo Future 
 
 
 
 
 


 
4 
19.A.1 CRUDE OUTRIGHT – ARGUS LLS FUTURE 
Product Name 
Crude Outright – Argus LLS Future 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the Argus daily assessment price for Light 
Louisiana Sweet Crude Oil (1st Month). 
Contract Symbol 
ARH 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the average of the quotations 
appearing in the “Argus Crude” report under the heading “US pipeline $/bl”, 
subheading “Price” for “LLS” for each business day (as specified below) in the 
determination period.e 
Contract Series 
Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Argus Crude 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
5 
19.A.2 CRUDE OUTRIGHT – ARGUS MARS FUTURE 
Product Name 
Crude Outright – Argus Mars Future 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the Argus daily assessment price for Mars 
Crude Oil (1st Month). 
Contract Symbol 
ARM 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the average of the quotations 
appearing in the “Argus Crude” report under the heading “US pipeline $/bl”, 
subheading “Price” for “Mars” for each business day (as specified below) in the 
determination period. 
Contract Series 
Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Argus Crude 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
6 
19.A.3 CRUDE OUTRIGHT – ARGUS WTI CUSHING TRADE MONTH FUTURE 
Product Name 
Crude Outright – Argus WTI Cushing Trade Month Future 
Description 
A cash settled future based on the Argus daily assessment price for WTI Cushing 
formula basis. 
Contract Symbol 
ACT 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Trading shall cease at the close of trading on the last business day that falls on or 
before the 25th calendar day of the month prior to the contract month.  If the 25th 
calendar day is a weekend or holiday, trading shall cease on the first business day 
prior to the 25th calendar day 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the average of the quotations 
appearing in the "Argus Crude" report under the heading "US Gulf Coast and 
Midcontinent", subheading “WTI” for "WTI Cushing” WTI formula basis price for 
each business day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
Contract Series 
Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Argus Crude 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
7 
19.A.4 CRUDE OUTRIGHT – WTI 1ST LINE FUTURE 
Product Name 
Crude Outright – WTI 1st Line Future 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the daily settlement price for WTI Futures. 
Contract Symbol 
R 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the average of the settlement prices as 
made public by NYMEX for the front month WTI Futures contract for the month of 
production. 
Contract Series 
Up to 84 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for ICE 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 


 
8 
19.A.5 CRUDE OUTRIGHT – WTI 1ST LINE BALMO FUTURE 
Product Name 
Crude Outright – WTI 1st Line Balmo Future 
Contract Description 
A balance of the month cash settled future based on the daily settlement price for 
WTI Futures. 
Contract Symbol 
WBT 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the average of the settlement prices as 
made public by NYMEX for the front month WTI Futures contract for the month of 
production. 
Contract Series 
Up to 2 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for ICE 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
9 
19.A.6 CRUDE OUTRIGHT – WTI 1ST LINE MINI FUTURE 
Product Name 
Crude Outright – WTI 1st Line Mini Future 
Description 
A monthly cash settled mini future based on the daily settlement price for the 
NYMEX WTI Crude Futures 
Contract Symbol 
RMM 
Contract Size 
100 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 100 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the average of the settlement prices as 
made public by NYMEX for the front month WTI Futures contract for the month of 
production 
Contract Series 
Up to 84 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for ICE 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
10 
19.A.7 CRUDE OUTRIGHT – WTI BULLET FUTURE 
Product Name 
Crude Outright – WTI Bullet Future 
Contract Description 
A WTI Bullet Future 
Contract Symbol 
WTB 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Trading shall cease at the close of business on the 4th NYMEX Business Day prior 
to the 25th calendar day of the month preceding the contract month.  If the 25th 
calendar day of the month is not a NYMEX Business Day the final trading day 
shall be the trading day which is the 5th NYMEX Business Day preceding the 25th 
calendar day of the month preceding the contract month.  (A “NYMEX Business 
Day” is a day on which NYMEX is open for business.) 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel equal to the price as made public by NYMEX 
for the WTI Futures contract for the month of production on the penultimate trading 
day. 
Contract Series 
Up to 84 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for ICE 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
11 
19.A.8 RESERVED 
19.A.9  CRUDE OUTRIGHT—EU-STYLE WTI FUTURE 
Product Name 
Crude Outright—EU-Style WTI Future  
Description 
The EU-Style WTI Future is used for the purposes of settling the EU-Style WTI 
Option. 
Contract Symbol 
WUL 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price 
Quotation  
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Trading shall end two NYMEX Business Days prior to the expiration date of the 
ICE Futures Europe WTI Crude Futures Contract (i.e., the 6th NYMEX Business 
Day prior to the 25th calendar day of the month preceding the contract month. If 
the 25th calendar day of the month is not a NYMEX Business Day the final trading 
day shall be the trading day which is the 7th NYMEX Business Day preceding the 
25th calendar day of the month preceding the contract month). (A “NYMEX 
Business Day” is a day on which NYMEX is open for business.) 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel equal to the settlement price of the ICE WTI 
Bullet Future for the contract month on the 3rd business day prior to the last 
trading day of the ICE Futures Europe WTI Futures Contract for the contract 
month.  
Contract Series 
Up to 36 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for ICE 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19-see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
12 
19.A.10 FUEL OIL OUTRIGHT – NEW YORK 1% FUEL OIL FUTURE 
Product Name 
Fuel Oil Outright – New York 1% Fuel Oil Future 
Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the Platts daily assessment price for New 
York 1% Fuel Oil 
Contract Symbol 
FOW 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the average of the mean of the high 
and low quotations appearing in the “Platts US Marketscan” under the heading 
“Atlantic Coast New York” subheading “Residual fuel ($/bbl)” and “Cargo” for 
“No. 6 1%” for each business day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
Contract Series 
Up to 48 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Platts US Marketscan 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
13 
19.A.11 Fuel Oil Outright – New York 1% Fuel Oil Balmo Future 
Product Name 
Fuel Oil Outright – New York 1% Fuel Oil Balmo Future 
Description 
A balance of the month cash settled future based on the Platts daily assessment 
price for New York 1% Fuel Oil. 
Contract Symbol 
FOX 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the average of the mean of the high 
and low quotations appearing in the “Platts US Marketscan” under the heading 
“Atlantic Coast New York” subheading “Residual fuel ($/bbl)” and “Cargo” for 
“No. 6 1%” for each business day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
Contract Series 
Up to 2 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Platts US Marketscan 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 


 
14 
 
19.A.12 FUEL OIL OUTRIGHT – USAC HSFO (PLATTS) FUTURE 
Product Name 
Fuel Oil Outright – USAC HSFO (Platts) Future 
Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the Platts daily assessment price for USAC 
HSFO. 
Contract Symbol 
14X 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the average of the “Mid” quotations 
appearing in the “Platts US Marketscan” under the heading “Atlantic Coast” 
subheading “New York Harbor” and “Delivered cargo ($/barrel)” for “USAC 
HSFO” for each business day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
Contract Series 
Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Platts US Marketscan 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
15 
19.A.13 FUEL OIL OUTRIGHT – USGC HSFO (PLATTS) FUTURE 
Product Name 
Fuel Oil Outright – USGC HSFO (Platts) Future 
Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the Platts daily assessment price for US 
Gulf Coast High Sulphur Fuel Oil. 
Contract Symbol 
RBO 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the average of the “Mid” quotations 
appearing in the “Platts US Marketscan” under the heading “Gulf Coast” 
subheading “Houston and “$/barrel” for “USGC HSFO” for each business day (as 
specified below) in the determination period. 
Contract Series 
Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Platts US Marketscan 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
16 
19.A.14 FUEL OIL OUTRIGHT – USGC HSFO (PLATTS) BALMO FUTURE 
Product Name 
Fuel Oil Outright – USGC HSFO (Platts) Balmo Future 
Contract Description 
A balance of the month cash settled future based on the Platts daily assessment 
price for US Gulf Coast High Sulphur Fuel Oil. 
Contract Symbol 
RBP 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the average of the “Mid” quotations 
appearing in the “Platts US Marketscan” under the heading “Gulf Coast” 
subheading “Houston and “$/barrel” for “USGC HSFO” for each business day (as 
specified below) in the determination period. 
Contract Series 
Up to 2 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Platts US Marketscan 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
17 
19.A.15 DIESEL OUTRIGHT – GULF COAST ULSD FUTURE 
Product Name 
Diesel Outright – Gulf Coast ULSD Future 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the Platts daily assessment price for Gulf 
Coast Ultra Low Sulfur Diesel. 
Contract Symbol 
GUU 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels (42,000 gallons) 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per gallon based on the average of the mean of the high 
and low quotations appearing in the “Platts US Marketscan” under the heading 
“Gulf Coast” subheading “Distillates and blendstocks” and “Pipeline” for “Ultra 
low sulfur diesel” for each business day (as specified below) in the determination 
period. 
Contract Series 
Up to 48 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Platts US Marketscan 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 


 
18 
19.A.16 DIESEL OUTRIGHT – GULF COAST EXPORT ULSD (PLATTS) FUTURE 
Product Name 
Diesel Outright – Gulf Coast Export ULSD (Platts) Future 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the Platts daily assessment price for Gulf 
Coast Export Ultra Low Sulfur Diesel. 
Contract Symbol 
GUE 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels (42,000 gallons) 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per gallon based on the average of the “Mid” quotations 
appearing in the “Platts US Marketscan” under the heading “Gulf Coast” 
subheading “Houston” and “FOB Cargo (c/gal)” for “Export ULSD” for each 
business day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
Contract Series 
Up to 48 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Platts US Marketscan 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
19 
19.A.17 GASOLINE OUTRIGHT – RBOB GASOLINE 1ST LINE FUTURE 
Product Name 
Gasoline Outright – RBOB Gasoline 1st Line Future 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the daily settlement price for NYMEX 
RBOB Gasoline Futures. 
Contract Symbol 
RBS 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels (42,000 gallons) 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per gallon based on the average of the settlement prices 
as made public by NYMEX for the front month RBOB Gasoline Future for the 
month of production. 
Contract Series 
Up to 62 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for NYMEX 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
20 
19.A.18 GASOLINE OUTRIGHT – RBOB GASOLINE 1ST LINE BALMO FUTURE 
Product Name 
Gasoline Outright – RBOB Gasoline 1st Line Balmo Future 
Contract Description 
A balance of the month cash settled future based on the daily settlement price for 
RBOB Gasoline Futures. 
Contract Symbol 
RSE 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels (42,000 gallons) 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per gallon based on the average of the settlement prices 
as made public by NYMEX for the front month RBOB Gasoline Futures contract 
for the month of production. 
Contract Series 
Up to 2 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for NYMEX 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
21 
19.A.19 GASOLINE OUTRIGHT – RBOB GASOLINE 1ST LINE MINI FUTURE 
Product Name 
Gasoline Outright – RBOB Gasoline 1st Line Mini Future 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled mini future based on the daily settlement price for RBOB 
Gasoline Futures 
Contract Symbol 
RBM 
Contract Size 
100 barrels (4,200 gallons) 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 100 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per gallon based on the average of the settlement prices 
as made public by NYMEX for the front month RBOB Gasoline Futures contract 
for the month of production 
Contract Series 
Up to 48 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for NYMEX 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
22 
19.A.20 HEATING OIL OUTRIGHT – HEATING OIL 1ST LINE FUTURE 
Product Name 
Heat Oil Outright – Heating Oil 1st Line Future 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the daily settlement price for NYMEX NY 
Harbor ULSD Futures. 
Contract Symbol 
HOF 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels (42,000 gallons) 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per gallon based on the average of the settlement prices 
as made public by NYMEX for the front month New York Harbor ULSD Future 
for the month of production. 
Contract Series 
Up to 62 consecutive calendar months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Final Payment Date 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day. 
business days 
Publication days for NYMEX 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
23 
19.A.21 HEATING OIL OUTRIGHT – HEATING OIL 1ST LINE MINI FUTURE 
Product Name 
Heating Oil Outright – Heating Oil 1st Line Mini Future 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled mini future based on the daily settlement price for Heating 
Oil Futures 
Contract Symbol 
HOM 
Contract Size 
100 barrels (4,200 gallons) 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 100 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per gallon based on the average of the settlement prices 
as made public by NYMEX for the front month New York Harbor ULSD Heating 
Oil Futures contract for the month of production 
Contract Series 
Up to 48 consecutive calendar months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Final Payment Date 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for NYMEX 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
24 
19.A.22 JET FUEL OUTRIGHT – GULF COAST JET FUEL FUTURE 
Product Name 
Jet Fuel Outright – Gulf Coast Jet Fuel Future 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the Platts daily assessment price for Gulf 
Coast Jet 54 Pipeline. 
Contract Symbol 
JCF 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per gallon based on the average of the mean of the high 
and low quotations appearing in the "Platts US Marketscan" under the heading 
"Gulf Coast" subheading "Distillates and blendstocks" and “Pipeline” for "Jet 54" 
for each business day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
Contract Series 
Up to 48 consecutive months or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Platts US Marketscan 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 


 
25 
19.A.23 JET FUEL OUTRIGHT – GULF COAST JET FUEL (PLATTS) BALMO FUTURE 
Product Name 
Jet Fuel Outright – Gulf Coast Jet Fuel (Platts) Balmo Future 
Contract Description 
A balance of the month cash settled future based on the Platts daily assessment 
price for Gulf Coast Jet 54 Pipeline. 
Contract Symbol 
JCG 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per gallon based on the average of the “Mid” quotations 
appearing in the “Platts US Marketscan” under the heading “Gulf Coast” 
subheading “Houston” and “Prompt Pipeline” for “Jet 54” for each business day 
(as specified below) in the determination period. 
Contract Series 
Up to 2 consecutive months or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Platts US Marketscan 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
26 
19.A.24 JET FUEL OUTRIGHT – GULF COAST JET FUEL (PLATTS) MINI FUTURE 
Product Name 
Jet Fuel Outright – Gulf Coast Jet Fuel (Platts) Mini Future 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled mini future based on the Platts daily assessment price for 
Gulf Coast Jet 54 Pipeline 
Contract Symbol 
GCJ 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per gallon based on the average of the mean of the high 
and low quotations appearing in the "Platts US Marketscan" under the heading 
"Gulf Coast" subheading "Distillates and blendstocks" and “Pipeline” for "Jet 54" 
for each business day (as specified below) in the determination period 
Contract Series 
Up to 48 consecutive months or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Platts US Marketscan 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
27 
19.A.25 ETHANOL OUTRIGHT – NEW YORK ETHANOL FUTURE 
 
Product Name: Ethanol Outright – New York Ethanol Future 
 
Contact Description: A monthly cash settled future based on the Platts daily price quotations for New York 
Ethanol (terminal) 
 
Contract Symbol: ETN 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Last Trading Day: Last trading day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: A price in USD and cents per gallon based on the average of the mean of the high and low 
quotations from Platts for New York Ethanol (terminal) for each business day (as specified below) in the 
determination period. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 48 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
Business Days: Publication days for Platts US Marketscan 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
28 
19.A.26 ETHANOL OUTRIGHT – CHICAGO ETHANOL FUTURE 
Product Name 
Ethanol Outright – Chicago Ethanol Future 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the Platts daily price quotations for 
Chicago Ethanol (terminal). 
Contract Symbol 
ETC 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per gallon based on the average of the mean of the high 
and low quotations from Platts for Chicago Ethanol (terminal) for each business 
day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
Contract Series 
Up to 48 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Platts US Marketscan 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 
 


 
29 
19.A.27 CRUDE OUTRIGHT—DAILY EU-STYLE WTI FUTURE 
Product Name 
Crude Outright—Daily EU-Style WTI Future  
Description 
The EU-Style WTI Future is used for the purposes of settling the Daily EU-Style 
WTI Option. 
Contract Symbol 
TDE 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price 
Quotation  
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Trading shall end at the end of the designated settlement period for the ICE WTI 
Crude Futures contract on the business day that it was listed on.  
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel equal to the Settlement Price of the ICE WTI 
Bullet Future on the Last Trading Day.  
Contract Series 
Daily contract listed for 1 day, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange.   
Final Payment Dates 
One Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for ICE 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19-see IFUS website 
 
19.A.28 RESERVED 
 
19.A.29 RESERVED 
 
 


 
30 
19.A.30 Biofuel Outright - D6 RINs (OPIS) Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based on the OPIS daily assessment price for Physically 
Delivered D6 RINs. 
 
Contract Symbol: RIN 
 
Contract Size: 50,000 RINs 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 50,000 RINs 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per RIN 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per RIN 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per RIN 
 
Last Trading Day: Last business day of contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per RIN based on the average of the mean of the high and low quotations appearing in the "OPIS Ethanol 
& Gasoline Component Spot Market Prices" report under the heading "US RINs" subheading "US 
Ethanol RINs" for “Current Yr” each business day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 36 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
Business Days: Publication days for OPIS Ethanol and Biodiesel Information Service 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
31 
19.A.31 RESERVED 
19.A.32 Biofuel Outright - D4 RINS (OPIS) Future 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based on the OPIS daily assessment price for Physically 
Delivered D4 RINs. 
Contract Symbol: RIK 
Contract Size: 50,000 RINs 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 50,000 RINs 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per RIN 
Settlement Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per RIN 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per RIN 
Last Trading Day: Last business day of contract month, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Floating Price: In respect of daily settlement, the Floating Price will be determined by ICE using price 
data from a number of sources including spot, forward and derivative markets for both physical and 
financial products. 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per RIN based on the average of the mean of the high and low quotations appearing in the "OPIS Ethanol 
& Gasoline Component Spot Market Prices" report under the heading "US RINs" subheading "US 
Biodiesel RINs" for “Current Yr” each business day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
Contract Series: Up to 36 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days: Publication days for OPIS Ethanol and Biodiesel Information Service 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
32 
19.A.33 Biodiesel Outright - D4 RINS (OPIS) Previous Year Future 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based on the OPIS daily assessment price for Physically 
Delivered D4 RINs for the Previous Year. 
Contract Symbol: RIL 
Contract Size: 50,000 RINs 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 50,000 RINs 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per RIN 
Settlement Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per RIN 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per RIN 
Last Trading Day: Last business day of contract month 
Floating Price: In respect of daily settlement, the Floating Price will be determined by ICE using price 
data from a number of sources including spot, forward and derivative markets for both physical and 
financial products. 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per RIN based on the average of the mean of the high and low quotations appearing in the "OPIS Ethanol 
& Gasoline Component Spot Market Prices" report under the heading "US RINs" subheading "US 
Biodiesel RINs" for “Previous Yr” each business day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
Contract Series: Up to 36 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days: Publication days for OPIS Ethanol and Biodiesel Information Service 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
33 
19.A.34 Gasoline Outright - D6 RINS (OPIS) Previous Year Future 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based on the OPIS daily assessment price for Physically 
Delivered D6 RINs for the Previous Year. 
Contract Symbol: RIO 
Contract Size: 50,000 RINs 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 50,000 RINs 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per RIN 
Settlement Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per RIN 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per RIN 
Last Trading Day: Last business day of contract month 
Floating Price: In respect of daily settlement, the Floating Price will be determined by ICE using price 
data from a number of sources including spot, forward and derivative markets for both physical and 
financial products. 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per RIN based on the average of the mean of the high and low quotations appearing in the "OPIS Ethanol 
& Gasoline Component Spot Market Prices" report under the heading "US RINs" subheading "US 
Ethanol RINs" for “Previous Yr” each business day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
Contract Series: Up to 36 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days: Publication days for OPIS Ethanol and Biodiesel Information Service 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
34 
19.A.35 Fuel Oil Outright - Marine Fuel 0.5% FOB USGC Barges (Platts) Future  
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based on the Platts daily assessment price for 0.5% FOB US 
Gulf Coast Barges Marine Fuel. 
 
Contract Symbol: MF1 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Floating Price: In respect of daily settlement, the Floating Price will be determined by ICE using price 
data from a number of sources including spot, forward and derivative markets for both physical and 
financial products. 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per barrel based on the average of the “$/barrel” quotations appearing in the “Platts US Marketscan” 
under the heading “Marine Fuel” for “0.5% FOB US Gulf Coast barge" for each business day (as 
specified below) in the determination period. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Day in the determination 
period. 
 
Business Days: Publication days for Platts US Marketscan 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
35 
19.A.36 Crude Outright - Midland WTI American Gulf Coast 1st Line Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based on the ICE daily settlement price for Midland WTI 
American Gulf Coast Futures. 
 
Contract Symbol: HOO 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per barrel based on the average of the settlement prices as made public by ICE for the front month 
Midland WTI American Gulf Coast Futures contract for the month of production. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 96 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Business Days: US business Days 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
36 
19.A.37 RESERVED 
 
19.A.38 Heating Oil Outright - NYH ULSHO 1st Line Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based on the daily settlement price for ICE NY ULSHO 
Futures. 
 
Contract Symbol: NYF 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels (42,000 gallons) 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per gallon based on the average of the settlement prices as made public by ICE for the front month NYH 
ULSHO Future for the month of production. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 62 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
Business days: ICE Business Days 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
37 
19.A.39 Crude Outright - Midland WTI American Gulf Coast Trade Month Future 
 
Description: A trade month cash settled future based on the daily settlement price for Midland WTI 
American Gulf Coast Futures. 
 
Contract Symbol: HOY 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Last Trading Day: Trading shall cease at the close of trading on the last business day that falls on or 
before the 25th calendar day of the month prior to the contract month. If the 25th calendar day is a 
weekend or holiday, trading shall cease on the first business day prior to the 25th calendar day 
 
Final Settlement: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents per 
barrel based on the average of the settlement prices as made public by ICE for the front month Midland 
WTI American Gulf Coast Futures contract for each business day (as specified below) in the 
determination period. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 96 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
Business Days: ICE Business Days 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 


 
38 
19.A.40 Crude Outright - Argus WTI Houston Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based on the Argus daily assessment price for WTI Houston 
(1st Month). 
 
Contract Symbol: AFW 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per barrel based on the average of the quotations appearing in the "Argus Crude" report under the heading 
"US Gulf Coast and Midcontinent", subheading “Weighted Average” for "WTI Houston” for each 
business day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
Business days: Publication days for Argus Crude 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 


 
39 
19.A.41 Crude Outright - WTI Cushing Trade Month Future 
 
Description: A trade month cash settled future based on the daily settlement price for WTI Futures. 
 
Contract Symbol: WTC 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Last Trading Day: Trading shall cease at the close of trading on the last business day that falls on or 
before the 25th calendar day of the month prior to the contract month. If the 25th calendar day is a 
weekend or holiday, trading shall cease on the first business day prior to the 25th calendar day 
 
Final Settlement: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents per 
barrel based on the average of the settlement prices as made public by NYMEX for the front month WTI 
Futures contract for each business day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
Business Days: ICE Business Days 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
40 
19.A.42 Fuel Oil Outright - Marine Fuel 0.5% Delivered US Atlantic Coast Barges (Platts) Future 
(in MTs) 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based on the Platts daily assessment price for 0.5% Delivered 
US Atlantic Coast Marine Fuel barges. 
 
Contract Symbol: MFJ 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 MT 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 metric tonnes 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per metric tonne 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per metric tonnes based on the average “$/MT” quotations appearing in the “Platts US Marketscan” under 
the heading “Marine Fuel” for “0.5% Dlvd US Atlantic Coast barge” for each business day (as specified 
below) in the determination period. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
Business Days: Publication days for Platts US Marketscan 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 
 


 
41 
19.A.43 Fuel Oil Outright - Marine Fuel 0.5% Delivered US Atlantic Coast Barges (Platts) Balmo 
Future (in MTs) 
 
Description: A balance of the month cash settled future based on the Platts daily assessment price for 
0.5% Delivered US Atlantic Coast Marine Fuel barges. 
 
Contract Symbol: MFK 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 metric tonnes 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 metric tonnes 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per metric tonne 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per metric tonne based on the average “$/MT” quotations appearing in the “Platts US Marketscan” under 
the heading “Marine Fuel” for “0.5% Dlvd US Atlantic Coast barge” for each business day (as specified 
below) in the determination period. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 2 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
Business Days: Publication days for Platts US Marketscan 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
42 
19.A.44 Fuel Oil Outright - Marine Fuel 0.5% FOB USGC Barges (Platts) Balmo Future (in MTs) 
 
Description: A balance of the month cash settled future based on the Platts daily assessment price for 
Marine Fuel 0.5% FOB US Gulf Coast Barges. 
 
Contract Symbol: MFL 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 metric tonnes 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 metric tonnes 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per metric tonne 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per metric tonne based on the average of the “$/MT” quotations appearing in the “Platts US Marketscan” 
under the heading “Marine Fuel” for “0.5% FOB US Gulf Coast barge" for each business day (as 
specified below) in the determination period. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 2 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
Business Days: Publication days for Platts US Marketscan 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 
 


 
43 
19.A.45 Fuel Oil Outright - Marine Fuel 0.5% FOB USGC Barges (Platts) Mini Future (in MTs) 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled mini future based on the Platts daily assessment price for 0.5% FOB 
US Gulf Coast Barges Marine Fuel. 
 
Contract Symbol: MFQ 
 
Contract Size: 100 metric tonnes 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 100 metric tonnes 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per metric tonne 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per metric tonne based on the average of the “$/MT” quotations appearing in the “Platts US Marketscan” 
under the heading “Marine Fuel” for “0.5% FOB US Gulf Coast barge" for each business day (as 
specified below) in the determination period. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
Business Days: Publication days for Platts US Marketscan 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 


 
44 
19.A.46 Fuel Oil Outright - Marine Fuel 0.5% FOB USGC Barges (Platts) Future (in MTs) 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based on the Platts daily assessment price for 0.5% FOB US 
Gulf Coast Barges Marine Fuel.  
 
Contract Symbol: MF9 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 metric tonnes 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 metric tonnes 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per metric tonne 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per metric tonnes based on the average of the “$/MT” quotations appearing in the “Platts US Marketscan” 
under the heading “Marine Fuel” for “0.5% FOB US Gulf Coast barge" for each business day (as 
specified below) in the determination period. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Day in the determination 
period. 
 
Business Days: Publication days for Platts US Marketscan 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
45 
19.A.50 Fuel Oil Outright - Marine Fuel 0.5% FOB USGC Barges (Platts) Balmo Future 
 
Description: A balance of the month cash settled future based on the Platts daily assessment price for 
0.5% FOB US Gulf Coast Barges Marine Fuel. 
Contract Symbol: RBT 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per barrel based on the average of the “$/barrel” quotations appearing in the “Platts US Marketscan” 
under the heading “Marine Fuel” for “0.5% FOB US Gulf Coast barge" for each business day (as 
specified below) in the determination period. 
Contract Series: Up to 2 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Day in the determination 
period. 
business days: Publication days for Platts US Marketscan 
MIC: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 
 


 
46 
19.A.51 Crude Outright - Argus WTI Midland Trade Month Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based on the Argus daily assessment price for WTI Midland 
(1st Month). 
 
Contract Symbol: JFP 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Last Trading Day: Trading shall cease at the close of trading on the last business day that falls on or 
before the 25th calendar day of the month prior to the contract month. If the 25th calendar day is a 
weekend or holiday, trading shall cease on the first business day prior to the 25th calendar day 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per barrel based on the average of the quotations appearing in the "Argus Crude" report under the heading 
"WTI", subheading “Weighted average” for "WTI Midland" (1st Month) for each business day (as 
specified below) in the determination period. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Business Days: Publication days for Argus Crude 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
  
 
 


 
47 
19.A.52 Crude Outright - Argus WTI Houston Trade Month Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based on the Argus daily assessment price for WTI Houston 
(1st Month) Weighted Average. 
 
Contract Symbol: JFQ 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Last Trading Day: Trading shall cease at the close of trading on the last business day that falls on or 
before the 25th calendar day of the month prior to the contract month. If the 25th calendar day is a 
weekend or holiday, trading shall cease on the first business day prior to the 25th calendar day 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per barrel based on the average of the quotations appearing in the "Argus Crude" report under the heading 
"WTI", subheading “Weighted average” for "WTI Houston" (1st Month) for each business day (as 
specified below) in the determination period. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Business Days: Publication days for Argus Crude 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
  
 
 


 
48 
19.A.53 Crude Outright - Argus WTI Midland 1st Line Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based on the Argus daily assessment price for WTI Midland 
(1st Month). 
 
Contract Symbol: JFR 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per barrel based on the average of the quotations appearing in the "Argus Crude" report under the heading 
"WTI", subheading “Weighted average” for "WTI Midland" (1st Month) for each business day (as 
specified below) in the determination period. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Business Days: Publication days for Argus Crude 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
  
 
 


 
49 
19.A.54 Crude Outright - Argus Mars Trade Month Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based on the Argus daily assessment price for Mars Crude Oil 
(1st Month). 
 
Contract Symbol: JFS 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Last Trading Day: Trading shall cease at the close of trading on the last business day that falls on or 
before the 25th calendar day of the month prior to the contract month. If the 25th calendar day is a 
weekend or holiday, trading shall cease on the first business day prior to the 25th calendar day 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per barrel based on the average of the quotations appearing in the "Argus Crude" report under the heading 
"US pipeline”, subheading “VWA” for "Mars" for each business day (as specified below) in the 
determination period. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Business Days: Publication days for Argus Crude 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
  
 
 


 
50 
19.A.55 Crude Outright - Argus LLS Trade Month Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based on the Argus daily assessment price for Light Louisiana 
Sweet Crude Oil (1st Month). 
 
Contract Symbol: JFT 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Last Trading Day: Trading shall cease at the close of trading on the last business day that falls on or 
before the 25th calendar day of the month prior to the contract month. If the 25th calendar day is a 
weekend or holiday, trading shall cease on the first business day prior to the 25th calendar day 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per barrel based on the average of the quotations appearing in the "Argus Crude" report under the heading 
"US pipeline", subheading “VWA” for "LLS" for each business day (as specified below) in the 
determination period. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Business Days: Publication days for Argus Crude 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
  
 
 


 
51 
19.A.56 Crude Outright - Argus WTS Trade Month Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based on the Argus daily assessment price for WTS (1st 
Month). 
 
Contract Symbol: JFU 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Last Trading Day: Trading shall cease at the close of trading on the last business day that falls on or 
before the 25th calendar day of the month prior to the contract month. If the 25th calendar day is a 
weekend or holiday, trading shall cease on the first business day prior to the 25th calendar day 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per barrel based on the average of the quotations appearing in the "Argus Crude" report under the heading 
"US Gulf Coast and Midcontinent", and “Texas” subheading “Weighted average” for "WTS" (1st month) 
for each business day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Business Days: Publication days for Argus Crude 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
52 
19.A.57 BiofuelOutright - RVO (OPIS) Future           
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based on the OPIS daily assessment price for Renewable 
Volume Obligation (RVO). 
 
Contract Symbol: RVB 
 
Contract Size: 50,000 gallons 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 50,000 gallons 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per gallon based on the average of the “Mean” quotations appearing in the "OPIS Carbon Market Report" 
report under the heading "U.S. RINs (cts/RIN)” for “RVO (cts/gal)” for each business day (as specified 
below) in the determination period. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 36 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
Business Days: Publication days for OPIS Carbon Market Report 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
53 
19.A.58 Biofuel Outright - Argus RVO Future            
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based on the Argus daily assessment price for the Renewable 
Volume Obligation (RVO). 
 
Contract Symbol: RVO 
 
Contract Size: 50,000 gallons 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 50,000 gallons 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per gallon based on the average of the “Price” quotations appearing in the "Argus Americas Biofuels" 
report under the heading "RINs” for “RVO c/USG” for each business day (as specified below) in the 
determination period. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 36 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
Business Days: Publication days for Argus Americas Biofuels 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
54 
19.A.59 Biofuel Outright - RVO (OPIS) Current Year Mini Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled mini future based on the OPIS daily assessment price for Renewable 
Volume Obligation (RVO). 
 
Contract Symbol: BFA 
 
Contract Size: 5,000 gallons 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 5,000 gallons 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Last Trading Day: Last trading day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per gallon based on the average of the "Mean" quotations appearing in the "OPIS Carbon Market Report" 
under the heading "U.S. RINs (cts/RIN)”, subheading “RVO (cts/gal)” for each business day (as specified 
below) in the determination period. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 36 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day in the 
determination period. 
 
Business Days: Publication days for OPIS Carbon Market Report 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
55 
19.A.60 Biofuel Outright - Argus RVO Current Year Mini Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled mini future based on the Argus daily assessment price for 
Renewable Volume Obligation (RVO). 
 
Contract Symbol: BFB 
 
Contract Size: 5,000 gallons 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 5,000 gallons 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Last Trading Day: Last trading day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per gallon based on the average of the “Price” quotations appearing in the "Argus Americas Biofuels" 
report under the heading "RIN’s” for “RVO c/USG” for each business day (as specified below) in the 
determination period. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 36 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day in the 
determination period. 
 
Business Days: Publication days for Argus Americas Biofuels 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
56 
19.A.61 Biofuel Outright - Daily Argus RVO Current Year Future 
 
Description: A daily cash settled future based on the Argus daily assessment price for Renewable 
Volume Obligation (RVO). 
 
Contract Symbol: BFC 
 
Contract Size: 50,000 gallons 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 50,000 gallons 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Last Trading Day: Second Business Day after the nominal contract date 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per gallon based on the average of the “Price” quotations appearing in the "Argus Americas Biofuels" 
report under the heading "RINs” for “RVO c/USG” for each business day (as specified below) in the 
determination period. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 130 consecutive days, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day in the 
determination period. 
 
Business Days: Publication days for Argus Americas Biofuels 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
57 
19.A.62 Biofuel Outright - Argus US B99 NYH Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based on the Argus daily assessment price for US B99 NYH. 
 
Contract Symbol: BFD 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 bbls (42,000 gallons) 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 bbls 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Last Trading Day: Last trading day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per gallon based on the average of the mean of the “Low-high price” quotations appearing in the "Argus 
Americas Biofuels" report under the heading “Biodiesel” subheading “US B99” for “NYH c/USG” for 
each business day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 48 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day in the 
determination period. 
 
Business Days: Publication days for Argus Americas Biofuels 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
58 
19.A.63 Biofuel Outright - RVO (OPIS) Current Year Balmo Future 
 
Description: A balance of the month cash settled future based on the OPIS daily assessment price for 
Renewable Volume Obligation (RVO). 
 
Contract Symbol: BFE 
 
Contract Size: 50,000 gallons 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 50,000 gallons 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Last Trading Day: Last trading day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per gallon based on the average of the "Mean" quotations appearing in the "OPIS Carbon Market Report" 
under the heading "U.S. RINs (cts/RIN)”, subheading “RVO (cts/gal)” for each business day (as specified 
below) in the determination period. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 2 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day in the 
determination period. 
 
Business Days: Publication days for OPIS Carbon Market Report 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
59 
19.A.64 Biofuel Outright - Argus RVO Current Year Balmo Future 
 
Description: A balance of the month cash settled future based on the Argus daily assessment price for 
Renewable Volume Obligation (RVO). 
 
Contract Symbol: BFF 
 
Contract Size: 50,000 gallons 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 50,000 gallons 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Last Trading Day: Last trading day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per gallon based on the average of the “Price” quotations appearing in the "Argus Americas Biofuels" 
report under the heading "RINs” for “RVO c/USG” for each business day (as specified below) in the 
determination period. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 2 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
. 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day in the 
determination period. 
 
Business Days: Publication days for Argus Americas Biofuels 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
60 
19.A.65 Biofuel Outright - Daily Argus RVO Current Year Mini Future 
 
Description: A daily cash settled mini future based on the Argus daily assessment price for Renewable 
Volume Obligation (RVO). 
 
Contract Symbol: BFG 
 
Contract Size: 5,000 gallons 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 5,000 gallons 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Last Trading Day: Second Business Day after the nominal contract date 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per gallon based on the average of the “Price” quotations appearing in the "Argus Americas Biofuels" 
report under the heading "RINs” for “RVO” for each business day (as specified below) in the 
determination period. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 130 consecutive days, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day in the 
determination period. 
 
Business Days: Publication days for Argus Americas Biofuels 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
61 
19.A.66 Biofuel Outright - D3 RINs (OPIS) Current Year Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based on the OPIS daily assessment price for Physically 
Delivered D3 RINs. 
 
Contract Symbol: BFH 
 
Contract Size: 50,000 RINs 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 50,000 RINs 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per RIN 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per RIN 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per RIN 
 
Last Trading Day: Last trading day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per RIN based on the average of the mean of the high and low quotations appearing in the “OPIS Ethanol 
and Biodiesel Information Service” report under the heading "OPIS Ethanol & Gasoline Component Spot 
Market Prices" subheading "US RINs" and "U.S. Cellulosic RINs" for “Current Yr” for each business day 
(as specified below) in the determination period. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 36 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day in the 
determination period. 
 
Business Days: Publication days for OPIS Ethanol and Biodiesel Information Service 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
62 
19.A.67 Biofuel Outright - D5 RINs (OPIS) Current Year Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based on the OPIS daily assessment price for Physically 
Delivered D5 RINs. 
 
Contract Symbol: BFI 
 
Contract Size: 50,000 RINs 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 50,000 RINs 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per RIN 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per RIN 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per RIN 
 
Last Trading Day: Last trading day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per RIN based on the average of the mean of the high and low quotations appearing in the “OPIS Ethanol 
and Biodiesel Information Service” report under the heading "OPIS Ethanol & Gasoline Component Spot 
Market Prices" subheading "US RINs" and "U.S. Advanced Biofuel RINs" for “Current Yr” for each 
business day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 36 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day in the 
determination period. 
 
Business Days: Publication days for OPIS Ethanol and Biodiesel Information Service 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
63 
19.A.68 Biofuel Outright - RVO (OPIS) Current Year Balmo Mini Future 
 
Description: A balance of the month cash settled mini future based on the OPIS daily assessment price 
for Renewable Volume Obligation (RVO). 
 
Contract Symbol: BFJ 
 
Contract Size: 5,000 gallons 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 5,000 gallons 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Last Trading Day: Last trading day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per gallon based on the average of the "Mean" quotations appearing in the "OPIS Carbon Market Report" 
under the heading "U.S. RINs (cts/RIN)”, subheading “RVO (cts/gal)” for each business day (as specified 
below) in the determination period. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 2 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day in the 
determination period. 
 
Business Days: Publication days for OPIS Carbon Market Report 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
64 
19.A.69 Biofuel Outright - Argus RVO Current Year Balmo Mini Future 
 
Description: A balance of the month cash settled mini future based on the Argus daily assessment price 
for Renewable Volume Obligation (RVO). 
 
Contract Symbol: BFK 
 
Contract Size: 5,000 gallons 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 5,000 gallons 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Last Trading Day: Last trading day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per gallon based on the average of the “Price” quotations appearing in the "Argus Americas Biofuels" 
report under the heading "RINs” for “RVO” for each business day (as specified below) in the 
determination period. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 2 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day in the 
determination period. 
 
Business Days: Publication days for Argus Americas Biofuels 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
65 
19.A.70 Crude Oil Outright - Argus SGC Trade Month Future 
 
Description: A cash settled future based on the Argus daily assessment price for Southern Green Canyon 
Crude Oil (1st Month). 
 
Contract Symbol: TEK 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Last Trading Day: Trading shall cease at the close of trading on the last business day that falls on or 
before the 25th calendar day of the month prior to the contract month. If the 25th calendar day is a 
weekend or holiday, trading shall cease on the first business day prior to the 25th calendar day. 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per barrel based on the average of the quotations appearing in the “Argus Crude” report under the heading 
“US Gulf Coast and Midcontinent”, subheading “Texas” and “Weighted average” for “Southern Green 
Canyon” for each business day (as specified below) in the determination period.  
 
Contract Series: Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day in the 
determination period. 
 
Business Days: Publication days for Argus Crude 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
66 
19.A.71 Crude Oil Outright - Argus SGC Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based on the Argus daily assessment price for Southern Green 
Canyon Crude Oil (1st Month). 
 
Contract Symbol: TEL 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per barrel based on the average of the quotations appearing in the “Argus Crude” report under the heading 
“US Gulf Coast and Midcontinent”, subheading “Texas” and “Weighted average” for “Southern Green 
Canyon” for each business day (as specified below) in the determination period.  
 
Contract Series: Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day in the 
determination period. 
 
Business Days: Publication days for Argus Crude 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
67 
19.A.72 Gasoline Outright - Argus Gulf Coast CBOB A Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based on the Argus daily assessment price for Gulf Coast 
CBOB A. 
 
Contract Symbol: CBC 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 bbls (42,000 gallons) 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 bbls 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Last Trading Day: Last trading day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per gallon based on the average of the mean of the high and low quotations appearing in the "Argus US 
Products" report under the heading “Gasoline” subheading “Gulf Coast” and “Colonial” for “Reg CBOB 
A” prompt cycle for each business day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 48 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day in the 
determination period. 
 
Business Days: Publication days for Argus US Products 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
68 
19.A.73 Biofuel Outright - D6 RINs (OPIS) Balmo Future  
 
Description: A balance of the month cash settled future based on the OPIS daily assessment price for 
Physically Delivered D6 RINs. 
 
Contract Symbol: ROS 
 
Contract Size: 50,000 RINs 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 50,000 RINs 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per RIN 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per RIN 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per RIN 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per RIN based on the average of the mean of the high and low quotations appearing in the “OPIS Ethanol 
and Biodiesel Information Service” report under the heading " Ethanol & Gasoline Component Spot 
Market Prices" subheading "U.S. RINs" and "U.S. Ethanol RINs" for “Current Yr” for each business day 
(as specified below) in the determination period. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 2 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Business Days: Publication days for OPIS Ethanol and Biodiesel Information Service 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 
 


 
69 
19.A.74 Biofuel Outright - D4 RINs (OPIS) Balmo Future  
 
Description: A balance of the month cash settled future based on the OPIS daily assessment price for 
Physically Delivered D4 RINs. 
 
Contract Symbol: ROD 
 
Contract Size: 50,000 RINs 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 50,000 RINs 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per RIN 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per RIN 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per RIN 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per RIN based on the average of the mean of the high and low quotations appearing in the “OPIS Ethanol 
and Biodiesel Information Service” report under the heading "Ethanol & Gasoline Component Spot 
Market Prices" subheading "U.S. RINs" and "U.S. Biodiesel RINs" for “Current Yr” for each business 
day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 2 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Business Days: Publication days for OPIS Ethanol and Biodiesel Information Service 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 
 


 
70 
19.A.75 Biofuel Outright - D3 RINs (OPIS) Balmo Future  
 
Description: A balance of the month cash settled future based on the OPIS daily assessment price for 
Physically Delivered D3 RINs. 
 
Contract Symbol: ROT 
 
Contract Size: 50,000 RINs 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 10,000 RINs 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per RIN 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per RIN 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per RIN 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per RIN based on the average of the mean of the high and low quotations appearing in the “OPIS Ethanol 
and Biodiesel Information Service” report under the heading "Ethanol & Gasoline Component Spot 
Market Prices" subheading "U.S. RINs" and "U.S. Cellulosic RINs" for “Current Yr” for each business 
day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 2 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Business Days: Publication days for OPIS Ethanol and Biodiesel Information Service 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
71 
19.A.76 Biofuel Outright - D5 RINs (OPIS) Balmo Future  
 
Description: A balance of the month cash settled future based on the OPIS daily assessment price for 
Physically Delivered D5 RINs. 
 
Contract Symbol: ROF 
 
Contract Size: 50,000 RINs 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 50,000 RINs 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per RIN 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per RIN 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per RIN 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per RIN based on the average of the mean of the high and low quotations appearing in the “OPIS Ethanol 
and Biodiesel Information Service” report under the heading " Ethanol & Gasoline Component Spot 
Market Prices" subheading "U.S. RINs" and "U.S. Advanced Biofuel RINs" for “Current Yr” for each 
business day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 2 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Business Days: Publication days for OPIS Ethanol and Biodiesel Information Service 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 


 
72 
19.A.77 Gasoline Outright - USGC RBOB (Platts) Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based on the Platts daily assessment price for Gulf Coast 
RBOB. 
 
Contract Symbol: GRF 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels (42,000 gallons) 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels (42,000 gallons) 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per gallon based on the average of the “Mid” quotations appearing in “Platts US Marketscan” under the 
heading “Gulf Coast” subheading “Houston” and “Prompt Pipeline” for “RBOB 83.7” for each business 
day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 48 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Business Days: Publication days for Platts US Marketscan 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 
 


 
73 
19.A.78 Gasoline Outright - USGC RBOB (Platts) Balmo Future 
 
Description: A balance of the month cash settled future based on the Platts daily assessment price for 
Gulf Coast RBOB. 
 
Contract Symbol: GRD 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels (42,000 gallons) 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels (42,000 gallons) 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per gallon based on the average of the “Mid” quotations appearing in “Platts US Marketscan” under the 
heading “Gulf Coast” subheading “Houston” and “Prompt Pipeline” for “RBOB 83.7” for each business 
day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 2 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Business Days: Publication days for Platts US Marketscan 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 


 
 
 
1 
 RESERVED 
 RESERVED 
 Fuel Oil Crack – New York 1% Fuel Oil vs Brent 1st Line Future 
 Fuel Oil Crack – New York 1% Fuel Oil vs WTI 1st Line Future 
 RESERVED 
 Fuel Oil Crack – USGC HSFO (Platts) vs Brent 1st Line  Future 
 Fuel Oil Crack – USGC HSFO (Platts) vs Brent 1st Line Balmo Future 
 Fuel Oil Crack – USGC HSFO (Platts) vs WTI 1st Line Future 
 Gasoline Crack – RBOB Gasoline 1st Line vs Brent 1st Line Future (in Bbls) 
 Gasoline Crack – RBOB Gasoline 1st Line vs Brent 1st Line Balmo Future (in Bbls) 
 Gasoline Crack – RBOB Gasoline 1st Line vs WTI 1st Line Future (in Bbls) 
 Heating Oil Crack – Heating Oil 1st Line vs Brent 1st Line Future (in Bbls) 
 Heating Oil Crack – Heating Oil 1st Line vs WTI 1st Line Future 
 Jet Fuel Crack – Gulf Coast Jet Fuel vs Brent 1st Line Future 
19.B.15. Fuel Oil Crack - Marine Fuel 0.5% FOB USGC Barges (Platts) vs Brent 1st Line Future 
 
19.B.16. Heating Oil Crack - NYH ULSHO 1st Line vs Brent 1st Line Future (in Bbls) 
 
19.B.17. Heating Oil Crack - NYH ULSHO 1st Line vs. WT1 1st Line Future (in Bbls) 
 
19.B.18. Heating Oil Crack - NYH ULSHO 1st Line vs. Permian WT1 lst Line Future (in Bbls) 
 
19.B.19 Fuel Oil Crack - Marine Fuel 0.5% USGC Barges (Platts) vs Brent Crude 1st Line Balmo Future 


 
 
 
2 
DIFFERENTIAL FUTURES CONTRACTS - CRUDE OIL AND REFINED PRODUCTS 
RESERVED 
RESERVED 
FUEL OIL CRACK – NEW YORK 1% FUEL OIL VS BRENT 1ST LINE FUTURE 
Product Name 
Fuel Oil Crack – New York 1% Fuel Oil vs Brent 1st Line Future 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the difference the Platts daily 
assessment price for New York 1% Fuel Oil and the ICE daily settlement price 
for Brent 1st Line Future. 
Contract Symbol 
NFB 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the difference between the 
average of the mean of the high and low quotations appearing in the “Platts US 
Marketscan” under the heading “Atlantic Coast New York” subheading 
“Residual fuel ($/bbl)” and “Cargo” for “No. 6 1%” and the average of the 
settlement prices as made public by ICE for the front month ICE Futures 
Europe Brent 1st Line Future for each business day (as specified below) in the 
determination period. 
Roll Adjust Provision 
The nearby month quotation for ICE Futures Europe Brent Futures will be 
used except for the expiration date of the commodity’s underlying delivery 
month’s futures contract.  On such date, the applicable pricing quotation will 
be rolled to the following month’s futures contract. 
Contract Series 
Up to 48 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Platts US Marketscan and ICE 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 


 
 
 
3 
FUEL OIL CRACK – NEW YORK 1% FUEL OIL VS WTI 1ST LINE FUTURE 
Product Name 
Fuel Oil Crack – New York 1% Fuel Oil vs WTI 1st Line Future 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the difference the Platts daily 
assessment price for New York 1% Fuel Oil and the daily settlement price for 
ICE WTI 1st Line Future. 
Contract Symbol 
FOK 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the difference between the 
average of the mean of the high and low quotations appearing in the “Platts US 
Marketscan” under the heading “Atlantic Coast New York” subheading 
“Residual fuel ($/bbl)” and “Cargo” for “No. 6 1%” and the average of the 
settlement prices as made public by ICE for the front month ICE WTI 1st Line 
Future contract for each business day (as specified below) in the determination 
period. 
Contract Series 
Up to 48 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Platts US Marketscan and ICE 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
 
 
4 
RESERVED 
FUEL OIL CRACK – USGC HSFO (PLATTS) VS BRENT 1ST LINE  FUTURE 
Product Name 
Fuel Oil Crack – USGC HSFO (PLATTS) vs Brent 1st Line Future 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the difference between the Platts daily 
assessment price for US Gulf Coast High Sulphur Fuel Oil and the ICE 
settlement price for Brent 1st Line Future. 
Contract Symbol 
GCS 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the difference between the 
average of the “Mid” quotations appearing in the “Platts US Marketscan” 
under the heading “Gulf Coast” subheading “Houston and “$/barrel” for 
“USGC HSFO” and the average of the settlement prices as made public by 
ICE for the front month ICE Futures Europe Brent Crude Future for each 
business day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
Non-Common Pricing applies. 
Roll Adjust Provision 
The nearby month quotation for ICE Futures Europe Brent Futures will be 
used except for the expiration date of the commodity’s underlying delivery 
month’s futures contract.  On such date, the applicable pricing quotation will 
be rolled to the following month’s futures contract. 
Contract Series 
Up to 48 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Platts US Marketscan and ICE 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
 
 
5 
FUEL OIL CRACK – USGC HSFO (PLATTS) VS BRENT 1ST LINE BALMO FUTURE 
Product Name 
Fuel Oil Crack – USGC HSFO (Platts) vs Brent 1st Line Balmo Future 
Contract Description 
A balance of the month cash settled future based on the difference between the 
Platts daily assessment price for US Gulf Coast High Sulphur Fuel Oil and the 
ICE settlement price for Brent 1st Line Future. 
Contract Symbol 
GCT 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the difference between the 
average of the “Mid” quotations appearing in the “Platts US Marketscan” 
under the heading “Gulf Coast” subheading “Houston and “$/barrel” for 
“USGC HSFO” and the average of the settlement prices as made public by 
ICE for the front month ICE Futures Europe Brent Crude Future for each 
business day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
Non-Common Pricing applies. 
Roll Adjust Provision 
The nearby month quotation for ICE Futures Europe Brent Futures will be 
used except for the expiration date of the commodity’s underlying delivery 
month’s futures contract.  On such date, the applicable pricing quotation will 
be rolled to the following month’s futures contract. 
Contract Series 
Up to 2 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Platts US Marketscan and ICE 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 


 
 
 
6 
FUEL OIL CRACK – USGC HSFO (PLATTS) VS WTI 1ST LINE FUTURE 
Product Name 
Fuel Oil Crack – USGC HSFO (Platts) vs WTI 1st Line Future 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the difference between the Platts daily 
assessment price for US Gulf Coast High Sulphur Fuel Oil and the ICE 
settlement price for WTI 1st Line Future. 
Contract Symbol 
GUF 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the difference between the 
average of the “Mid” quotations appearing in the “Platts US Marketscan” 
under the heading “Gulf Coast” subheading “Houston and “$/barrel” for 
“USGC HSFO” and the average of the settlement prices as made public by 
NYMEX for the front month WTI Future for each business day (as specified 
below) in the determination period. 
Common Pricing applies. 
Contract Series 
Up to 48 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Platts US Marketscan 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
 
 
7 
GASOLINE CRACK – RBOB GASOLINE 1ST LINE VS BRENT 1ST LINE FUTURE (IN BBLS) 
Product Name 
Gasoline Crack – RBOB Gasoline 1st Line vs Brent 1st Line Future (in 
Bbls) 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the difference between the ICE 
settlement price for RBOB Gasoline 1st Line Future and the ICE settlement 
price for Brent 1st Line Future (in bbls). 
Contract Symbol 
RBR 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the difference between the 
average of the settlement prices as made public by NYMEX for the front month 
RBOB Gasoline Future and the average of the settlement prices as made public 
by ICE for the front month ICE Futures Europe Brent Crude Future for each 
business day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
Non-Common Pricing applies. 
conversion factor:  1 barrel = 42 gallons 
Roll Adjust Provision 
The nearby month quotation for ICE Futures Europe Brent Futures will be used 
except for the expiration date of the commodity’s underlying delivery month’s 
futures contract.  On such date, the applicable pricing quotation will be rolled to 
the following month’s futures contract. 
Contract Series 
Up to 62 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for ICE and NYMEX 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 


 
 
 
8 
GASOLINE CRACK – RBOB GASOLINE 1ST LINE VS BRENT 1ST LINE BALMO FUTURE (IN 
BBLS) 
Product Name 
Gasoline Crack – RBOB Gasoline 1st Line vs Brent 1st Line Balmo Future 
(in Bbls) 
Contract Description 
A balance of the month cash settled future based on the difference between the 
ICE settlement price for RBOB Gasoline 1st Line Future and the ICE settlement 
price for Brent 1st Line Future (in bbls). 
Contract Symbol 
RBQ 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the difference between the 
average of the settlement prices as made public by NYMEX for the front month 
RBOB Gasoline Future and the average of the settlement prices as made public 
by ICE for the front month ICE Futures Europe Brent Crude Future for each 
business day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
Non-Common Pricing applies. 
conversion factor:  1 barrel = 42 gallons 
Roll Adjust Provision 
The nearby month quotation for ICE Futures Europe Brent Futures will be used 
except for the expiration date of the commodity’s underlying delivery month’s 
futures contract.  On such date, the applicable pricing quotation will be rolled to 
the following month’s futures contract. 
Contract Series 
Up to 2 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for ICE and NYMEX 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
 
 
9 
GASOLINE CRACK – RBOB GASOLINE 1ST LINE VS WTI 1ST LINE FUTURE (IN BBLS) 
Product Name 
Gasoline Crack – RBOB Gasoline 1st Line vs WTI 1st Line Future (in 
Bbls) 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the difference between the ICE 
settlement price for RBOB Gasoline 1st Line Future and the ICE settlement 
price for WTI 1st Line Future (in bbls). 
Contract Symbol 
RBW 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the difference between the 
average of the settlement prices as made public by NYMEX for the front 
month RBOB Gasoline Future and the average of the settlement prices as made 
public by NYMEX for the front month WTI Future for each business day (as 
specified below) in the determination period. 
conversion factor:  1 barrel = 42 gallons. 
Contract Series 
Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for NYMEX 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 


 
 
 
10 
HEATING OIL CRACK – HEATING OIL 1ST LINE VS BRENT 1ST LINE FUTURE (IN BBLS) 
Product Name 
Heating Oil Crack – Heating Oil 1st Line vs Brent 1st Line Future (in Bbls) 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the difference between the ICE 
settlement price for Heating Oil 1st Line Future and the ICE settlement price for 
Brent 1st Line Future (in bbls). 
Contract Symbol 
HBT 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the difference between the 
average of the settlement prices as made public by NYMEX for the front month 
NY Harbor ULSD Future and the average of the settlement prices as made 
public by ICE for the front month ICE Futures Europe Brent Crude Future for 
each business day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
Non-Common Pricing applies. 
conversion factor:  1 barrel = 42 gallons 
Roll Adjust Provision 
The nearby month quotation for ICE Futures Europe Brent Futures will be used 
except for the expiration date of the commodity’s underlying delivery month’s 
futures contract.  On such date, the applicable pricing quotation will be rolled to 
the following month’s futures contract. 
Contract Series 
Up to 62 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for ICE and NYMEX 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 


 
 
 
11 
HEATING OIL CRACK – HEATING OIL 1ST LINE VS WTI 1ST LINE FUTURE 
Product Name 
Heating Oil Crack – Heating Oil 1st Line vs WTI 1st Line Future 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the difference between the daily 
settlement price for Heating Oil 1st Line Future and the daily settlement price 
for WTI 1st Line Future. 
Contract Symbol 
HBW 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Last business day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the difference between the 
average of the settlement prices as made public by ICE for the front month 
Heating Oil 1st Line Future and the average of the settlement prices as made 
public by ICE for the front month WTI 1st Line Future for each business day 
(as specified below) in the determination period. 
conversion factor:  1 barrel = 42 gallons 
Contract Series 
Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for ICE 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
 
 
12 
JET FUEL CRACK – GULF COAST JET FUEL VS BRENT 1ST LINE FUTURE 
Product Name 
Jet Fuel Crack – Gulf Coast Jet Fuel vs Brent 1st Line Future 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the difference between the Platts daily 
assessment price for Gulf Coast Jet 54 Pipeline and the ICE daily settlement 
price for Brent 1st Line Future. 
Contract Symbol 
GUB 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the difference between the 
average of the mean of the high and low quotations appearing in the “Platts 
US Marketscan” under the heading “Gulf Coast” subheading “Distillates and 
blendstocks” and “Pipeline” for “Jet 54” and the average of the settlement 
prices as made public by ICE for the front month ICE Futures Europe Brent 1st 
Line Future for each business day (as specified below) in the determination 
period. 
conversion factor:  1 barrel = 42 gallons 
Roll Adjust Provision 
The nearby month quotation for ICE Futures Europe Brent Futures will be 
used except for the expiration date of the commodity’s underlying delivery 
month’s futures contract.  On such date, the applicable pricing quotation will 
be rolled to the following month’s futures contract. 
Contract Series 
Up to 48 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Platts US Marketscan and ICE 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
13 
19.B.15 Fuel Oil Crack - Marine Fuel 0.5% FOB USGC Barges (Platts) vs Brent 1st Line Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based on the Platts daily assessment price for 0.5% FOB US 
Gulf Coast Barges Marine Fuel and the ICE settlement price for Brent 1st Line Future 
 
Contract Symbol: FOQ 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per barrel based on the difference between the average of the “$/barrel” quotations appearing in the 
“Platts US Marketscan” under the heading “Marine Fuel” for “0.5% FOB US Gulf Coast barge" and the 
average of the settlement prices as made public by ICE for the front month Brent Future for each business 
day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
 
Roll Adjust Provision: In order to use the correct Floating Price quotations, the nearby month quotation 
for ICE Brent Futures specified in the Floating Price terms above will be used except for the expiration 
date of the commodity's underlying delivery month's futures contract. On such date, the applicable pricing 
quotation will be rolled to the following month's futures contract. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
Business Days: Publication days for Platts US Marketscan and ICE 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 


 
 
 
14 
19.B.16 Heating Oil Crack - NYH ULSHO 1st Line vs Brent 1st Line Future (in Bbls) 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based on the difference between the ICE settlement price for 
NYH ULSHO 1st Line Future and the ICE settlement price for Brent 1st Line Future (in bbls). 
 
Contract Symbol: NYH 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per barrel 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per barrel 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per barrel based on the difference between the average of the settlement prices as made public by ICE for 
the front month NYH ULSHO Future and the average of the settlement prices as made public by ICE for 
the front month Brent Crude Future for each business day (as specified below) in the determination 
period.  
 
conversion factor: 1 barrel = 42 gallons 
 
Roll Adjust Provision: In order to use the correct Floating Price quotations, the nearby month quotation 
for ICE Brent Futures specified in the Floating Price terms above will be used except for the expiration 
date of the commodity's underlying delivery month's futures contract. On such date, the applicable pricing 
quotation will be rolled to the following month's futures contract. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
Business days: ICE Business Days 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
15 
19.B.17 Heating Oil Crack - NYH ULSHO 1st Line vs WTI 1st Line Future (in Bbls) 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based on the difference between the settlement price for NYH 
ULSHO 1st Line Future and the settlement price for WTI 1st Line Future. 
 
Contract Symbol: NYW 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per barrel 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per barrel 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per barrel based on the difference between the average of the settlement prices as made public by ICE for 
the front month NYH ULSHO Future and the average of the settlement prices as made public by ICE for 
the front month WTI Future for each business day (as specified below) in the determination period.  
 
conversion factor: 1 barrel = 42 gallons 
 
Contract Series: Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
Business days: ICE Business Days 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
16 
19.B.18 Heating Oil Crack - NYH ULSHO 1st Line vs Permian WTI 1st Line Future (in Bbls) 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based on the difference between the settlement price for NYH 
ULSHO 1st Line Future and the settlement price for Permian WTI 1st Line Future. 
 
Contract Symbol: NYP 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per barrel 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per barrel 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per barrel based on the difference between the average of the settlement prices as made public by ICE for 
the front month NYH ULSHO Future and the average of the settlement prices as made public by ICE for 
the front month Permian WTI Future for each business day (as specified below) in the determination 
period. 
 
conversion factor: 1 barrel = 42 gallons 
 
Contract Series: Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
Business days: ICE Business Days 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
17 
19.B.19 Fuel Oil Crack - Marine Fuel 0.5% USGC Barges (Platts) vs Brent Crude 1st Line Balmo 
Future 
 
Description: A balance of the month cash settled future based on the difference between the Platts daily 
assessment price for 0.5% FOB US Gulf Coast Barges Marine Fuel and the ICE settlement price for Brent 
1st Line Future 
 
Contract Symbol: MGG 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per barrel based on the difference between the average of the “$/barrel” quotations appearing in the 
“Platts US Marketscan” under the heading “Marine Fuel” for “0.5% FOB US Gulf Coast barge" and the 
average of the settlement prices as made public by ICE for the front month Brent Future for each business 
day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
 
Roll Adjust Provision: The nearby month quotation for ICE Futures Europe Brent Futures will be used 
except for the expiration date of the commodity’s underlying delivery month’s futures contract. On such 
date, the applicable pricing quotation will be rolled to the following month’s futures contract. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 2 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Business Days: Publication days for Platts US Marketscan and ICE 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
1 
SUBCHAPTER 19C -  
DIFFERENTIAL FUTURES CONTRACTS – CRUDE OIL AND REFINED PRODUCTS 
19.C.1 Crude Diff – Argus WCS (Cushing) Crude Oil Trade Month Future 
19.C.2 Crude Diff - Argus LLS vs. Brent 1st Line Future 
19.C.3 Crude Diff – Argus LLS vs WTI 1st Line Future 
19.C.4 Crude Diff – Argus LLS vs WTI Trade Month Future 
19.C.5 Crude Diff – Argus Mars vs WTI 1st Line Future 
19.C.6 Argus Mars vs WTI Trade Month Future 
19.C.7 Crude Diff – Argus Mars vs Brent 1st Line Future 
19.C.8 Crude Diff – Argus WTI CMA Trade Month Future 
19.C.9 RESERVED 
19.C.10 Crude Diff – Argus WTS vs WTI Trade Month Future 
19.C.11 Crude Diff – Argus WTI Midland vs WTI 1st Line Future 
19.C.12 Crude Diff – Argus WTI Midland vs WTI Trade Month Future 
19.C.13 RESERVED 
19.C.14 Crude Diff – Argus WTI Houston vs WTI 1st Line Future 
19.C.15 Crude Diff – Argus WTI Houston vs WTI Trade Month Future 
19.C.16 Crude Diff – Argus WTI Houston vs Argus WTI Midland Trade Month Future 
19.C.17 Crude Diff – Argus Sour Crude Index (ASCI) Diff Calendar Future 
19.C.18 Crude Diff – ICE SYN 1A Index Future 
19.C.19 Crude Diff – ICE WCS 1B Index Future 
19.C.20 Crude Diff – ICE WCS 1A Index Future 
19.C.21 Crude Diff – ICE SW 1A Index Future 
19.C.22 Crude Diff – ICE UHC 1A Index Future 
19.C.23 RESERVED 
19.C.24 Crude Diff – WTI 1st Line vs Brent 1st Line Future 
19.C.25 Condensate Diff –ICE  C5 1A Index Future 
19.C.26 Crude Diff – Argus Bakken (Clearbrook) Crude Oil Future 
19.C.27 RESERVED 
19.C.28 Crude Diff – Argus LLS vs WTI 1st Line Balmo Future 
19.C.29 Crude Diff – Argus LLS vs WTI Trade Month Balmo Future 
19.C.30 Crude Diff – Argus Mars vs WTI 1st Line Balmo Future 
19.C.31 RESERVED 
19.C.32 RESERVED 
19.C.33 Crude Diff – Argus WTS vs WTI Trade Month Balmo Future 


 
2 
19.C.34 RESERVED 
19.C.35 RESERVED 
19.C.36 RESERVED 
19.C.37 RESERVED 
19.C.38 RESERVED 
19.C.39 RESERVED 
19.C.40 Crude Diff – ICE SW 1A Index Balmo Future 
19.C.41 RESERVED 
19.C.42 RESERVED  
19.C.43 Crude Diff – WTI 1st Line vs Brent 1st Line Balmo Future 
19.C.44 Crude Diff – WTI vs Brent Bullet Future 
19.C.45 Crude Diff – WTI 1-Month Calendar Spread Future 
19.C.46 RESERVED 
19.C.47 Condensate Diff – ICE C5 1B Index Future 
19.C.48 RESERVED 
19.C.49 Fuel Oil Diff – New York 1% Fuel Oil vs 1% FOB NWE Cargoes Fuel Oil Future 
19.C.50 RESERVED  
19.C.51 Fuel Oil Diff – New York 1% Fuel Oil (Platts) vs USGC HSFO (Platts) Future 
19.C.52 Fuel Oil Diff – New York 1% Fuel Oil (Platts) vs USGC HSFO (Platts) Balmo Future 
19.C.53 Fuel Oil Diff – New York 3.0% Fuel Oil (Platts) vs USGC HSFO (Platts) Future 
19.C.54 Fuel Oil Diff – USGC HSFO (Platts) vs Fuel Oil 3.5% FOB Rotterdam Barges (Platts) Future (in 
Bbls) 
19.C.55 Fuel Oil Diff – USGC HSFO (Platts) vs Fuel Oil 3.5% FOB Rotterdam Barges (Platts) Balmo Future 
(in Bbls) 
19.C.56 RESERVED  
19.C.57 Diesel Diff – Gulf Coast ULSD vs Heating Oil 1st Line Future 
19.C.58 Diesel Diff – Gulf Coast ULSD (Platts) vs Heating Oil 1st Line Balmo Future 
19.C.59 RESERVED 
19.C.60 Diesel Diff – Gulf Coast ULSD (Platts) vs Gulf Coast Jet Fuel (Platts) Future 
19.C.61 RESERVED 
19.C.62 RESERVED 
19.C.63 RESERVED 
19.C.64 Diesel Diff – Argus 62-Grade NYH ULSD vs Heating Oil 1st Line Future 
19.C.65 RESERVED. 
19.C.66 RESERVED 
19.C.67 Diesel Diff – Group 3 ULSD (Platts) vs Heating Oil 1st Line Future 
19.C.68 Diesel Diff – Group 3 ULSD (OPIS) vs Heating Oil 1st Line Future 
19.C.69 Heating Oil Arb – Heating Oil 1st Line vs Low Sulphur Gasoil 1st Line Future (in Bbls) 


 
3 
19.C.70 Heating Oil Arb – Heating Oil 1st Line vs Low Sulphur Gasoil 1st Line Balmo Future (in Bbls) 
19.C.71 Jet Fuel Diff – Gulf Coast Jet Fuel vs Heating Oil 1st Line Future 
19.C.72 Jet Fuel Diff – Gulf Coast Jet Fuel (Platts) vs Heating Oil 1st Line Balmo Future 
19.C.73 RESERVED 
19.C.74 Jet Fuel Diff – LA Jet Fuel (Platts) vs Heating Oil 1st Line Future 
19.C.75 Jet Fuel Diff – LA Jet Fuel (Platts) vs Heating Oil 1st Line Balmo Future 
19.C.76 RESERVED 
19.C.77 RESERVED 
19.C.78 RESERVED 
19.C.79 RESERVED 
19.C.80 RESERVED   
19.C.81 Fuel Oil Diff – Fuel Oil 380 CST Singapore (Platts) vs USGC HSFO (Platts) Future (in Bbls) 
19.C.82 Gasoline Diff – RBOB Gasoline 1st Line vs Argus Eurobob Oxy FOB Rotterdam Barge Future 
19.C.83 Gasoline Diff – RBOB Gasoline 1st Line vs Argus Eurobob Oxy FOB Rotterdam Barges Balmo 
Future 
19.C.84 Gasoline Diff – RBOB Gasoline 1st Line vs Argus Eurobob Oxy FOB Rotterdam Barges Mini Future 
19.C.85 Gasoline Diff – RBOB Gasoline 1st Line vs Argus Eurobob Oxy FOB Rotterdam Barges Balmo Mini 
Future 
19.C.86 Gasoline Diff – RBOB Gasoline 1-Month Calendar Spread Future 
19.C.87 Gasoline Diff – Gulf Coast Unl 87 Gasoline Prompt Pipeline (Platts) vs RBOB Gasoline 1st Line 
Future 
19.C.88 Gasoline Diff – Gulf Coast Unl 87 Gasoline Prompt Pipeline (Platts) vs RBOB Gasoline 1st Line 
Balmo Future 
19.C.89 Gasoline Diff – Gulf Coast CBOB 87 Gasoline Prompt Pipeline (Platts) vs RBOB Gasoline 1st Line 
Future 
19.C.90 Gasoline Diff – Gulf Coast CBOB 87 GasOline Prompt Pipeline (Platts) vs RBOB Gasoline 1st Line 
Balmo Future 
19.C.91 Gasoline Diff – Group 3 Sub-octane Gasoline (Platts) vs RBOB Gasoline 1st Line Future 
19.C.92 Gasoline Diff – Group 3 Sub-Octane Gasoline (Platts) vs RBOB Gasoline 1st Line Balmo Future 
19.C.93 Gasoline Diff – Group 3 V-Grade Sub-octane Gasoline (OPIS) vs RBOB Gasoline 1st Line Future 
19.C.94 RESERVED  
19.C.95 Crude Diff – ICE WCS 1B Index Balmo Future 
19.C.96 Crude Diff – ICE WCS 1A Index Balmo Future 
19.C.97 RESERVED 
19.C.98 RESERVED 
19.C.99 Natural Gasoline, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Non-TET vs Naphtha CIF NWE Cargoes (Platts) Future 
19.C.100 RESERVED 
19.C.101 Diesel Diff – New York Harbor ULSD 1-Month Calendar Spread Future 
19.C.102 Crude Diff - Argus WCS (Houston) Crude OIl Trade MonthFuture  


 
4 
19.C.103 RESERVED 
19.C.104 Gasoline Diff - RBOB Gasoline 1st Line vs Argus Eurobob Non-Oxy FOB Rotterdam Barges Future 
19.C.105 Fuel Oil Diff - Marine Fuel 0.5% USGC Barges (Platts) vs. USGC HSFO (Platts) Future 
19.C.106 RESERVED 
 
19.C.107 RESERVED 
19.C.108 Condensate Diff - ICE C5 PEA 1a Index Future 
19.C.109 Condensate Diff - ICE C5 ENB 1a Index Future 
19.C.110 Fuel Oil Diff - Marine Fuel 0.5% FOB USGC Barges (Platts) vs 3.5% FOB Rotterdam Barges (Platts) 
Future (in Bbls) 
19.C.111 RESERVED 
19.C.112 RESERVED 
19.C.113 Heating Oil Arb - NYH ULSHO 1st Line vs Low Sulphur Gasoil 1st Line Future (in Bbls) 
19.C.114 Crude Diff - Permian WTI 1st Line vs Brent 1st Line Future 
19.C.115 Crude Diff - Permian WTI 1st Line vs WTI 1st Line Future 
19.C.116 Crude Diff - Permian WTI 1st Line vs Dubai 1st Line (Platts) Future 
19.C.117 RESERVED 
19.C.118 Crude Diff - Argus WTL Midland vs. WT1 Trade Month Future 
19.C.119 Fuel Oil Diff - Marine Fuel 0.5% FOB USGC Barges (Platts) vs Marine Fuel 0.5% FOB Rotterdam 
Barges (Platts) Balmo Future (in MTs) 
19.C.120 Fuel Oil Diff - Marine fuel 0.5% FOB USGC Barges (Platts) vs Marine Fuel 0.5% FOB Rotterdam Barges 
(Platts) Future (in MTs) 
19.C.121 RESERVED 
19.C.128 Fuel Oil Diff - Marine Fuel 0.5% FOB USGC Barges (Platts) vs. Marine Fuel 0.5% FOB Rotterdam 
Barges (Platts) Future (in Bbls) 
19.C.129 Crude Diff - Argus WTI Houston vs. Dated Brent (Platts) Future 
19.C.130 Fuel Oil Diff - Marine Fuel 0.5% FOB USGC Barges (Platts) vs USGC HSFO (Platts) Future (in MTs) 
 
19.C.131 Fuel Oil Diff - Marine Fuel 0.5% FOB USGC Barges (Platts) vs USGC HSFO (Platts) Balmo Future (in 
MTs) 
 
19.C.132 Fuel Oil Diff - Marine Fuel 0.5% Delivered US Atlantic Coast Barges (Platts) vs Marine Fuel 0.5% FOB 
USGC Barges (Platts) Future (in MTs) 
 
19.C.133 Fuel Oil Diff - Marine Fuel 0.5% Delivered US Atlantic Coast Barges (Platts) vs Marine Fuel 0.5% FOB 
USGC Barges (Platts) Future (in Bbls) 
 
19.C.134 Fuel Oil Diff - Marine Fuel 0.5% FOB USGC (Platts) vs Low Sulphur Gasoil 1st Line Future 
 
19.C.135 Fuel Oil Diff - Marine Fuel 0.5% FOB USGC (Platts) vs Low Sulphur Gasoil 1st Line Balmo Future 
 
19.C.136 Crude Oil Diff - Argus SGC vs WTI Trade Month Future 
 
19.C.137 Crude Oil Diff - Argus SGC vs WTI 1st Line Future 


 
5 
 
19.C.138 Gasoline Diff - Argus Gulf Coast CBOB A vs RBOB Gasoline 1st Line Future 
 
19.C.139 Biofuel Diff - Argus US B99 NYH vs Heating Oil 1st Line Future 
 
19.C.140 Biofuel Diff - Argus US B99 NYH vs NYH ULSHO 1st Line Future 
 
19.C.141 Crude Oil Diff - Midland WTI American Gulf Coast Diff to CMA ICE Trade Month Future 
 
19.C.142 Crude Oil Diff - Midland WTI American Gulf Coast Diff to CMA ICE Trade Month Balmo Future 
 
19.C.143 Crude Oil Diff - Argus Bakken Cushing vs WTI Trade Month Future 
 
19.C.144 Crude Oil Diff - Argus Bakken Cushing vs WTI 1st Line Future 
 
19.C.145 Crude Diff - Argus Bakken (Patoka) Crude Oil Trade Month Future 
 
19.C.146 Crude Diff - ICE Midland WTI American Gulf Coast Trade Month vs WTI Trade Month Future 
 
19.C.147 Fuel Oil Diff - Marine Fuel 0.5% USGC Barges (Platts) vs Marine Fuel 0.5% FOB Rotterdam Barges 
(Platts) Balmo Future (in Bbls) 
 
19.C.148 Gasoline Diff - USGC RBOB (Platts) vs RBOB Gasoline 1st Line Future 
 
19.C.149 Gasoline Diff - USGC RBOB (Platts) vs RBOB Gasoline 1st Line Balmo Future 
 
19.C.150  Crude Diff - Argus Bakken (DAPL) Crude Oil Trade Month Future 
 
19.C.151  Reserved 
 
19.C.152  Crude Diff - ICE CLK 1a Index Future 
 
19.C.153  Crude Diff - Argus Canadian High TAN (Houston) Crude Oil Trade Month Future 
 
19.C.154 Gasoline Diff - RBOB Gasoline 1st Line vs Argus Eurobob Non-Oxy FOB Rotterdam Barges Mini Future 
 
 
 


 
6 
 
 
19.C.1 CRUDE DIFF – ARGUS WCS (CUSHING) CRUDE OIL TRADE MONTH FUTURE 
Product Name 
Crude Diff – Argus WCS (Cushing) Crude Oil Trade Month Future 
Contract Description 
A cash settled future based on the Argus daily assessment price for WCS 
(Western Canadian Select) basis Cushing.  The Argus WCS (Cushing) Crude 
Oil Trade Month Future is expressed as a differential to WTI Calendar Month 
Average (CMA NYMEX). 
Company Symbol 
CSH 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Trading shall cease at the close of trading on the last business day that falls on 
or before the 25th calendar day of the month prior to the contract month.  If the 
25th calendar day is a weekend or holiday, trading shall cease on the first 
business day prior to the 25th calendar day. 
Final Settlement Price 
In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per barrel based on the average of the “Diff weighted average” quotations 
appearing in the “Argus Crude” report under the heading “US Gulf Coast and 
Midcontinent”, subheading “Midcontinent” for “WCS Cushing”, basis “CMA 
Nymex” for each business day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
Contract Series 
Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Argus Crude 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
7 
19.C.2 CRUDE DIFF – ARGUS LLS VS BRENT 1ST LINE FUTURE 
Product Name 
Crude Diff – Argus LLS vs Brent 1st Line Future 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the difference between the Argus daily 
assessment price for Light Louisiana Sweet Crude Oil (1st Month) and the ICE 
daily settlement price for Brent 1st Line Future. 
Company Symbol 
ARI 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the difference between the average 
of the quotations appearing in the “Argus Crude” report under the heading “US 
pipeline”, subheading “VWA” for “LLS” and the average of the settlement 
prices as made public by ICE for the ICE Futures Europe Brent 1st Line Future 
for each business day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
Non-Common Pricing Applies. 
Roll Adjust Provision 
The nearby month quotation for ICE Futures Europe Brent Futures will be used 
except for the expiration date of the commodity’s underlying delivery month’s 
futures contract.  On such date, the applicable pricing quotation will be rolled to 
the following month’s futures contract. 
Contract Series 
Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Argus Crude and ICE 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
8 
19.C.3 CRUDE DIFF – ARGUS LLS VS WTI 1ST LINE FUTURE 
Product Name 
Crude Diff – Argus LLS vs WTI 1st Line Future 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the difference between the Argus daily 
assessment price for Light Louisiana Sweet Crude Oil (1st Month) and the ICE 
daily settlement price for WTI 1st Line Future. 
Company Symbol 
ARK 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the difference between the 
average of the quotations appearing in the “Argus Crude” report under the 
heading “US pipeline”, subheading “VWA” for “LLS” and the average of the 
settlement prices as made public by ICE for the ICE WTI 1st Line Future for 
each business day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
Common Pricing applies. 
Contract Series 
Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Argus Crude 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 


 
9 
19.C.4 CRUDE DIFF – ARGUS LLS VS WTI TRADE MONTH FUTURE 
Product Name 
Crude Diff – Argus LLS vs WTI Trade Month Future 
Contract Description 
A cash settled future based on the difference between the Argus daily 
assessment price for Light Louisiana Sweet Crude Oil (1st Month) and the Argus 
daily assessment price for WTI Formula Basis (1st Month). 
Company Symbol 
ARL 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Trading shall cease at the close of trading on the last business day that falls on 
or before the 25th calendar day of the month prior to the contract month.  If the 
25th calendar day is a weekend or holiday, trading shall cease on the first 
business day prior to the 25th calendar day. 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the average of the quotations 
appearing in the “Argus Crude” report under the heading “US pipeline”, 
subheading “Diff” for “LLS” for each business day (as specified below) in the 
determination period. 
The determination period shall be the trade month period beginning with the 
first business day after the 25th calendar day two months prior to the contract 
month through the last business day that falls on or before the 25th calendar day 
of the month prior to the contract month.  If the 25th calendar day is a weekend 
or holiday, the trade month period shall end on the first business day prior to the 
25th calendar day. 
Common Pricing applies. 
Contract Series 
Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Argus Crude 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
10 
19.C.5 CRUDE DIFF – ARGUS MARS VS WTI 1ST LINE FUTURE 
Product Name 
Crude Diff – Argus Mars vs WTI 1st Line Future 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the difference between the Argus daily 
assessment price for Mars Crude Oil (1st Month) and the ICE daily settlement 
price for WTI 1st Line Future. 
Company Symbol 
ARO 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the difference between the 
average of the quotations appearing in the “Argus Crude” report under the 
heading “US pipeline”, subheading “VWA” for “Mars” and the average of the 
settlement prices as made public by ICE for the WTI 1st Line Future for each 
business day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
Common Pricing applies. 
Contract Series 
Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Argus Crude 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
11 
19.C.6 ARGUS MARS VS WTI TRADE MONTH FUTURE 
Product Name 
Argus Mars vs WTI Trade Month Future 
Contract Description 
A cash settled future based on the difference between the Argus daily 
assessment price for Mars Crude Oil (1st Month) and the Argus daily 
assessment price for WTI Formula Basis (1st Month) 
Company Symbol 
ARW 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Trading shall cease at the close of trading on the last business day that falls on 
or before the 25th calendar day of the month prior to the contract month.  If the 
25th calendar day is a weekend or holiday, trading shall cease on the first 
business day prior to the 25th calendar day 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the average of the quotations 
appearing in the “Argus Crude” report under the heading “US pipeline”, 
subheading “Diff” for “Mars” for each business day (as specified below) in the 
determination period. 
The determination period shall be the trade month period beginning with the 
first business day after the 25th calendar day two months prior to the contract 
month through the last business day that falls on or before the 25th calendar day 
of the month prior to the contract month.  If the 25th calendar day is a weekend 
or holiday, the trade month period shall end on the first business day prior to the 
25th calendar day. 
Common Pricing applies. 
Contract Series 
Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Argus Crude 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
12 
19.C.7 CRUDE DIFF – ARGUS MARS VS BRENT 1ST LINE FUTURE 
Product Name 
Crude Diff – Argus Mars vs Brent 1st Line Future 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the difference between the Argus daily 
assessment price for Mars Crude Oil (1st Month) and the ICE daily settlement 
price for Brent 1st Line Future. 
Company Symbol 
ARN 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the difference between the 
average of the quotations appearing in the “Argus Crude” report under the 
heading “US pipeline”, subheading “VWA” for “Mars” and the average of the 
settlement prices as made public by ICE for the ICE Futures Europe Brent 1st 
Line Future for each business day (as specified below) in the determination 
period. 
Non-Common Pricing Applies. 
Roll Adjust Provision 
The nearby month settlement quotation for ICE Futures Europe Brent Futures 
will be used except for the expiration date of the commodity’s underlying 
delivery month’s futures contract.  On such date, the applicable pricing 
quotation will be rolled to the following month’s futures contract. 
Contract Series 
Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Argus Crude and ICE 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 


 
13 
19.C.8 CRUDE DIFF – ARGUS WTI CMA TRADE MONTH FUTURE 
Product Name 
Crude Diff – Argus WTI CMA Trade Month Future 
Contract Description 
A cash settled future based on the Argus daily assessment price for Argus WTI 
vs NYMEX WTI CMA 
Company Symbol 
AIM 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Trading shall cease at the close of trading on the last business day that falls on 
or before the 25th calendar day of the month prior to the contract month.  If the 
25th calendar day is a weekend or holiday, trading shall cease on the first 
business day prior to the 25th calendar day. 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the average of the quotations 
appearing in the “Argus Crude” report under the heading “US Gulf Coast And 
Midcontinent” subheading “WTI” and “Diff weighted average” for “WTI Diff 
to CMA NYMEX” for each business day (as specified below) in the 
determination period. 
The determination period shall be the trade month period beginning with the 
first business day after the 25th calendar day two months prior to the contract 
month through the last business day that falls on or before the 25th calendar day 
of the month prior to the contract month.  If the 25th calendar day is a weekend 
or holiday, the trade month period shall end on the first business day prior to the 
25th calendar day. 
Contract Series 
Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Argus Crude 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
14 
19.C.9 RESERVED 
19.C.10 CRUDE DIFF – ARGUS WTS VS WTI TRADE MONTH FUTURE 
Product Name 
Crude Diff – Argus WTS vs WTI Trade Month Future 
Contract Description 
A cash settled future based on the difference between the Argus daily 
assessment price for WTS (1st Month) and the Argus daily assessment price for 
WTI Formula Basis (1st Month) 
Company Symbol 
AVT 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Trading shall cease at the close of trading on the last business day that falls on 
or before the 25th calendar day of the month prior to the contract month.  If the 
25th calendar day is a weekend or holiday, trading shall cease on the first 
business day prior to the 25th calendar day 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the average of the quotations 
appearing in the “Argus Crude” report under the heading “Gulf Coast and 
Midcontinent Domestic”, subheading “Diff weighted average” for “WTS” (1st 
month), for each business day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
The determination period shall be the trade month period beginning with the 
first business day after the 25th calendar day two months prior to the contract 
month through the last business day that falls on or before the 25th calendar day 
of the month prior to the contract month.  If the 25th calendar day is a weekend 
or holiday, the trade month period shall end on the first business day prior to the 
25th calendar day. 
Common Pricing applies. 
Contract Series 
Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Argus Crude 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
15 
19.C.11 CRUDE DIFF – ARGUS WTI MIDLAND VS WTI 1ST LINE FUTURE 
Product Name 
Crude Diff – Argus WTI Midland vs WTI 1st Line Future 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the difference between the Argus daily 
assessment price for WTI Midland (1st Month) and the ICE daily settlement 
price for WTI 1st Line Future 
Company Symbol 
MLT 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the difference between the 
average of the quotations appearing in the “Argus Crude” report under the 
heading “WTI”, subheading “Weighted average” for “WTI Midland” and the 
average of the settlement prices as made public by ICE for the ICE WTI 1st Line 
Future for each business day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
Common Pricing applies. 
Contract Series 
Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Argus Crude 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
16 
19.C.12 CRUDE DIFF – ARGUS WTI MIDLAND VS WTI TRADE MONTH FUTURE 
Product Name 
Crude Diff – Argus WTI Midland vs WTI Trade Month Future 
Contract Description 
A cash settled future based on the difference between the Argus daily 
assessment price for WTI Midland (1st Month) and the Argus daily assessment 
price for WTI Formula Basis (1st Month). 
Company Symbol 
MSV 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Trading shall cease at the close of trading on the last business day that falls on 
or before the 25th calendar day of the month prior to the contract month.  If the 
25th calendar day is a weekend or holiday, trading shall cease on the first 
business day prior to the 25th calendar day 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the average of the quotations 
appearing in the “Argus Crude” report under the heading “WTI”, subheading 
“Diff weighted average” for “WTI Midland” (1st month), for each business day 
(as specified below) in the determination period. 
The determination period shall be the trade month period beginning with the 
first business day after the 25th calendar day two months prior to the contract 
month through the last business day that falls on or before the 25th calendar day 
of the month prior to the contract month.  If the 25th calendar day is a weekend 
or holiday, the trade month period shall end on the first business day prior to the 
25th calendar day. 
Common Pricing applies. 
Contract Series 
Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Argus Crude 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
17 
19.C.13 RESERVED 
19.C.14 CRUDE DIFF – ARGUS WTI HOUSTON VS WTI 1ST LINE FUTURE 
Product Name 
Argus WTI Houston vs WTI 1st Line Future 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the difference between the Argus daily 
assessment price for WTI Houston (1st Month) Weighted Average and the daily 
settlement price for WTI 1st Line Future. 
Company Symbol 
AIL 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the difference between the 
average of the quotations appearing in the “Argus Crude” report under the 
heading “WTI” subheading “Weighted average” for “WTI Houston” (1st Month) 
and the average of the settlement prices as made public by ICE for the front 
month ICE WTI 1st Line Future contract for each business day (as specified 
below) in the determination period. 
Common Pricing applies. 
Contract Series 
Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Argus Crude 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
18 
19.C.15 CRUDE DIFF – ARGUS WTI HOUSTON VS WTI TRADE MONTH FUTURE 
Product Name 
Crude Diff – Argus WTI Houston vs WTI Trade Month Future 
Contract Description 
A cash settled future based on the Argus daily assessment price for WTI 
Houston (1st Month) Diff weighted average. 
Company Symbol 
ACM 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Trading shall cease at the close of trading on the last business day that falls on 
or before the 25th calendar day of the month prior to the contract month.  If the 
25th calendar day is a weekend or holiday, trading shall cease on the first 
business day prior to the 25th calendar day. 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the average of the quotations 
appearing in the “Argus Crude” report under the heading “US Gulf Coast And 
Midcontinent” subheading “WTI” and “Diff weighted average” for “WTI 
Houston” (1st month), for each business day (as specified below) in the 
determination period. 
The determination period shall be the trade month period beginning with the 
first business day after the 25th calendar day two months prior to the contract 
month through the last business day that falls on or before the 25th calendar day 
of the month prior to the contract month.  If the 25th calendar day is a weekend 
or holiday, the trade month period shall end on the first business day prior to the 
25th calendar day. 
Common Pricing applies. 
Contract Series 
Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Argus Crude 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
19 
19.C.16 CRUDE DIFF – ARGUS WTI HOUSTON VS ARGUS WTI MIDLAND TRADE MONTH FUTURE 
Product Name 
Crude Diff – Argus WTI Houston vs Argus WTI Midland Trade Month 
Future 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the difference between the Argus daily 
assessment price for WTI Houston (1st Month) Weighted Average and the Argus 
daily assessment price for WTI Midland (1st Month) Weighted Average. 
Company Symbol 
MSN 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Trading shall cease at the close of trading on the last business day that falls on 
or before the 25th calendar day of the month prior to the contract month.  If the 
25th calendar day is a weekend or holiday, trading shall cease on the first 
business day prior to the 25th calendar day. 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the difference between the 
average of the quotations appearing in the “Argus Crude” report under the 
heading “US Gulf Coast and Midcontinent” subheading “WTI” for “WTI 
Houston” (1st Month) Weighted Average and the average of the quotations 
appearing in the “Argus Crude” report under the heading “US Gulf Coast and 
Midcontinent” subheading “WTI” for “WTI Midland” (1st Month) Weighted 
Average for each business day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
Common Pricing applies. 
Contract Series 
Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Argus Crude 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
20 
19.C.17 CRUDE DIFF – ARGUS SOUR CRUDE INDEX (ASCI) DIFF CALENDAR FUTURE 
Product Name 
Crude Diff – Argus Sour Crude Index (ASCI) Diff Calendar Future 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled differential future based on the Argus daily assessment 
price for Sour Crude Index (ASCI) Diff Calendar Future. 
Company Symbol 
TAB 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the average of the daily price 
quotations appearing in the “Argus Crude” report under the heading “Argus 
Sour Crude Index” for “ASCI-Weighted Diff” for each business day (as 
specified below) in the determination period. 
Contract Series 
Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Argus Crude 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
21 
19.C.18 CRUDE DIFF – ICE SYN 1A INDEX FUTURE 
Product Name 
Crude Diff – ICE SYN 1A Index Future 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the ICE SYN (Light Sweet Synthetic 
Crude) Monthly Volume Weighted Average Price Index (ICE SYN 1a).  The 
ICE SYN 1a Index is expressed as a differential to the NYMEX WTI 1st Line 
Future (Calendar Month Average) 
Company Symbol 
TMS 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Trading shall cease one Canadian business day prior to the Notice of Shipments 
(NOS) date on the Enbridge Pipeline.  The NOS date occurs on or about the 
20th calendar day of the month, subject to confirmation by Enbridge Pipeline.  
The official schedule for the NOS dates will be made publicly available by 
Enbridge Pipeline prior to the start of each year 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the ICE SYN 1a Index, as 
published by NGX.  The index pricing period begins on the first Canadian 
business day of the calendar month prior to the contract month and ends on the 
Canadian business day prior to the NOS date (as published by Enbridge) in the 
same calendar month 
Contract Series 
Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for NGX Crude Oil Markets 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
22 
19.C.19 CRUDE DIFF – ICE WCS 1B INDEX FUTURE 
Product Name 
Crude Diff – ICE WCS 1B Index Future 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the ICE WCS (Western Canadian 
Select) Daily Weighted Average Price Index (ICE WCS 1b).  The ICE WCS 1b 
Index is expressed as a differential to the NYMEX WTI 1st Line Future 
(Calendar Month Average) 
Company Symbol 
TDX 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Trading shall cease one Canadian business day prior to the Notice of Shipments 
(NOS) date on the Enbridge Pipeline.  The NOS date occurs on or about the 
20th calendar day of the month, subject to confirmation by Enbridge Pipeline.  
The official schedule for the NOS dates will be made publicly available by 
Enbridge Pipeline prior to the start of each year 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the ICE WCS 1b Index, as 
published by NGX.  The index pricing period begins on the first Canadian 
business day of the calendar month prior to the contract month and ends on the 
Canadian business day prior to the NOS date (as published by Enbridge) in the 
same calendar month 
Contract Series 
Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for NGX Crude Oil Markets 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
23 
19.C.20 CRUDE DIFF – ICE WCS 1A INDEX FUTURE 
Product Name 
Crude Diff – ICE WCS 1A Index Future 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the ICE WCS (Western Canadian 
Select) Monthly Volume Weighted Average Price Index (ICE WCS 1a).  The 
ICE WCS 1a Index is expressed as a differential to the NYMEX WTI 1st Line 
Future (Calendar Month Average) 
Company Symbol 
TMW 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Trading shall cease one Canadian business day prior to the Notice of Shipments 
(NOS) date on the Enbridge Pipeline.  The NOS date occurs on or about the 
20th calendar day of the month, subject to confirmation by Enbridge Pipeline.  
The official schedule for the NOS dates will be made publicly available by 
Enbridge Pipeline prior to the start of each year. 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the ICE WCS 1a Index, as 
published by NGX.  The index pricing period begins on the first Canadian 
business day of the calendar month prior to the contract month and ends on the 
Canadian business day prior to the NOS date (as published by Enbridge) in the 
same calendar month. 
Contract Series 
Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for NGX Crude Oil Markets 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
24 
19.C.21 CRUDE DIFF – ICE SW 1A INDEX FUTURE 
Product Name 
Crude Diff – ICE SW 1A Index Future 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the ICE SW (Sweet Crude) Monthly 
Volume Weighted Average Price Index (ICE SW 1a).  The ICE SW 1a Index is 
expressed as a differential to the NYMEX WTI 1st Line Future (Calendar Month 
Average) 
Company Symbol 
TMR 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Trading shall cease one Canadian business day prior to the Notice of Shipments 
(NOS) date on the Enbridge Pipeline.  The NOS date occurs on or about the 
20th calendar day of the month, subject to confirmation by Enbridge Pipeline.  
The official schedule for the NOS dates will be made publicly available by 
Enbridge Pipeline prior to the start of each year 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the ICE SW 1a Index, as 
published by NGX.  The index pricing period begins on the first Canadian 
business day of the calendar month prior to the contract month and ends on the 
Canadian business day prior to the NOS date (as published by Enbridge) in the 
same calendar month 
Contract Series 
Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for NGX Crude Oil Markets 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
25 
19.C.22 CRUDE DIFF – ICE UHC 1A INDEX FUTURE 
Product Name 
Crude Diff – ICE UHC 1A Index Future 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the ICE UHC (Sweet at Clearbrook) 
Monthly Volume Weighted Average Price Index (ICE UHC 1a).  The ICE UHC 
1a Index is expressed as a differential to the NYMEX WTI 1st Line Future 
(Calendar Month Average) 
Company Symbol 
TMU 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Trading shall cease one Canadian business day prior to the Notice of Shipments 
(NOS) date on the Enbridge Pipeline.  The NOS date occurs on or about the 
20th calendar day of the month, subject to confirmation by Enbridge Pipeline.  
The official schedule for the NOS dates will be made publicly available by 
Enbridge Pipeline prior to the start of each year. 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the ICE UHC 1a Index, as 
published by NGX.  The index pricing period begins on the first Canadian 
business day of the calendar month prior to the contract month and ends on the 
Canadian business day prior to the NOS date (as published by Enbridge) in the 
same calendar month. 
Contract Series 
Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for NGX Crude Oil Markets 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
26 
19.C.23 RESERVED 
19.C.24 CRUDE DIFF – WTI 1ST LINE VS BRENT 1ST LINE FUTURE 
Product Name 
Crude Diff – WTI 1st Line vs Brent 1st Line Future 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the ICE daily settlement price for WTI 
1st Line Future and the ICE daily settlement price for Brent 1st Line Future. 
Company Symbol 
BTD 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Last business day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the difference between the 
average of the settlement prices as made public by ICE for the front month WTI 
1st Line Future contract and the average of the settlement prices as made public 
by ICE for the front month ICE Futures Europe Brent 1st Line Future contract 
for each business day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
Roll Adjust Provision 
The nearby month settlement quotation for ICE Futures Europe Brent Crude 
Futures will be used except for the expiration date of the commodity’s 
underlying delivery month’s futures contract.  On such date, the applicable 
pricing quotation will be rolled to the following month’s futures contract. 
Contract Series 
Up to 72 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for ICE 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
27 
19.C.25 CONDENSATE DIFF – ICE C5 1A INDEX FUTURE 
Product Name 
Condensate Diff – ICE C5 1A Index Future 
Contract Description 
For contract months up to and including March 2019: A monthly cash settled 
future based on the ICE C5 (Canadian Condensate) Monthly Volume Weighted 
Average Price Index (ICE C5 1a). The ICE C5 1a Index is expressed as a 
differential to the NYMEX WTI 1st Line Future (Calendar Month Average).  
 
For contract months including and after April 2019: A monthly cash settled 
future based on the ICE C5 FSK Monthly Volume Weighted Average Price 
Index (ICE C5 FSK 1a). The ICE C5 FSK 1a Index is expressed as a differential 
to the NYMEX WTI 1st Line Future (Calendar Month Average). 
 
Company Symbol 
TMF 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Trading shall cease one Canadian business day prior to the Notice of Shipments 
(NOS) date on the Enbridge Pipeline.  The NOS date occurs on or about the 
20th calendar day of the month, subject to confirmation by Enbridge Pipeline.  
The official schedule for the NOS dates will be made publicly available by 
Enbridge Pipeline prior to the start of each year 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the ICE C5 1a Index, for contract 
months up to and including March 2019, and based on the ICE C5 FSK 1a 
Index for contract months after and including April 2019, as published by NGX. 
The index pricing period for each contract month begins on the first Canadian 
business day of the calendar month prior to the contract month and ends on the 
Canadian business day prior to the NOS date (as published by Enbridge) in the 
same calendar month 
 
Contract Series 
Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for NGX Crude Oil Markets 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
28 
19.C.26 CRUDE DIFF – ARGUS BAKKEN (CLEARBROOK) CRUDE OIL FUTURE 
Product Name 
Crude Diff – Argus Bakken (Clearbrook) Crude Oil Future 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the Argus daily assessment price for the 
Bakken basis Clearbrook.  The Argus Bakken (Clearbrook) Crude Oil Future is 
expressed as a differential to the WTI 1st Line Future (Calendar Month Average) 
Company Symbol 
BAK 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Trading shall cease one Canadian business day prior to the Notice of Shipments 
(NOS) date on the Enbridge Pipeline.  The NOS date occurs on or about the 
20th calendar day of the month, subject to confirmation by Enbridge Pipeline.  
The official schedule for the NOS dates will be made publicly available by 
Enbridge Pipeline prior to the start of each year 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the average of the high and low 
quotations appearing in the “Argus Crude” report under the heading “ US Gulf 
coast and midcontinent pipeline”, subheading “Diff low” and “Diff high” for 
“Bakken”, basis “CMA Nym” for each business day (as specified below) in the 
determination period. 
Contract Series 
Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Argus Crude 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
29 
19.C.27 RESERVED 
19.C.28 CRUDE DIFF – ARGUS LLS VS WTI 1ST LINE BALMO FUTURE 
Product Name 
Crude Diff – Argus LLS vs WTI 1st Line Balmo Future 
Contract Description 
A balance of the month cash settled future based on the difference between the 
Argus daily assessment price for Light Louisiana Sweet Crude Oil (1st Month) 
and the ICE daily settlement price for WTI 1st Line Future. 
Company Symbol 
ARP 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the difference between the 
average of the quotations appearing in the “Argus Crude” report under the 
heading “US pipeline”, subheading “VWA” for “LLS” and the average of the 
settlement prices as made public by ICE for the ICE WTI 1st Line Future for 
each business day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
Common Pricing applies. 
Contract Series 
Up to 2 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Argus Crude 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
30 
19.C.29 CRUDE DIFF – ARGUS LLS VS WTI TRADE MONTH BALMO FUTURE 
Product Name 
Crude Diff – Argus LLS vs WTI Trade Month Balmo Future 
Contract Description 
A balance of the month cash settled future based on the difference between the 
Argus daily assessment price for Light Louisiana Sweet Crude Oil (1st Month) 
and the Argus daily assessment price for WTI Formula Basis (1st Month). 
Company Symbol 
ARQ 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Trading shall cease at the close of trading on the last business day that falls on 
or before the 25th calendar day of the month prior to the contract month.  If the 
25th calendar day is a weekend or holiday, trading shall cease on the first 
business day prior to the 25th calendar day. 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the average of the quotations 
appearing in the “Argus Crude” report under the heading “US pipeline”, 
subheading “Diff” for “LLS” for each business day (as specified below) in the 
determination period. 
The average of the LLS (1st month) differential weighted average (Diff 
weighted average) price taken from Argus Media, is based upon the weighted 
average floating price of LLS minus the “WTI Formula Basis” price from Argus 
Media, for the trade month period beginning with the first business day after the 
25th calendar day two months prior to the contract month through the last 
business day that falls on or before the 25th calendar day of the month prior to 
the contract month.  If the 25th calendar day is a weekend or holiday, the trade 
month period shall end on the first business day prior to the 25th calendar day. 
Common Pricing applies. 
Contract Series 
Up to 2 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Argus Crude 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
31 
19.C.30 CRUDE DIFF – ARGUS MARS VS WTI 1ST LINE BALMO FUTURE 
Product Name 
Crude Diff – Argus Mars vs WTI 1st Line Balmo Future 
Contract Description 
A balance of the month cash settled future based on the difference between the 
Argus daily assessment price for Mars Crude Oil (1st Month) and the ICE 
settlement price for WTI 1st Line Future. 
Company Symbol 
ART 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the difference between the 
average of the quotations appearing in the “Argus Crude” report under the 
heading “US pipeline”, subheading “VWA” for “Mars” and the average of the 
settlement prices as made public by ICE for the front month WTI 1st Line 
Future for each business day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
Common Pricing applies. 
Contract Series 
Up to 2 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Argus Crude 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
32 
19.C.31 RESERVED 
19.C.32 RESERVED 
19.C.33 CRUDE DIFF – ARGUS WTS VS WTI TRADE MONTH BALMO FUTURE 
Product Name 
Crude Diff – Argus WTS vs WTI Trade Month Balmo Future 
Contract Description 
A balance of the month cash settled future based on the difference between the 
Argus daily assessment price for WTS (1st Month) and the Argus daily 
assessment price for WTI Formula Basis (1st Month). 
Company Symbol 
AVS 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Trading shall cease at the close of trading on the last business day that falls on 
or before the 25th calendar day of the month prior to the contract month.  If the 
25th calendar day is a weekend or holiday, trading shall cease on the first 
business day prior to the 25th calendar day. 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the average of the quotations 
appearing in the “Argus Crude” report under the heading “Gulf coast and 
midcontinent domestic”, subheading “Diff weighted average” for “WTS” (1st 
month), for each business day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
The average of the WTS (1st month) differential weighted average (Diff 
weighted average) price taken from Argus Media, is based upon the weighted 
average floating price of WTS minus the “WTI Formula Basis” price from 
Argus Media, for the trade month period beginning with the first business day 
after the 25th calendar day two months prior to the contract month through the 
last business day that falls on or before the 25th calendar day of the month prior 
to the contract month.  If the 25th calendar day is a weekend or holiday, the 
trade month period shall end on the first business day prior to the 25th calendar 
day. 
Common Pricing applies. 
Contract Series 
Up to 2 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Argus Crude 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 


 
33 
19.C.34 RESERVED 
19.C.35 RESERVED 
19.C.36 RESERVED 
19.C.37 RESERVED 
19.C.38 RESERVED 
19.C.39 RESERVED 
19.C.40 CRUDE DIFF – ICE SW 1A INDEX BALMO FUTURE 
Product Name 
Crude Diff – ICE SW 1A Index Balmo Future 
Contract Description 
A balance of the month cash settled future based on the ICE SW (Sweet) 
Monthly Volume Weighted Average Price Index (ICE SW 1a).  The ICE SW 1a 
Index is expressed as a differential to the NYMEX WTI 1st Line Future 
(Calendar Month Average). 
Company Symbol 
TMZ 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Trading shall cease one Canadian business day prior to the Notice of Shipments 
(NOS) date on the Enbridge Pipeline.  The NOS date occurs on or about the 
20th calendar day of the month, subject to confirmation by Enbridge Pipeline.  
The official schedule for the NOS dates will be made publicly available by 
Enbridge Pipeline prior to the start of each year. 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the ICE SW 1a Index, as 
published by NGX.  The index pricing period begins on the first Canadian 
business day of the calendar month prior to the contract month and ends on the 
Canadian business day prior to the NOS date (as published by Enbridge) in the 
same calendar month. 
Contract Series 
Front Month Only, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for NGX Crude Oil Markets 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
34 
19.C.41 RESERVED 
19.C.42 RESERVED  
19.C.43 CRUDE DIFF – WTI 1ST LINE VS BRENT 1ST LINE BALMO FUTURE 
Product Name 
Crude Diff – WTI 1st Line vs Brent 1st Line Balmo Future 
Contract Description 
A balance of the month cash settled future based on the ICE daily settlement 
price for WTI 1st Line Future and the ICE daily settlement price for Brent 1st 
Line Future 
Company Symbol 
BTE 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Last business day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the difference between the 
average of the settlement prices as made public by ICE for the front month WTI 
1st Line Future contract and the average of the settlement prices as made public 
by ICE for the front month ICE Futures Europe Brent 1st Line Future contract 
for each business day (as specified below) in the determination period 
Roll Adjust Provision 
The nearby month quotation for ICE Futures Europe Brent Crude Futures will 
be used except for the expiration date of the commodity’s underlying delivery 
month’s futures contract.  On such date, the applicable pricing quotation will be 
rolled to the following month’s futures contract. 
Contract Series 
Up to 2 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for ICE 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
35 
19.C.44 CRUDE DIFF – WTI VS BRENT BULLET FUTURE 
Product Name 
Crude Diff – WTI vs Brent Bullet Future 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the difference between the ICE daily 
settlement price for WTI Futures contract and the ICE daily settlement price for 
Brent Futures contract 
Company Symbol 
TIB 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Trading shall end one business day prior to the expiration date of the ICE 
Futures Europe Brent Crude Futures Contract. 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel equal to the difference between the 
settlement prices as made public by ICE for the ICE Futures Europe WTI 
Futures contract and the same month of the ICE Futures Europe ICE Brent 
Futures contract on the expiry day. 
Roll Adjust Provision 
The nearby month quotation for ICE Futures Europe Brent Futures will be used 
except for the expiration date of the commodity’s underlying delivery month’s 
futures contract.  On such date, the applicable pricing quotation will be rolled to 
the following month’s futures contract. 
Contract Series 
Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
One Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for ICE 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
36 
19.C.45 CRUDE DIFF – WTI 1-MONTH CALENDAR SPREAD FUTURE 
Product Name 
Crude Diff – WTI 1-Month Calendar Spread Future 
Contract Description 
A WTI Crude Oil 1-Month Calendar Spread Future 
Company Symbol 
TIA 
Contract Size per lot 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Close of business on the last trading day of the underlying ICE Futures Europe 
WTI Crude Futures Contract.  In this case the close of business refers to the 
settlement time of the WTI Crude Futures Contract at 19:30 London time. 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel equal to the difference of the nearby ICE 
Futures Europe WTI Crude Futures Contract and the next consecutive contract 
month of the ICE Futures Europe WTI Crude Futures Contract series. 
Contract Series 
Up to 48 consecutive 1-month calendar spreads, or as otherwise determined by 
the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for ICE 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
37 
19.C.46 RESERVED 
19.C.47 CONDENSATE DIFF – ICE C5 1B INDEX FUTURE 
Product Name 
Condensate Diff – ICE C5 1B Index Future 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the ICE C5 (Canadian Condensate) 
Daily Weighted Average Price Index (ICE C5 1b).  The ICE C5 1b Index is 
expressed as a differential to the NYMEX WTI 1st Line Future (Calendar Month 
Average) 
Company Symbol 
TMC 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Trading shall cease for each contract one Canadian business day prior to the 
applicable Notice of Shipments (NOS) date on the Enbridge Pipeline.  The NOS 
date occurs on or about the 20th calendar day of the month, subject to 
confirmation by Enbridge Pipeline.  The official schedule for the NOS dates 
will be made publicly available by Enbridge Pipeline prior to the start of each 
year 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the ICE C5 1b Index, as published 
by NGX.  The index pricing period for each contract month begins on the first 
Canadian business day of the calendar month prior to the contract month and 
ends on the Canadian business day prior to the NOS date (as published by 
Enbridge) in the same calendar month 
Contract Series 
Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange.  
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for NGX Crude Oil Markets 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
38 
19.C.48 RESERVED 
19.C.49 FUEL OIL DIFF – NEW YORK 1% FUEL OIL VS 1% FOB NWE CARGOES FUEL OIL 
FUTURE 
Product Name 
Fuel Oil Diff – New York 1% Fuel Oil vs 1% FOB NEW Cargoes Fuel Oil 
Future 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the difference between the Platts daily 
assessment price for New York 1% Fuel Oil and the Platts daily assessment 
price for 1% FOB NWE Cargoes Fuel Oil. 
Company Symbol 
FOH 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the difference between the 
average of the mean of the high and low quotations appearing in the “Platts US 
Marketscan” under the heading “Atlantic Coast New York” subheading 
“Residual fuel ($/bbl)” and “Cargo” for “No. 6 1%” and the average of the mean 
of the high and low quotations appearing in the “Platts European Marketscan” 
under the heading “Northwest Europe cargoes” subheading “FOB NWE” for 
“Fuel oil 1.0%” for each business day (as specified below) in the determination 
period. 
conversion factor:  1 metric tonne = 6.35 barrels. 
Contract Series 
Up to 48 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Platts US Marketscan and Platts European Marketscan 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
39 
19.C.50 RESERVED 
19.C.51 FUEL OIL DIFF – NEW YORK 1% FUEL OIL (PLATTS) VS USGC HSFO (PLATTS) FUTURE 
Product Name 
Fuel Oil Diff – New York 1% Fuel Oil (Platts) vs USGC HSFO (Platts) 
Future 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the difference between the Platts daily 
assessment price for New York 1% Fuel Oil and the Platts daily assessment 
price for US Gulf Coast High Sulphur Fuel Oil. 
Company Symbol 
FOD 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the difference between the 
average of the “Mid” appearing in the “Platts US Marketscan” under the 
heading “Atlantic Coast” subheading “New York Harbor” and “Delivered cargo 
($/barrel)” for “No. 6 1%” and the average of the “Mid” quotations appearing in 
the “Platts US Marketscan” under the heading “Gulf Coast” subheading 
“Houston and “$/barrel” for “USGC HSFO” for each business day (as specified 
below) in the determination period. 
Contract Series 
Up to 48 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Platts US Marketscan 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
40 
19.C.52 FUEL OIL DIFF – NEW YORK 1% FUEL OIL (PLATTS) VS USGC HSFO (PLATTS) BALMO 
FUTURE 
Product Name 
Fuel Oil Diff – New York 1% Fuel Oil (Platts) vs USGC HSFO (Platts) 
Balmo Future 
Contract Description 
A balance of the month cash settled future based on the difference between the 
Platts daily assessment price for New York 1% Fuel Oil and the Platts daily 
assessment price for US Gulf Coast High Sulphur Fuel Oil. 
Company Symbol 
FOE 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the difference between the 
average of the “Mid” appearing in the “Platts US Marketscan” under the 
heading “Atlantic Coast” subheading “New York Harbor” and “Delivered cargo 
($/barrel)” for “No. 6 1%” and the average of the “Mid” quotations appearing in 
the “Platts US Marketscan” under the heading “Gulf Coast” subheading 
“Houston and “$/barrel” for “USGC HSFO” for each business day (as specified 
below) in the determination period. 
Contract Series 
Up to 2 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Platts US Marketscan 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
41 
19.C.53 FUEL OIL DIFF – USAC HSFO (PLATTS) VS USGC HSFO (PLATTS) FUTURE 
Product Name 
Fuel Oil Diff – USAC HSFO (Platts) vs USGC HSFO (Platts) Future 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the difference between the Platts daily 
assessment price for USAC HSFO and the Platts daily assessment price for 
USGC HSFO. 
Company Symbol 
14W 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the difference between the 
average of the “Mid” quotations appearing in the “Platts US Marketscan” under 
the heading “Atlantic Coast” subheading “New York Harbor” and “Delivered 
cargo ($/barrel)” for “USAC HSFO” and the average of the “Mid” quotations 
appearing in the “Platts US Marketscan” under the heading “Gulf Coast” 
subheading “Houston” and “$/barrel” for “USGC HSFO” for each business day 
(as specified below) in the determination period. 
Contract Series 
Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Platts US Marketscan 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
42 
19.C.54 FUEL OIL DIFF – USGC HSFO (PLATTS) VS FUEL OIL 3.5% FOB ROTTERDAM BARGES 
(PLATTS) FUTURE (IN BBLS) 
Product Name 
Fuel Oil Diff – USGC HSFO (Platts) vs Fuel Oil 3.5% FOB Rotterdam Barges 
(Platts) Future (in bbls) 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the difference between the Platts daily 
assessment price for US Gulf Coast High Sulphur Fuel Oil and the Platts daily 
assessment price for 3.5% FOB Rotterdam Barges Fuel Oil (in bbls). 
Company Symbol 
GOE 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels (157.50 metric tonnes) 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the difference between the 
average of the “Mid” quotations appearing in the “Platts US Marketscan” under 
the heading “Gulf Coast” subheading “Houston and “$/barrel” for “USGC 
HSFO” and the average of the “Mid” quotations appearing in the “Platts 
European Marketscan” under the heading “Northwest Europe barges” 
subheading “FOB Rotterdam” for “Fuel oil 3.5%” for each business day (as 
specified below) in the determination period. 
Non-Common Pricing applies. 
conversion factor:  1 metric tonne = 6.35 barrels. 
Contract Series 
Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Platts US Marketscan and Platts European Marketscan 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
43 
19.C.55 FUEL OIL DIFF – USGC HSFO (PLATTS) VS FUEL OIL 3.5% FOB ROTTERDAM BARGES 
(PLATTS) BALMO FUTURE (IN BBLS) 
Product Name 
Fuel Oil Diff – USGC HSFO (Platts) vs Fuel Oil 3.5% FOB Rotterdam 
Barges (Platts) Balmo Future (in bbls) 
Contract Description 
A balance of the month cash settled future based on the difference between the 
Platts daily assessment price for US Gulf Coast High Sulphur Fuel Oil and the 
Platts daily assessment price for 3.5% FOB Rotterdam Barges Fuel Oil (in 
bbls). 
Company Symbol 
GOD 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels (157.50 metric tonnes) 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the difference between the 
average of the “Mid” quotations appearing in the “Platts US Marketscan” under 
the heading “Gulf Coast” subheading “Houston and “$/barrel” for “USGC 
HSFO” and the average of the “Mid” quotations appearing in the “Platts 
European Marketscan” under the heading “Northwest Europe barges” 
subheading “FOB Rotterdam” for “Fuel oil 3.5%” for each business day (as 
specified below) in the determination period. 
Non-Common Pricing applies. 
conversion factor:  1 metric tonne = 6.35 barrels. 
Contract Series 
Up to 2 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Platts US Marketscan and Platts European Marketscan 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
44 
19.C.56 RESERVED 
19.C.57 DIESEL DIFF – GULF COAST ULSD VS HEATING OIL 1ST LINE FUTURE 
Product Name 
Diesel Diff – Gulf Coast ULSD vs Heating Oil 1st Line Future 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the difference between the Platts daily 
assessment price for Gulf Coast ULSD and the ICE daily settlement price for 
Heating Oil 1st Line Future. 
Company Symbol 
GOH 
Contract Size 
42,000 gallons 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 42,000 gallons 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per gallon based on the difference between the 
average of the high and low quotations as appearing in the “Platts US 
Marketscan” under the heading “Gulf Coast” subheading “Distillates and 
blendstocks” and “Pipeline” for “Ultra low sulfur diesel” and the average of the 
mean of the high and low settlement prices as made public by ICE for the 
Heating Oil 1st Line Future for each business day (as specified below) in the 
determination period. 
Contract Series 
Up to 48 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Platts US Marketscan 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
45 
19.C.58 DIESEL DIFF – GULF COAST ULSD (PLATTS) VS HEATING OIL 1ST LINE BALMO FUTURE 
Product Name 
Diesel Diff – Gulf Coast ULSD (Platts) vs Heating Oil 1st Line Balmo 
Future 
Contract Description 
A balance of the month cash settled future based on the difference between the 
Platts daily assessment price for Gulf Coast ULSD and the ICE daily settlement 
price for Heating Oil 1st Line Future 
Company Symbol 
GCH 
Contract Size 
42,000 gallons 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 42,000 gallons 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per gallon based on the difference between the 
average of the high and low quotations as appearing in the “Platts US 
Marketscan” under the heading “Gulf Coast” subheading “Distillates and 
blendstocks” and “Pipeline” for “Ultra low sulfur diesel” and the average of the 
mean of the high and low settlement prices as made public by ICE for the 
Heating Oil 1st Line Future for each business day (as specified below) in the 
determination period. 
Contract Series 
Up to 2 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Platts US Marketscan 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
46 
19.C.59 RESERVED 
19.C.60 DIESEL DIFF – GULF COAST ULSD (PLATTS) VS GULF COAST JET FUEL (PLATTS) 
FUTURE 
Product Name 
Diesel Diff – Gulf Coast ULSD (Platts) vs Gulf Coast Jet Fuel (Platts) 
Future 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the difference between the Platts daily 
assessment price for Gulf Coast Ultra Low Sulfur Diesel and the Platts daily 
assessment price for Gulf Coast Jet 54 Pipeline 
Company Symbol 
JCU 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per gallon based on the difference between the 
average of the “Mid” quotations appearing in the “Platts US Marketscan” under 
the heading “Gulf Coast” subheading “Houston” and “Prompt Pipeline” for 
“Ultra low sulfur diesel” and the average of the “Mid” quotations appearing in 
the “Platts US Marketscan” under the heading “Gulf Coast” subheading 
“Houston” and “Prompt Pipeline” for “Jet 54” for each business day (as 
specified below) in the determination period 
Contract Series 
Up to 48 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Platts US Marketscan 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
47 
19.C.61 RESERVED 
19.C.62 RESERVED 
19.C.63 RESERVED 
19.C.64 DIESEL DIFF – ARGUS 62-GRADE NYH ULSD VS HEATING OIL 1ST LINE FUTURE 
Product Name 
Diesel Diff – Argus 62-Grade NYH ULSD vs Heating Oil 1st Line Future 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the difference between the Argus daily 
assessment price for NYH 62-Grade ULSD and the ICE daily settlement price 
for Heating Oil 1st Line Future. 
Company Symbol 
NH2 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per gallon based on the difference between the 
average of the mean of the high and low quotations appearing in “Argus US 
Products” under the heading “Distillates” subheading “Atlantic Coast” and 
“New York barge” for “ULS diesel prompt” and the average of the settlement 
prices as made public by ICE for the Heating Oil 1st Line Future for each 
business day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
Contract Series 
Up to 48 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Argus US Products 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
48 
19.C.65 RESERVED 
19.C.66 RESERVED 
19.C.67 DIESEL DIFF – GROUP 3 ULSD (PLATTS) VS HEATING OIL 1ST LINE FUTURE 
Product Name 
Diesel Diff – Group 3 ULSD (Platts) vs Heating Oil 1st Line Future 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the difference between the Platts daily 
assessment price for Midwest Group 3 ULSD and the ICE daily settlement price 
for Heating Oil 1st Line Future. 
Company Symbol 
GUH 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per gallon based on the difference between the 
average of the “Mid” quotations appearing in “Platts US Marketscan” under the 
heading “Midwest (c/gal)” subheading “Group 3” for “ULSD” and the average 
of the settlement prices as made public by ICE for the Heating Oil 1st Line 
Future for each business day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
Contract Series 
Up to 48 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Platts US Marketscan 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
49 
19.C.68 DIESEL DIFF – GROUP 3 ULSD (OPIS) VS HEATING OIL 1ST LINE FUTURE 
Product Name 
Diesel Diff – Group 3 ULSD (OPIS) vs Heating Oil 1st Line Future 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the difference between the OPIS daily 
assessment price for Midwest Group 3 ULSD and the ICE daily settlement price 
for Heating Oil 1st Line Future. 
Company Symbol 
DCS 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per gallon based on the difference between the 
average of the “Mean” quotations appearing in the “OPIS Full-Day Refined 
Spots Report” under the heading “OPIS U.S. Midwest Spot Distillate Prices 
(cts/gal)” subheading “Group 3” and “Prompt Prices” for “ULSD” and the 
settlement prices as made public by ICE for the Heating Oil 1st Line Future for 
each business day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
Contract Series 
Up to 48 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for OPIS Full-Day Refined Spots Report 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
50 
19.C.69 HEATING OIL ARB – HEATING OIL 1ST LINE VS LOW SULPHUR GASOIL 1ST LINE FUTURE 
(IN BBLS) 
Product Name 
Heating Oil Arb – Heating Oil 1st Line vs Low Sulphur Gasoil 1st Line 
Future (in bbls) 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the difference between the ICE 
settlement price for Heating Oil 1st Line Future and the ICE settlement price for 
Low Sulphur Gasoil 1st Line Future (in bbls). 
Company Symbol 
ULM 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels (42,000 gallons) 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per gallon 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($ 0.0001) per gallon 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One hundredth of one cent ($ 0.0001) per gallon 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per gallon based on the difference between the 
average of the settlement prices as made public by NYMEX for the front month 
NY Harbor ULSD Future and the average of the settlement prices as made 
public by ICE for the front month ICE Futures Europe Low Sulphur Gasoil 
Future for each business day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
Non-Common Pricing applies. 
conversion factor:  1 metric tonne = 312.9 gallons. 
Roll Adjust Provision 
The nearby month quotation for ICE Low Sulphur Gasoil Futures will be used 
except for the expiration date of the commodity’s underlying delivery month’s 
futures contract.  On such date, the applicable pricing quotation will be rolled to 
the following month’s futures contract. 
Contract Series 
Up to 48 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for ICE and NYMEX 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
51 
19.C.70 HEATING OIL ARB – HEATING OIL 1ST LINE VS LOW SULPHUR GASOIL 1ST LINE BALMO 
FUTURE (IN BBLS) 
Product Name 
Heating Oil Arb – Heating Oil 1st Line vs Low Sulphur Gasoil 1st Line 
Balmo Future (in bbls) 
Contract Description 
A balance of the month cash settled future based on the difference between the 
ICE settlement price for Heating Oil 1st Line Future and the ICE settlement 
price for Low Sulphur Gasoil 1st Line Future (in bbls). 
Company Symbol 
UL9 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels (42,000 gallons) 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per gallon 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($ 0.0001) per gallon 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One hundredth of one cent ($ 0.0001) per gallon 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per gallon based on the difference between the 
average of the settlement prices as made public by NYMEX for the front month 
NY Harbor ULSD Future and the average of the settlement prices as made 
public by ICE for the front month ICE Futures Europe Low Sulphur Gasoil 
Future for each business day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
Non-Common Pricing applies. 
conversion factor:  1 metric tonne = 312.9 gallons. 
Roll Adjust Provision 
The nearby month quotation for ICE Low Sulphur Gasoil Futures will be used 
except for the expiration date of the commodity’s underlying delivery month’s 
futures contract.  On such date, the applicable pricing quotation will be rolled to 
the following month’s futures contract. 
Contract Series 
Up to 2 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for ICE and NYMEX 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
52 
19.C.71 JET FUEL DIFF – GULF COAST JET FUEL VS HEATING OIL 1ST LINE FUTURE 
Product Name 
Jet Fuel Diff – Gulf Coast Jet Fuel vs Heating Oil 1st Line Future 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the difference between the Platts daily 
assessment price for Gulf Coast Jet 54 Pipeline and the ICE daily settlement 
price for Heating Oil 1st Line Future. 
Company Symbol 
JHO 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per gallon based on the difference between the 
average of the mean of the high and low quotations appearing in the “Platts US 
Marketscan” under the heading “Gulf Coast” subheading “Distillates and 
blendstocks” and “Pipeline” for “Jet 54” and the average of the settlement prices 
as made public by ICE for the Heating Oil 1st Line Future for each business day 
(as specified below) in the determination period. 
Contract Series 
Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Platts US Marketscan 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
53 
19.C.72 JET FUEL DIFF – GULF COAST JET FUEL (PLATTS) VS HEATING OIL 1ST LINE BALMO 
FUTURE 
Product Name 
Jet Fuel Diff – Gulf Coast Jet Fuel (Platts) vs Heating Oil 1st Line Balmo 
Future 
Contract Description 
A balance of the month cash settled future based on the difference between the 
Platts daily assessment price for Gulf Coast Jet 54 Pipeline and the ICE daily 
settlement price for Heating Oil 1st Line Future. 
Company Symbol 
JHP 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per gallon based on the difference between the 
average of the “Mid” quotations appearing in the “Platts US Marketscan” under 
the heading “Gulf Coast” subheading “Houston” and “Prompt Pipeline” for “Jet 
54” and the average of the settlement prices as made public by ICE for the 
Heating Oil 1st Line Future for each business day (as specified below) in the 
determination period. 
Contract Series 
Up to 2 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Platts US Marketscan 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
54 
19.C.73 RESERVED 
19.C.74 JET FUEL DIFF – LA JET FUEL (PLATTS) VS HEATING OIL 1ST LINE FUTURE 
Product Name 
Jet Fuel Diff – LA Jet Fuel (Platts) vs Heating Oil 1st Line Future 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the Platts daily assessment price for LA 
Jet Fuel and the ICE daily settlement price for Heating Oil 1st Line Future 
Company Symbol 
LA4 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per gallon based on the difference between the 
average of the “Mid” quotations appearing in “Platts US Marketscan” under the 
heading “West Coast” subheading “Los Angeles” for “Jet” and the average of 
the settlement prices as made public by ICE for the Heating Oil 1st Line Future 
for each business day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
Contract Series 
Up to 48 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Platts US Marketscan 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
55 
19.C.75 JET FUEL DIFF – LA JET FUEL (PLATTS) VS HEATING OIL 1ST LINE BALMO FUTURE 
Product Name 
Jet Fuel Diff – LA Jet Fuel (Platts) vs Heating Oil 1st Line Balmo Future 
Contract Description 
A balance of the month cash settled future based on the Platts daily assessment 
price for LA Jet Fuel and the ICE daily settlement price for Heating Oil 1st Line 
Future 
Company Symbol 
LA5 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per gallon based on the difference between the 
average of the “Mid” quotations appearing in “Platts US Marketscan” under the 
heading “West Coast” subheading “Los Angeles” for “Jet” and the average of 
the settlement prices as made public by ICE for the Heating Oil 1st Line Future 
for each business day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
Contract Series 
Up to 2 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Platts US Marketscan 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
19.C.76 RESERVED 
19.C.77 RESERVED 
19.C.78 RESERVED 
19.C.79 RESERVED 
19.C.80 RESERVED 
 
 


 
56 
19.C.81 FUEL OIL DIFF – FUEL OIL 380 CST SINGAPORE (PLATTS) VS USGC HSFO (PLATTS) 
FUTURE (IN BBLS) 
Product Name 
Future Oil Diff – Fuel Oil 380 CST Singapore (Platts) vs USGC HSFO 
(Platts) Future (in bbls) 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the difference between the Platts 
daily assessment price for Singapore 380 CST Fuel Oil and the Platts daily 
assessment price for US Gulf Coast High Sulphur Fuel Oil (in bbls). 
Company Symbol 
GOK 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the difference between the 
average of the “Mid” quotations appearing in the “Platts Asia-Pacific/Arab 
Gulf Marketscan” under the heading “Asia Products” and “Singapore” 
subheading “FOB Singapore ($/barrel)” for “HSFO 380 CST ($/mt)” and 
the average of the “Mid” quotations appearing in the “Platts US 
Marketscan” under the heading “Gulf Coast” subheading “Houston and 
“$/barrel” for “USGC HSFO” for each business day (as specified below) in 
the determination period 
Non-Common Pricing applies. 
conversion factor:  1 metric tonne = 6.35 barrels. 
Contract Series 
Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Platts Asia-Pacific/Arab Gulf Marketscan and Platts 
US Marketscan 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
57 
19.C.82 GASOLINE DIFF – RBOB GASOLINE 1ST LINE VS ARGUS EUROBOB OXY FOB 
ROTTERDAM BARGE FUTURE 
Product Name 
Gasoline Diff – RBOB Gasoline 1st Line vs Argus EUROBOB OXY FOB 
Rotterdam Barge Future 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the difference between the ICE daily 
settlement price for RBOB Gasoline 1st Line Future and the Argus daily 
assessment price for Eurobob Oxy FOB Rotterdam Barges. 
Company Symbol 
GDO 
Contract Size 
1,000 metric tonnes (349,860 gallons) 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 metric tonnes 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent (¢0.01) per gallon 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One thousandth of one cent (¢0.001) per gallon 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One thousandth of one cent (¢0.001) per gallon 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per gallon based on the difference between the 
average of the settlement prices as made public by the ICE for the RBOB 
Gasoline 1st Line Future and the average of the mean of the high and low 
quotations appearing in the “Argus European Products Report” under the 
heading “Northwest Europe light products” subheading “barge” for “Eurobob 
oxy” for each business day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
Non-Common Pricing applies. 
conversion factor:  1 metric tonne = 349.86 gallons. 
Contract Series 
Up to 48 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Argus European Products Report 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
58 
19.C.83 GASOLINE DIFF – RBOB GASOLINE 1ST LINE VS ARGUS EUROBOB OXY FOB 
ROTTERDAM BARGES BALMO FUTURE 
Product Name 
Gasoline Diff – RBOB Gasoline 1st Line vs Argus EUROBOB OXY FOB 
Rotterdam Barges Balmo Future 
Contract Description 
A balance of the month cash settled future based on the difference between the 
ICE daily settlement price for RBOB Gasoline 1st Line Future and the Argus 
daily assessment price for Eurobob Oxy FOB Rotterdam Barges. 
Company Symbol 
GDT 
Contract Size 
1,000 metric tonnes (349,860 gallons) 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 metric tonnes 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent (¢0.01) per gallon 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One thousandth of one cent (¢0.001) per gallon 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One thousandth of one cent (¢0.001) per gallon 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per gallon based on the difference between the 
average of the settlement prices as made public by ICE for the RBOB Gasoline 
1st Line Future and the average of the mean of the high and low quotations 
appearing in the “Argus European Products Report” under the heading 
“Northwest Europe light products” subheading “barge” for “Eurobob oxy” for 
each business day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
Non-Common Pricing applies. 
conversion factor:  1 metric tonne = 349.86 gallons. 
Contract Series 
Up to 2 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Argus European Products Report and ICE 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
59 
19.C.84 GASOLINE DIFF – RBOB GASOLINE 1ST LINE VS ARGUS EUROBOB OXY FOB 
ROTTERDAM BARGES MINI FUTURE 
Product Name 
Gasoline Diff – RBOB Gasoline 1st Line vs Argus EUROBOB OXY FOB 
Rotterdam Barges Mini Future 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled mini future based on the difference between the ICE 
daily settlement price for RBOB Gasoline 1st Line Future and the Argus daily 
assessment price for Eurobob Oxy FOB Rotterdam Barges. 
Company Symbol 
GDQ 
Contract Size 
100 metric tonnes (34,986 gallons) 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 100 metric tonnes 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent (¢0.01) per gallon 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One thousandth of one cent (¢0.001) per gallon 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One thousandth of one cent (¢0.001) per gallon 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per gallon based on the difference between the 
average of the settlement prices as made public by the ICE for the RBOB 
Gasoline 1st Line Future and the average of the mean of the high and low 
quotations appearing in the “Argus European Products Report” under the 
heading “Northwest Europe light products” subheading “barge” for “Eurobob 
oxy” for each business day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
Non-Common Pricing applies. 
conversion factor:  1 metric tonne = 349.86 gallons 
Contract Series 
Up to 48 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Argus European Products Report 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
60 
19.C.85 GASOLINE DIFF – RBOB GASOLINE 1ST LINE VS ARGUS EUROBOB OXY FOB 
ROTTERDAM BARGES BALMO MINI FUTURE 
Product Name 
Gasoline Diff – RBOB Gasoline 1st Line vs Argus EUROBOB OXY FOB 
Rotterdam Barges Balmo Mini Future 
Contract Description 
A balance of the month cash settled mini future based on the difference between 
the ICE daily settlement price for RBOB Gasoline 1st Line Future and the Argus 
daily assessment price for Eurobob Oxy FOB Rotterdam Barges. 
Company Symbol 
GDR 
Contract Size 
100 metric tonnes (34,986 gallons) 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 100 metric tonnes 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent (¢0.01) per gallon 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One thousandth of one cent (¢0.001) per gallon 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One thousandth of one cent (¢0.001) per gallon 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per gallon based on the difference between the 
average of the settlement prices as made public by the ICE for the RBOB 
Gasoline 1st Line Future and the average of the mean of the high and low 
quotations appearing in the “Argus European Products Report” under the 
heading “Northwest Europe light products” subheading “barge” for “Eurobob 
oxy” for each business day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
Non-Common Pricing applies. 
conversion factor:  1 metric tonne = 349.86 gallons 
Contract Series 
Up to 2 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Argus European Products Report 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
61 
19.C.86 GASOLINE DIFF – RBOB GASOLINE 1-MONTH CALENDAR SPREAD FUTURE 
Product Name 
Gasoline Diff – RBOB Gasoline 1-Month Calendar Spread Future 
Contract Description 
An RBOB Gasoline 1-Month Calendar Spread Future used for the purposes of 
settling the RBOB Gasoline 1-Month Calendar Spread Option. 
Company Symbol 
RCM 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels (42,000 gallons) 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels (42,000 gallons) 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Last Trading Day 
Trading shall cease at the end of the designated settlement period on the last 
trading day of the nearby month ICE Futures Europe RBOB Gasoline Futures 
Contract. 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per gallon equal to the difference between the 
settlement price of the nearby ICE Futures Europe RBOB Gasoline Futures 
Contract and the settlement price of the next consecutive contract month of the 
ICE Futures Europe RBOB Gasoline Futures Contract series on the Last 
Trading Day. 
Contract Series 
Up to 48 consecutive 1-month calendar spreads, or as otherwise determined by 
the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for NYMEX 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
62 
19.C.87 GASOLINE DIFF – GULF COAST UNL 87 GASOLINE PROMPT PIPELINE (PLATTS) VS 
RBOB GASOLINE 1ST LINE FUTURE 
Product Name 
Gasoline Diff – Gulf Coast UNL 87 Gasoline Prompt Pipeline (Platts) vs 
RBOB Gasoline 1st Line Future 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the difference between the Platts daily 
assessment price for Gulf Coast Unleaded 87 Gasoline Prompt Pipeline and the 
ICE daily settlement price for RBOB Gasoline 1st Line Future 
Company Symbol 
UM1 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per gallon based on the difference between the 
average of the “Mid” quotations appearing in “Platts US Marketscan” under the 
heading “Gulf Coast” subheading “Houston” and “Prompt Pipeline” for 
“Unleaded 87” and the average of the settlement prices as made public by ICE 
for the RBOB Gasoline 1st Line Future for each business day (as specified 
below) in the determination period 
Contract Series 
Up to 48 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Platts US Marketscan 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
63 
19.C.88 GASOLINE DIFF – GULF COAST UNL 87 GASOLINE PROMPT PIPELINE (PLATTS) VS 
RBOB GASOLINE 1ST LINE BALMO FUTURE 
Product Name 
Gasoline Diff – Gulf Coast UNL 87 Gasoline Prompt Pipeline (Platts) vs 
RBOB Gasoline 1st Line Balmo Future 
Contract Description 
A balance of the month cash settled future based on the difference between the 
Platts daily assessment price for Gulf Coast Unleaded 87 Gasoline Prompt 
Pipeline and the ICE daily settlement price for RBOB Gasoline 1st Line Future 
Company Symbol 
UMM 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per gallon based on the difference between the 
average of the “Mid” quotations appearing in “Platts US Marketscan” under the 
heading “Gulf Coast” subheading “Houston” and “Prompt Pipeline” for 
“Unleaded 87” and the average of the settlement prices as made public by ICE 
for the RBOB Gasoline 1st Line Future for each business day (as specified 
below) in the determination period 
Contract Series 
Up to 2 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Platts US Marketscan 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
64 
19.C.89 GASOLINE DIFF – GULF COAST CBOB 87 GASOLINE PROMPT PIPELINE (PLATTS) VS 
RBOB GASOLINE 1ST LINE FUTURE 
Product Name 
Gasoline Diff – Gulf Coast CBOB 87 Gasoline Prompt Pipeline (Platts) vs 
RBOB Gasoline 1st Line Future 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the difference between the Platts daily 
assessment price for Gulf Coast CBOB 87 Gasoline Prompt Pipeline and the 
ICE daily settlement price for RBOB Gasoline 1st Line Future. 
Company Symbol 
GDM 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per gallon based on the difference between the 
average of the “Mid” quotations appearing in “Platts US Marketscan” under the 
heading “Gulf Coast” subheading “Houston” and “Prompt Pipeline” for “CBOB 
87” and the average of the settlement prices as made public by ICE for the 
RBOB Gasoline 1st Line Future for each business day (as specified below) in the 
determination period. 
Contract Series 
Up to 48 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Platts US Marketscan 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
65 
19.C.90 GASOLINE DIFF – GULF COAST CBOB 87 GASOLINE PROMPT PIPELINE (PLATTS) VS 
RBOB GASOLINE 1ST LINE BALMO FUTURE 
Product Name 
Gasoline Diff – Gulf Coast CBOB 87 Gasoline Prompt Pipeline (Platts) vs 
RBOB Gasoline 1st Line Balmo Future 
Contract Description 
A balance of the month cash settled future based on the difference between the 
Platts daily assessment price for Gulf Coast CBOB 87 Gasoline Prompt Pipeline 
and the ICE daily settlement price for RBOB Gasoline 1st Line Future. 
Company Symbol 
GDN 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per gallon based on the difference between the 
average of the “Mid” quotations appearing in “Platts US Marketscan” under the 
heading “Gulf Coast” subheading “Houston” and “Prompt Pipeline” for “CBOB 
87” and the average of the settlement prices as made public by ICE for the 
RBOB Gasoline 1st Line Future for each business day (as specified below) in the 
determination period. 
Contract Series 
Up to 2 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Platts US Marketscan 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
66 
19.C.91 GASOLINE DIFF – GROUP 3 SUB-OCTANE GASOLINE (PLATTS) VS RBOB GASOLINE 1ST 
LINE FUTURE 
Product Name 
Gasoline Diff – Group 3 Sub-Octane Gasoline (Platts) vs RBOB Gasoline 1st 
Line Future 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the difference between the Platts daily 
assessment price for Midwest Group 3 Sub-octane Gasoline and the ICE daily 
settlement price for RBOB Gasoline 1st Line Future. 
Company Symbol 
GDL 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per gallon based on the difference between the 
average of the “Mid” quotations appearing in “Platts US Marketscan” under the 
heading “Midwest (c/gal)” subheading “Group 3” for “Sub-octane” and the 
average of the settlement prices as made public by ICE for the RBOB Gasoline 
1st Line Future for each business day (as specified below) in the determination 
period. 
Contract Series 
Up to 48 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Platts US Marketscan 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
67 
19.C.92 GASOLINE DIFF – GROUP 3 SUB-OCTANE GASOLINE (PLATTS) VS RBOB GASOLINE 1ST 
LINE BALMO FUTURE 
Product Name 
Gasoline Diff – Group 3 Sub-Octane Gasoline (Platts) vs RBOB Gasoline 1st 
Line Balmo Future 
Contract Description 
A balance of the month cash settled future based on the difference between the 
Platts daily assessment price for Midwest Group 3 Sub-octane Gasoline and the 
ICE settlement price for RBOB Gasoline 1st Line Future. 
Company Symbol 
GPR 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels (42,000 gallons) 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per gallon based on the difference between the 
average of the “Mid” quotations appearing in “Platts US Marketscan” under the 
heading “Midwest (c/gal)” subheading “Group 3” for “Sub-octane” and the 
average of the settlement prices as made public by NYMEX for the front month 
RBOB Gasoline Future for each business day (as specified below) in the 
determination period. 
Common Pricing applies. 
Contract Series 
Up to 2 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Platts US Marketscan 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
68 
19.C.93 GASOLINE DIFF – GROUP 3 V-GRADE SUB-OCTANE GASOLINE (OPIS) VS RBOB 
GASOLINE 1ST LINE FUTURE 
Product Name 
Gasoline Diff – Group 3 V-Grade Sub-Octane Gasoline (OPIS) vs RBOB 
Gasoline 1st Line Future 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the difference between the OPIS daily 
assessment price for Midwest Group 3 Sub-Octane Regular Gasoline and the 
ICE settlement price for RBOB Gasoline 1st Line Future. 
Company Symbol 
G3V 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels (42,000 gallons) 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per gallon based on the difference between the 
average of the “Mean” quotations appearing in the “OPIS Full-Day Refined 
Spots Report” under the heading “OPIS U.S. Midwest Spot Gasoline Prices 
(cts/gal)” subheading “Group 3” and “Prompt Prices” for “Sub-Oct Reg” and 
the average of the settlement prices as made public by NYMEX for the front 
month RBOB Gasoline Future for each business day (as specified below) in the 
determination period. 
Common Pricing applies. 
Contract Series 
Up to 48 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for OPIS Full-Day Refined Spots Report 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
69 
19.C.94 RESERVED 
19.C.95 CRUDE DIFF – ICE WCS 1B INDEX BALMO FUTURE 
Product Name 
Crude Diff – ICE WCS 1B Index Balmo Future 
Contract Description 
A balance of the month cash settled future based on the ICE WCS (Western 
Canadian Select) Daily Weighted Average Price Index (ICE WCS 1b).  The ICE 
WCS 1b Index is expressed as a differential to the NYMEX WTI 1st Line Future 
(Calendar Month Average) 
Company Symbol 
TDY 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Trading shall cease one Canadian business day prior to the Notice of Shipments 
(NOS) date on the Enbridge Pipeline.  The NOS date occurs on or about the 
20th calendar day of the month, subject to confirmation by Enbridge Pipeline.  
The official schedule for the NOS dates will be made publicly available by 
Enbridge Pipeline prior to the start of each year 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the ICE WCS 1b Index, as 
published by NGX.  The index pricing period begins on the first Canadian 
business day of the calendar month prior to the contract month and ends on the 
Canadian business day prior to the NOS date (as published by Enbridge) in the 
same calendar month 
Contract Series 
Front month only, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for NGX Crude Oil Markets 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
70 
19.C.96 CRUDE DIFF – ICE WCS 1A INDEX BALMO FUTURE 
Product Name 
Crude Diff – ICE WCS 1A Index Balmo Future 
Contract Description 
A balance of the month cash settled future based on the ICE WCS (Western 
Canadian Select) Monthly Volume Weighted Average Price Index (ICE WCS 
1a).  The ICE WCS 1a Index is expressed as a differential to the NYMEX WTI 
1st Line Future (Calendar Month Average). 
Company Symbol 
TMY 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Trading shall cease one Canadian business day prior to the Notice of Shipments 
(NOS) date on the Enbridge Pipeline.  The NOS date occurs on or about the 
20th calendar day of the month, subject to confirmation by Enbridge Pipeline.  
The official schedule for the NOS dates will be made publicly available by 
Enbridge Pipeline prior to the start of each year. 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the ICE WCS 1a Index, as 
published by NGX.  The index pricing period begins on the first Canadian 
business day of the calendar month prior to the contract month and ends on the 
Canadian business day prior to the NOS date (as published by Enbridge) in the 
same calendar month. 
Contract Series 
Front month only, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for NGX Crude Oil Markets 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
71 
19.C.97 RESERVED 
19.C.98 RESERVED  
19.C.99 NATURAL GASOLINE, OPIS MT. BELVIEU NON-TET VS NAPHTHA CIF NWE CARGOES 
(PLATTS) FUTURE  
Product Name  
Natural Gasoline, Opis Mt. Belvieu Non-Tet Vs Naphtha CIF NEW 
Cargoes (Platts) Future 
Description 
A monthly cash settled future based on the difference between the OPIS daily 
assessment price for Mt. Belvieu Non-TET Natural Gasoline and the Platts 
daily assessment price for Naphtha CIF NWE Cargoes. 
Company Symbol 
GCY 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels (42,000 gallons) 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent (¢0.01) per gallon 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One thousandth of one cent (¢0.001) per gallon 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One thousandth of one cent (¢0.001) per gallon 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per gallon based on the difference between the 
average of the “Avg” quotations appearing in the “OPIS North America LPG 
Report” under the heading “OPIS Mont Belvieu Spot Gas Liquids Prices 
(cts/gal)” subheading “Any Current Month” for “Non-TET N. Gasoline” and 
the average of the “Mid” quotations appearing in the “Platts European 
Marketscan” under the heading “Northwest Europe cargoes” subheading “CIF 
NWE/Basis ARA” for “Naphtha” for each business day (as specified in Final 
Settlement Price below) in the determination period. 
Non-Common Pricing applies. 
conversion factor:  1 metric tonne = 373.8 gallons (for Naphtha) 
Contract Series 
Up to 48 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Date 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for OPIS North America LPG Report and Platts European 
Marketscan 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
72 
19.C.100 RESERVED 
19.C.101 DIESEL DIFF – NEW YORK HARBOR ULSD 1-MONTH CALENDAR SPREAD FUTURE 
Product Name 
Diesel Diff – New York Harbor ULSD 1-Month Calendar Spread Future 
Contract Description 
A New York Harbor ULSD 1-Month Calendar Spread Future used for the 
purposes of settling the New York Harbor ULSD Gasoline 1-Month Calendar 
Spread Option. 
Contract Symbol 
HOC 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels (42,000 gallons) 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels (42,000 gallons) 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Last Trading Day 
Trading shall cease at the end of the designated settlement period on the last 
trading day of the nearby month ICE Futures Europe New York Harbor Heating 
Oil Futures Contract. 
Final Settlement Price 
A price in USD and cents per gallon equal to the difference between the 
settlement price of the nearby ICE Futures Europe New York Harbor Heating 
Oil Futures Contract and the settlement price of the next consecutive contract 
month of the ICE Futures Europe New York Harbor Heating Oil Futures 
Contract series on the Last Trading Day. 
Contract Series 
Up to 36 consecutive 1-month calendar spreads, or as otherwise determined by 
the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for ICE  
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
73 
19.C.102 CRUDE DIFF - ARGUS WCS (HOUSTON) CRUDE OIL TRADE MONTH FUTURE 
 
Description: 
A cash settled future based on the Argus daily assessment price for WCS (Western Canadian 
Select) basis Houston. The Argus WCS (Houston) Crude Oil Trade Month Future is expressed as a differential to  
WTI Calendar Month Average (CMA NYMEX). 
 
Contract Symbol: ARV 
 
Contract Size: 
1,000 barrels 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Last Trading Day: Trading shall cease at the close of trading on the last business day that falls on or before the 
25th calendar day of the month prior to the contract month. If the 25th calendar day is a weekend or holiday, trading 
shall cease on the first business day prior to the 25th calendar day. 
 
Floating Price: In respect of daily settlement, the Floating Price will be determined by ICE using price data from a 
number of sources including spot, forward and derivative markets for both physical and financial products. 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents per barrel 
based on the average of the “Diff weighted average” quotations appearing in the "Argus Crude" report under the 
heading "US Gulf Coast and Midcontinent" subheading “Texas” for "WCS Houston", basis CMA Nymex” for each 
business day (as specified below) in the determination period.  
 
Contract Series: Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
Business Days: Publication days for Argus Crude 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
74 
19.C.103 RESERVED 
 
19.C.104 GASOLINE DIFF - RBOB GASOLINE 1ST LINE VS ARGUS EUROBOB NON-OXY FOB 
ROTTERDAM BARGES FUTURE 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based on the difference between the ICE daily settlement price for 
RBOB Gasoline 1st Line Future and the Argus daily assessment price for Eurobob Non-Oxy FOB Rotterdam 
Barges. 
Contract Symbol: NOX 
Contract Size: 1,000 metric tonnes (349,860 gallons) 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 metric tonnes 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent (¢0.01) per gallon 
Settlement Price Quotation: One thousandth of one cent (¢0.001) per gallon 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One thousandth of one cent (¢0.001) per gallon 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
Floating Price: In respect of daily settlement, the Floating Price will be determined by ICE using price data from a 
number of sources including spot, forward and derivative markets for both physical and financial products. 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents per gallon 
based on the difference between the average of the settlement prices as made public by the ICE for the RBOB 
Gasoline 1st Line Future and the average of the mean of the high and low quotations appearing in the “Argus 
European Products” report under the heading “Northwest Europe light products” for “Eurobob non-oxy” for each 
business day (as specified below) in the determination period.  
Non-Common: Pricing applies.  
conversion factor: 1 metric tonne = 349.86 gallons. 
Contract Series: Up to 48 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Business days: Publication days for Argus European Products 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
75 
19.C.105 FUEL OIL DIFF - MARINE FUEL 0.5% FOB USGC BARGES (PLATTS) VS USGC HSFO 
(PLATTS) FUTURE 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based on the difference between the Platts daily assessment 
price for 0.5% FOB US Gulf Coast Barges Marine Fuel and the Platts daily assessment price for US Gulf 
Coast High Sulphur Fuel Oil. 
 
Contract Symbol: MF2 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Floating Price: In respect of daily settlement, the Floating Price will be determined by ICE using price 
data from a number of sources including spot, forward and derivative markets for both physical and 
financial products. 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per barrel based on the difference between the average of the “$/barrel” quotations appearing in the 
“Platts US Marketscan” under the heading “Marine Fuel” for “0.5% FOB US Gulf Coast barge” and the 
average of the “Mid” quotations appearing in the “Platts US Marketscan” under the heading “Gulf Coast” 
subheading “Houston” and “$/barrel” for “USGC HSFO”  for each business day (as specified below) in 
the determination period. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Day in the determination 
period. 
 
Business Days: Publication days for Platts US Marketscan 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
76 
19.C.106 RESERVED 
 
19.C.107 RESERVED 
 
19.C.108 CONDENSATE DIFF - ICE C5 PEA 1A INDEX FUTURE 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based on the ICE C5 Peace Pipeline Monthly Volume 
Weighted Average Price Index (ICE C5 PEA 1a). The ICE C5 PEA 1a Index is expressed as a differential 
to the NYMEX WTI 1st Line Future (Calendar Month Average). 
 
Contract Symbol: CEG 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per barrel 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per barrel 
 
Last Trading Day: Trading shall cease one Canadian business day prior to the Notice of Shipments 
(NOS) date on the Enbridge Pipeline. The NOS date occurs on or about the 20th calendar day of the 
month, subject to confirmation by Enbridge Pipeline. The official schedule for the NOS dates will be 
made publicly available by Enbridge Pipeline prior to the start of each year. 
 
Final Settlement Price: A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the ICE C5 PEA 1a Index, as 
published by ICE-NGX. The index pricing period for each contract month begins on the first Canadian 
business day of the calendar month prior to the contract month and ends on the Canadian business day 
prior to the NOS date (as published by Enbridge) in the same calendar month. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
Business Days: Publication days for ICE-NGX Crude Oil Markets 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
77 
19.C.109 CONDENSATE DIFF - ICE C5 ENB 1A INDEX FUTURE 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based on the ICE C5 Enbridge Pipeline Monthly Volume 
Weighted Average Price Index (ICE C5 ENB 1a). The ICE C5 ENB 1a Index is expressed as a 
differential to the NYMEX WTI 1st Line Future (Calendar Month Average). 
 
Contract Symbol: CEH 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per barrel 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per barrel 
 
Last Trading Day: Trading shall cease one Canadian business day prior to the Notice of Shipments 
(NOS) date on the Enbridge Pipeline. The NOS date occurs on or about the 20th calendar day of the 
month, subject to confirmation by Enbridge Pipeline. The official schedule for the NOS dates will be 
made publicly available by Enbridge Pipeline prior to the start of each year. 
 
Final Settlement Price: A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the ICE C5 ENB 1a Index, as 
published by ICE-NGX. The index pricing period for each contract month begins on the first Canadian 
business day of the calendar month prior to the contract month and ends on the Canadian business day 
prior to the NOS date (as published by Enbridge) in the same calendar month. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
Business Days: Publication days for ICE-NGX Crude Oil Markets 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 
 


 
78 
19.C.110 FUEL OIL DIFF - MARINE FUEL 0.5% FOB USGC BARGES (PLATTS) VS 3.5% FOB 
ROTTERDAM BARGES (PLATTS) FUTURE (IN BBLS) 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based on the Platts daily assessment price for 0.5% FOB US 
Gulf Coast Barges Marine Fuel and the Platts daily assessment price for 3.5% FOB Rotterdam Barges 
Fuel Oil (in bbls). 
 
Contract Symbol: FOR 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per barrel based on the difference between the average of the “$/barrel” quotations appearing in the 
“Platts US Marketscan” under the heading “Marine Fuel” for “0.5% FOB US Gulf Coast barge" and the 
average of the ”$/mt” quotations appearing in the "Platts European Marketscan" under the heading 
"Northwest Europe barges" subheading "FOB Rotterdam" for "Fuel oil 3.5%" for each business day (as 
specified below) in the determination period. 
 
conversion factor: 1 metric tonne = 6.35 barrels 
 
Contract Series: Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
Business Days: Publication days for Platts US Marketscan and Platts European Marketscan 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
79 
19.C.111 RESERVED 
 
19.C.112 RESERVED 
 
19.C.113 HEATING OIL ARB - NYH ULSHO 1ST LINE VS LOW SULPHUR GASOIL 1ST LINE 
FUTURE (IN BBLS) 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based on the difference between the ICE settlement price for 
NYH ULSHO 1st Line Future and the ICE settlement price for Low Sulphur Gasoil 1st Line Future. 
 
Contract Symbol: NYG 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels (42,000 gallons) 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per gallon based on the difference between the average of the settlement prices as made public by ICE for 
the front month NYH ULSHO Future and the average of the settlement prices as made public by ICE for 
the front month Low Sulphur Gasoil Future for each business day in the determination period.  
 
conversion factor: 1 metric tonne = 312.9 gallons 
 
Roll Adjust Provision: In order to use the correct Floating Price quotations, the nearby month quotation 
for ICE Low Sulphur Gasoil Futures specified in the Floating Price terms above will be used except for 
the expiration date of the commodity's underlying delivery month's futures contract. On such date, the 
applicable pricing quotation will be rolled to the following month's futures contract. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 48 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
Business days: ICE Business Days 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
80 
19.C.114 CRUDE DIFF – PERMIAN WTI 1ST LINE VS BRENT 1ST LINE FUTURE 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based on the ICE settlement price for Permian WTI 1st Line 
Future and the ICE settlement price for Brent 1st Line Future. 
 
Contract Symbol: HOV 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per barrel based on the difference between the average of the settlement prices as made public by ICE for 
the front month Permian WTI Future and the average of the settlement prices as made public by ICE for 
the front month ICE Brent Future for each business day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
 
Roll Adjust Provision: In order to use the correct Floating Price quotations, the nearby month quotation 
for ICE Brent Crude Futures specified in the Floating Price terms above will be used except for the 
expiration date of the commodity's underlying delivery month's futures contract. On such date, the 
applicable pricing quotation will be rolled to the following month's futures contract. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 96 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
Business days: ICE Business Days 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
81 
19.C.115 CRUDE DIFF – PERMIAN WTI 1ST LINE VS WTI 1ST LINE FUTURE 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based on the ICE settlement price for Permian WTI 1st Line 
Future and the ICE settlement price for WTI 1st Line Future. 
 
Contract Symbol: HOW 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per barrel based on the difference between the average of the settlement prices as made public by ICE for 
the front month Permian WTI Future contract and the average of the settlement prices as made public by 
ICE for the front month ICE WTI Future contract for each business day (as specified below) in the 
determination period. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 96 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
Business days: ICE Business Days 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
82 
19.C.116 CRUDE DIFF – PERMIAN WTI 1ST LINE VS DUBAI 1ST LINE (PLATTS) FUTURE 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based on the ICE daily settlement price for Permian WTI 1st 
Line Future and the Platts daily assessment price for prompt Dubai. 
 
Contract Symbol: HOX 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per barrel based on the difference between the average of the settlement prices as made public by ICE for 
the front month Permian WTI Future contract and the average of the “Mid” quotations appearing in 
“Platts Crude Oil Marketwire” under the heading “Key benchmarks ($/barrel)” for “Dubai” for each 
business bay (as specified below) in the determination period. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
Business days: Publication days for Platts Crude Oil Marketwire and ICE 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 


 
83 
19.C.117 RESERVED 
 
19.C.118  Crude Diff - Argus WTL Midland vs WTI Trade Month Future  
 
Description: A cash settled future based on the difference between the Argus daily assessment price for 
WTL Midland (1st Month) and the Argus daily assessment price for WTI Formula Basis (1st Month). 
 
Contract Symbol: MTD 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Last Trading Day: Trading shall cease at the close of trading on the last business day that falls on or 
before the 25th calendar day of the month prior to the contract month. If the 25th calendar day is a 
weekend or holiday, trading shall cease on the first business day prior to the 25th calendar day 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per barrel based on the average of the quotations appearing in the "Argus Crude" report under the heading 
"Texas", subheading “Diff weighted average” for "WTL Midland" (1st month), for each business day (as 
specified below) in the determination period. 
 
The average of the WTL Midland (1st month) differential weighted average (Diff weighted average) price 
taken from Argus Media, is based upon the weighted average floating price of WTL Midland minus the 
“WTI Formula Basis” price from Argus Media, for the Trade month period beginning with the first 
business day after the 25th calendar day two months prior to the contract month through the last business 
day that falls on or before the 25th calendar day of the month prior to the contract month. If the 25th 
calendar day is a weekend or holiday, the Trade month period shall end on the first business day prior to 
the 25th calendar day. 
 
Common Pricing applies 
 
Contract Series: Up to 72 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Business Days: ICE Business Days 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
84 
19.C.119 Fuel Oil Diff - Marine Fuel 0.5% FOB USGC Barges (Platts) vs. Marine Fuel 0.5% FOB 
Rotterdam Barges (Platts) Balmo Future (in MTs) 
 
Description: A balance of the month cash settled future based on the difference between the Platts daily 
assessment price for Marine Fuel 0.5% FOB USGC Barges and the Platts daily assessment price for 
Marine Fuel 0.5% FOB Rotterdam Barges. 
 
Contract Symbol: MFO 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 metric tonnes 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 metric tonnes 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per metric tonne 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per metric tonne based on the difference between the average of the “Mid” quotations appearing in the 
“Platts US Marketscan” under the heading “Marine Fuel” for “0.5% FOB US Gulf Coast barge" and 
“$/MT” and the average of the “Mid”  quotations appearing in the “Platts European Marketscan” under 
the heading “Marine Fuel” for “0.5% FOB Rotterdam barge and “$/mt” for each business day (as 
specified below) in the determination period. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
Business Days: Publication days for Platts US Marketscan and Platts European Marketscan 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
85 
19.C.120  Fuel Oil Diff - Marine Fuel 0.5% FOB USGC Barges (Platts) vs. Marine Fuel 0.5% FOB 
Rotterdam Barges (Platts) Future (in MTs) 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based on the difference between the Platts daily assessment 
price for Marine Fuel 0.5% FOB USGC Barges and the Platts daily assessment price for Marine Fuel 
0.5% FOB Rotterdam Barges. 
 
Contract Symbol: MGB 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 metric tonnes 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 metric tonnes 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per metric tonne 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per metric tonne based on the difference between the average of the “Mid” quotations appearing in the 
“Platts US Marketscan” under the heading “Marine Fuel” for “0.5% FOB US Gulf Coast barge" and 
“$/MT” and the average of the “Mid”  quotations appearing in the “Platts European Marketscan” under 
the heading “Marine Fuel” for “0.5% FOB Rotterdam barge and “$/mt” for each business day (as 
specified below) in the determination period. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
Business Days: Publication days for Platts US Marketscan and Platts European Marketscan 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
86 
19.C.121 RESERVED 
 
19.C.128 Fuel Oil Diff - Marine Fuel 0.5% FOB USGC Barges (Platts) vs Marine Fuel 0.5% FOB 
Rotterdam Barges (Platts) Future (in Bbls) 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based on the difference between the Platts daily assessment 
price for Marine Fuel 0.5% FOB US Gulf Coast Barges and the Platts daily assessment price for 0.5% 
FOB Rotterdam Barges Marine Fuel. 
Contract Symbol: JFO 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per barrel based on the difference between the average of the “$/barrel” quotations appearing in the 
“Platts US Marketscan” under the heading “Marine Fuel” for “0.5% FOB US Gulf Coast barge” and the 
average of the “$/MT” quotations appearing in the “Platts European Marketscan” under the heading 
“Marine Fuel” for “0.5% FOB Rotterdam barge” for each business day (as specified below) in the 
determination period 
Non-Common Pricing applies. 
conversion factor: 1 metric tonne = 6.35 barrels 
Contract Series: Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days: Publication days for Platts US Marketscan and Platts European Marketscan 
MIC: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 
 


 
87 
19.C.129 Crude Diff - Argus WTI Houston vs Dated Brent (Platts) Future 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based on the difference between the Argus daily assessment 
price for WTI Houston and the Platts daily assessment price for Dated Brent. 
Contract Symbol: ACB 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per barrel based on the difference between the average of the quotations appearing in the "Argus Crude" 
report under the heading "US Gulf Coast and Midcontinent", subheading “Weighted average” for "WTI 
Houston" and the average of the “Mid” quotations appearing in the “Platts Crude Oil Marketwire” under 
the heading “Key benchmarks ($/barrel)” for “Brent (Dated)” for each business day (as specified below) 
in the determination period. 
Non-Common Pricing Applies. 
Contract Series: Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Day in the determination 
period. 
business days: Publication days for Argus Crude and Platts Crude Oil Marketwire 
MIC: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
88 
19.C.130 Fuel Oil Diff - Marine Fuel 0.5% FOB USGC Barges (Platts) vs USGC HSFO (Platts) 
Future (in MTs) 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based on the difference between the Platts daily assessment 
price for Marine Fuel 0.5% FOB US Gulf Coast Barges and the Platts daily assessment price for US Gulf 
Coast High Sulphur Fuel Oil. 
 
Contract Symbol: JFM 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 metric tonnes 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 metric tonnes 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per metric tonne 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per metric tonne based on the difference between the average of the “$/MT” quotations appearing in the 
“Platts US Marketscan” under the heading “Marine Fuel” for “0.5% FOB US Gulf Coast barge” and the 
average of the “Mid” quotations appearing in the “Platts US Marketscan” under the heading “Gulf Coast” 
subheading “Houston” and “$/barrel” for “USGC HSFO” for each business day (as specified below) in 
the determination period. 
 
Non-Common Pricing applies. 
 
Conversion Factor: 1 metric tonne = 6.35 barrels 
 
Contract Series: Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
Business Days: Publication days for Platts US Marketscan 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
  
 
 


 
89 
19.C.131 Fuel Oil Diff - Marine Fuel 0.5% FOB USGC Barges (Platts) vs USGC HSFO (Platts) 
Balmo Future (in MTs) 
 
Description: A balance of the month cash settled future based on the difference between the Platts daily 
assessment price for Marine Fuel 0.5% FOB US Gulf Coast Barges and the Platts daily assessment price 
for US Gulf Coast High Sulphur Fuel Oil. 
 
Contract Symbol: JFN 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 metric tonnes 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 metric tonnes 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per metric tonne 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per metric tonne based on the difference between the average of the “$/MT” quotations appearing in the 
“Platts US Marketscan” under the heading “Marine Fuel” for “0.5% FOB US Gulf Coast barge” and the 
average of the “Mid” quotations appearing in the “Platts US Marketscan” under the heading “Gulf Coast” 
subheading “Houston” and “$/barrel” for “USGC HSFO” for each business day (as specified below) in 
the determination period. 
 
Non-Common Pricing applies. 
 
Conversion Factor: 1 metric tonne = 6.35 barrels 
 
Contract Series: Up to 2 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
Business Days: Publication days for Platts US Marketscan 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
90 
19.C.132 Fuel Oil Diff - Marine Fuel 0.5% Delivered US Atlantic Coast Barges (Platts) vs Marine 
Fuel 0.5% FOB USGC Barges (Platts) Future (in MTs) 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based on the difference between the Platts daily assessment 
price for 0.5% Delivered US Atlantic Coast Marine Fuel barges and the Platts daily assessment price for 
0.5% FOB US Gulf Coast Barges Marine Fuel (in MTs) 
 
Contract Symbol: MGJ 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 metric tonnes 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 metric tonnes 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per metric tonne 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per metric tonne based on the difference between the average of the “$/mt” quotations appearing in the 
“Platts US Marketscan” under the heading “Marine Fuel” for “0.5% Dlvd US Atlantic Coast barge” and 
the average of the “$/mt” quotations appearing in the “Platts US Marketscan” under the heading “Marine 
Fuel” for “0.5% FOB US Gulf Coast barge” for each business day (as specified below) in the 
determination period. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
Business Days: Publication days for Platts US Marketscan 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 
 


 
91 
19.C.133 Fuel Oil Diff - Marine Fuel 0.5% Delivered US Atlantic Coast Barges (Platts) vs Marine 
Fuel 0.5% FOB USGC Barges (Platts) Future (in Bbls) 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based on the difference between the Platts daily assessment 
price for 0.5% Delivered US Atlantic Coast Marine Fuel barges and the Platts daily assessment price for 
0.5% FOB US Gulf Coast Barges Marine Fuel (in Bbls). 
 
Contract Symbol: MGK 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per barrel based on the difference between the average of the “$/barrel” quotations appearing in the 
“Platts US Marketscan” under the heading “Marine Fuel” for “0.5% Dlvd US Atlantic Coast barge” and 
the average of the “$/barrel” quotations appearing in the “Platts US Marketscan” under the heading 
“Marine Fuel” for “0.5% FOB US Gulf Coast barge” for each business day (as specified below) in the 
determination period. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
Business Days: Publication days for Platts US Marketscan 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 
 


 
92 
19.C.134 Fuel Oil Diff - Marine Fuel 0.5% FOB USGC (Platts) vs Low Sulphur Gasoil 1st Line 
Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based on the difference between the Platts daily assessment 
price for 0.5% FOB US Gulf Coast Barges Marine Fuel and the ICE settlement price for Low Sulphur 
Gasoil 1st Line Future. 
 
Contract Symbol: MGL 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 metric tonnes 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 metric tonnes 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per metric tonne 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per metric tonne based on the difference between the average of the “$/mt” quotations appearing in the 
“Platts US Marketscan” under the heading “Marine Fuel" for "0.5% FOB USGC" and the average of the 
settlement prices as made public by ICE for the front month Low Sulphur Gasoil Future for each business 
day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
 
Roll Adjust Provision: In order to use the correct Floating Price quotations, the nearby month quotation 
for ICE Low Sulphur Gasoil Futures specified in the Floating Price terms above will be used except for 
the expiration date of the commodity's underlying delivery month's futures contract. On such date, the 
applicable pricing quotation will be rolled to the following month's futures contract. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 72 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
Business Days: Publication days for Platts US Marketscan and ICE 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 
 


 
93 
19.C.135 Fuel Oil Diff - Marine Fuel 0.5% FOB USGC (Platts) vs Low Sulphur Gasoil 1st Line 
Balmo Future 
 
Description: A balance of the month cash settled future based on the difference between the Platts daily 
assessment price for 0.5% FOB US Gulf Coast Barges Marine Fuel and the ICE settlement price for Low 
Sulphur Gasoil 1st Line Future. 
 
Contract Symbol: MGM 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 metric tonnes 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 metric tonnes 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per metric tonne 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per metric tonne based on the difference between the average of the “$/mt” quotations appearing in the 
“Platts US Marketscan” under the heading “Marine Fuel" for "0.5% FOB USGC" and the average of the 
settlement prices as made public by ICE for the front month Low Sulphur Gasoil Future for each business 
day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
 
Roll Adjust Provision: In order to use the correct Floating Price quotations, the nearby month quotation 
for ICE Low Sulphur Gasoil Futures specified in the Floating Price terms above will be used except for 
the expiration date of the commodity's underlying delivery month's futures contract. On such date, the 
applicable pricing quotation will be rolled to the following month's futures contract. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 2 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
Business Days: Publication days for Platts US Marketscan and ICE 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
94 
19.C.136 Crude Oil Diff - Argus SGC vs WTI Trade Month Future 
 
Description: A cash settled future based on the Argus daily assessment price for Southern Green Canyon 
Crude Oil (1st Month) Diff weighted average. 
 
Contract Symbol: AJA 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Last Trading Day: Trading shall cease at the close of trading on the last business day that falls on or 
before the 25th calendar day of the month prior to the contract month. If the 25th calendar day is a 
weekend or holiday, trading shall cease on the first business day prior to the 25th calendar day. 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per barrel based on the average of the quotations appearing in the “Argus Crude” report under the heading 
“US Gulf Coast and Midcontinent”, subheading “Texas” and “Diff weighted average” for “Southern 
Green Canyon” for each business day (as specified below) in the determination period.  
 
The average of the Southern Green Canyon (1st month) differential weighted average (Diff weighted 
average) price taken from Argus Media, is based upon the weighted average floating price of Southern 
Green Canyon minus the "WTI Formula Basis" price from Argus Media, for the Trade month period 
beginning with the first business day after the 25th calendar day two months prior to the contract month 
through the last business day that falls on or before the 25th calendar day of the month prior to the 
contract month. If the 25th calendar day is a weekend or holiday, the Trade month period shall end on the 
first business day prior to the 25th calendar day. 
 
Common Pricing applies. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day in the 
determination period. 
 
Business Days: Publication days for Argus Crude 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
95 
19.C.137 Crude Oil Diff - Argus SGC vs WTI 1st Line Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based on the difference between the Argus daily assessment 
price for Southern Green Canyon Crude Oil (1st Month) and the ICE settlement price for WTI 1st Line 
Future. 
 
Contract Symbol: AJB 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Last Trading Day: Last trading day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per barrel based on the average of the quotations appearing in the “Argus Crude” report under the heading 
“US Gulf Coast and Midcontinent”, subheading “Texas” and “Weighted average” for “Southern Green 
Canyon” and the average of the settlement prices as made public by NYMEX for the front month WTI 
Crude Future contract for each business day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
 
Common Pricing applies. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day in the 
determination period. 
 
Business Days: Publication days for Argus Crude 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 


 
96 
19.C.138 Gasoline Diff - Argus Gulf Coast CBOB A vs RBOB Gasoline 1st Line Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based on the difference between the Argus daily assessment 
price for Gulf Coast CBOB A and the ICE settlement price for RBOB Gasoline 1st Line Future. 
 
Contract Symbol: AJC 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 bbls (42,000 gallons) 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 bbls 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Last Trading Day: Last trading day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per gallon based on the difference between the average of the mean of the high and low quotations 
appearing in the "Argus US Products" report under the heading “Gasoline” subheading “Gulf Coast” and 
“Colonial” for “Reg CBOB A” prompt cycle minus the average of the settlement prices as made public by 
NYMEX for the front month RBOB Gasoline Future for each business day (as specified below) in the 
determination period. 
  
Common Pricing applies. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 48 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day in the 
determination period. 
 
Business Days: Publication days for Argus US Products 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
97 
19.C.139 Biofuel Diff - Argus US B99 NYH vs Heating Oil 1st Line Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based on the difference between the Argus daily assessment 
price for US B99 NYH and the ICE settlement price for Heating Oil 1st Line Future. 
 
Contract Symbol: B9N 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 bbls (42,000 gallons) 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 bbls 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Last Trading Day: Last trading day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per gallon based on the difference between the average of the mean of the “Low-high price” quotations 
appearing in the "Argus Americas Biofuels" report under the heading “Biodiesel” subheading “US B99” 
for “NYH c/USG” and the average of the settlement prices as made public by NYMEX for the front 
month NY Harbor ULSD Future for each business day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
 
Common Pricing applies. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 48 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day in the 
determination period. 
 
Business Days: Publication days for Argus Americas Biofuels and NYMEX 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
98 
19.C.140 Biofuel Diff - Argus US B99 NYH vs NYH ULSHO 1st Line Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based on the difference between the Argus daily assessment 
price for US B99 NYH and the ICE settlement price for NYH ULSHO 1st Line Future. 
 
Contract Symbol: B99 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 bbls (42,000 gallons) 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 bbls 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Last Trading Day: Last trading day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per gallon based on the difference between the average of the mean of the “Low-high price” quotations 
appearing in the "Argus Americas Biofuels" report under the heading “Biodiesel” subheading “US B99” 
for “NYH c/USG” and the average of the settlement prices as made public by ICE for the front month 
NYH ULSHO Future for the month of production for each business day (as specified below) in the 
determination period. 
 
Common Pricing applies. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 48 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day in the 
determination period. 
 
Business Days: Publication days for Argus Americas Biofuels and ICE 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
99 
19.C.141 Crude Oil Diff - Midland WTI American Gulf Coast Diff to CMA ICE Trade Month 
Future 
 
Description: A cash settled future based on the difference between the Calendar Month Average (CMA) 
of the Midland WTI AGC and the prompt month Midland WTI AGC Future and the second and third 
month Midland WTI AGC Future 
 
Contract Symbol: CM1 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Last Trading Day: Trading in the current delivery month shall cease at the end of the designated 
settlement period on the third Business Day prior to the twenty-fifth calendar day of the month preceding 
the delivery month. If the twenty-fifth calendar day of the month is a Non-Business Day, trading shall 
cease at the end of the designated settlement period on the third Business Day prior to the last Business 
Day preceding the twenty-fifth calendar day 
 
Daily Settlement Price: The weighted average price of trades during a two-minute settlement period 
from 19:28:00, London time. 
 
Final Settlement Price: The Final Settlement shall be the average of the Daily CMA Diff values for the 
nominal ICE Trade Month, where the Daily CMA Diff is defined as 
 
Daily CMA Diff=((A*B)+(C*D))/E 
Where: 
A = The difference between the daily settlement of the front month and second month of the Midland 
WTI American Gulf Coast Future 
B = The number of business days in the nominal month from the first calendar day of the month to the 
expiration date of the front expiry of the Midland WTI American Gulf Coast Future 
C = The difference between the daily settlement of the front month and the third month of the Midland 
WTI American Gulf Coast Future 
D = The number of business days in the nominal month from the day following the expiration date of the 
front expiry of the Midland WTI American Gulf Coast Future 
E = The total number of business days in the nominal month (i.e. the sum of B and D) 
 
Contract Series: Up to 3 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day in the 
determination period. 
 
 
 


 
100 
Business Days: Publication days for ICE 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
101 
19.C.142 Crude Oil Diff - Midland WTI American Gulf Coast Diff to CMA ICE Trade Month 
Balmo Future 
 
Description: A balance of the month cash settled future based on the difference between the Calendar 
Month Average (CMA) of the Midland WTI AGC and the prompt month Midland WTI AGC Future and 
the second and third month Midland WTI AGC Future. 
 
Contract Symbol: CM2 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day: Trading in the current delivery month shall cease at the end of the designated 
settlement period on the third Business Day prior to the twenty-fifth calendar day of the month preceding 
the delivery month. If the twenty-fifth calendar day of the month is a Non-Business Day, trading shall 
cease at the end of the designated settlement period on the third Business Day prior to the last Business 
Day preceding the twenty-fifth calendar day  
 
Daily Settlement Price: The weighted average price of trades during a two-minute settlement period 
from 19:28:00, London time. 
 
Final Settlement Price: The Final Settlement shall be the average of the balance of the month Daily 
CMA Diff values for the nominal ICE Trade Month, where the Daily CMA Diff is defined as 
 
Daily CMA Diff=((A*B)+(C*D))/E 
Where: 
A = The difference between the daily settlement of the front month and second month of the Midland 
WTI American Gulf Coast Future 
B = The number of business days in the nominal month from the first calendar day of the month to the 
expiration date of the front expiry of the Midland WTI American Gulf Coast Future 
C = The difference between the daily settlement of the front month and the third month of the Midland 
WTI American Gulf Coast Future 
D = The number of business days in the nominal month from the day following the expiration date of the 
front expiry of the Midland WTI American Gulf Coast Future 
E = The total number of balance of the month business days in the nominal month (i.e. the sum of B and 
D) 
 
Contract Series: Up to 2 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day in the 
determination period. 
 
 


 
102 
 
Business Days: Publication days for ICE 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
103 
19.C. 143 Crude Oil Diff - Argus Bakken Cushing vs WTI Trade Month Future 
 
Description: A cash settled future based on the difference between the Argus daily assessment price for 
Bakken Cushing (front trade month) and the Argus daily assessment price for WTI Formula Basis (front 
trade month) 
 
Contract Symbol: BAF 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Last Trading Day: Trading shall cease at the close of trading on the last business day that falls on or 
before the 25th calendar day of the month prior to the contract month. If the 25th calendar day is a 
weekend or holiday, trading shall cease on the first business day prior to the 25th calendar day 
 
Final Settlement Price: A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the average of the quotations 
appearing in the “Argus Crude” report under the heading “Midcontinent”, subheading “Diff weighted 
average” for “Bakken Cushing” for each business day (as specified below) in the determination period 
 
The determination period shall be the trade month period beginning with the first business day after the 
25th calendar day two months prior to the contract month through the last business day that falls on or 
before the 25th calendar day of the month prior to the contract month. If the 25th calendar day is a 
weekend or holiday, the trade month period shall end on the first business day prior to the  
25th calendar day. 
 
Common Pricing applies. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day  
 
Business Days: Publication days for Argus Crude 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 
 


 
104 
19.C.144 Crude Oil Diff - Argus Bakken Cushing vs WTI 1st Line Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based on the difference between the Argus daily assessment 
price for Bakken Cushing Oil (1st Calendar Month) and the ICE daily settlement price for WTI 1st Line 
Future.  
 
Contract Symbol: BAC 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Last Trading Day: Last trading day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the difference between the average 
of the quotations appearing in the “Argus Crude” report under the heading “Midcontinent”, subheading 
“Weighted average” for “Bakken Cushing” and the average of the settlement prices as made public by 
ICE for the WTI 1st Line Future for each business day (as specified below) in the determination period 
 
Common Pricing applies. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day  
 
Business Days: Publication days for Argus Crude 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
105 
19.C.145 Crude Diff - Argus Bakken (Patoka) Crude Oil Trade Month Future 
 
Description: A cash settled future based on the Argus daily assessment price for the Bakken basis 
Patoka. The Argus Bakken (Patoka) Crude Oil Trade Month Future is expressed as a differential to the 
WTI Calendar Month Average (CMA NYMEX) 
 
Contract Symbol: PAB 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Last Trading Day: Trading shall cease at the close of trading on the last business day that falls on or 
before the 25th calendar day of the month prior to the contract month. If the 25th calendar day is a 
weekend or holiday, trading shall cease on the first business day prior to the 25th calendar day. 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per barrel based on the “Diff weighted average” appearing in the "Argus Crude" report under the heading 
" US Gulf Coast and Midcontinent", subheading “Midcontinent” for “Bakken Patoka”, basis “CMA 
Nymex” for each business day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day  
 
Business Days: Publication days for Argus Crude 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 
 


 
106 
19.C.146 Crude Diff - ICE Midland WTI American Gulf Coast Trade Month vs WTI Trade Month 
Future 
 
Description: An ICE trade month cash settled future based on the ICE settlement price for Midland WTI 
American Gulf Coast Trade Month Future and the settlement price for WTI Cushing Trade Month Future. 
 
Contract Symbol: HOI 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Last Trading Day: Trading in the current delivery month shall cease at the end of the designated 
settlement period on the third Business Day prior to the twenty-fifth calendar day of the month preceding 
the delivery month. If the twenty-fifth calendar day of the month is a Non-Business Day, trading shall 
cease at the end of the designated settlement period on the third Business Day prior to the last Business 
Day preceding the twenty-fifth calendar day. 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per barrel based on the difference between the average of the settlement prices as made public by ICE for 
the front month Midland WTI American Gulf Coast Futures contract and the average of the settlement 
prices as made public by NYMEX for the front month WTI Future contract for each business day (as 
specified below) in the determination period. 
 
Common pricing applies 
 
Contract Series: Up to 96 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day  
 
Business Days: Nymex Business Days 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
107 
19.C.147 Fuel Oil Diff - Marine Fuel 0.5% USGC Barges (Platts) vs Marine Fuel 0.5% FOB 
Rotterdam Barges (Platts) Balmo Future (in Bbls) 
 
Description: A balance of the month cash settled future based on the difference between the Platts daily 
assessment price for 0.5% FOB US Gulf Coast Barges Marine Fuel and the Platts daily assessment price 
for 0.5% FOB Rotterdam Barges Marine Fuel. 
 
Contract Symbol: MGH 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per barrel based on the difference between the average of the “$/barrel” quotations appearing in the 
“Platts US Marketscan” under the heading “Marine Fuel” for “0.5% FOB US Gulf Coast barge" and the 
average of the “$/mt” quotations appearing in the “Platts European Marketscan” under the heading 
“Marine Fuel” for “0.5% FOB Rotterdam barge” for each business day (as specified below) in the 
determination period. 
 
Non-Common Pricing applies. 
 
conversion factor: 1 metric tonne = 6.35 barrels 
 
Contract Series: Up to 2 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Business Days: Publication days for Platts US Marketscan and Platts European Marketscan 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 
 


 
108 
19.C.148 Gasoline Diff - USGC RBOB (Platts) vs RBOB Gasoline 1st Line Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based on the difference between the Platts daily assessment 
price for USGC RBOB and the ICE settlement price for RBOB Gasoline 1st Line Future. 
 
Contract Symbol: RAB 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels (42,000 gallons) 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels (42,000 gallons) 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per gallon based on the difference between the average of the “Mid” quotations appearing in “Platts US 
Marketscan” under the heading “Gulf Coast” subheading “Houston” and “Prompt Pipeline” for “RBOB 
83.7” and the average of the settlement prices as made public by NYMEX for the front month RBOB 
Gasoline Future for each business day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 48 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Business Days: Publication days for Platts US Marketscan 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 
 


 
109 
19.C.149 Gasoline Diff - USGC RBOB (Platts) vs RBOB Gasoline 1st Line Balmo Future 
 
Description: A balance of the month cash settled future based on the difference between the Platts daily 
assessment price for USGC RBOB and the ICE settlement price for RBOB Gasoline 1st Line Future. 
 
Contract Symbol: RAC 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels (42,000 gallons) 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels (42,000 gallons) 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per gallon based on the difference between the average of the “Mid” quotations appearing in “Platts US 
Marketscan” under the heading “Gulf Coast” subheading “Houston” and “Prompt Pipeline” for “RBOB 
83.7” and the average of the settlement prices as made public by NYMEX for the front month RBOB 
Gasoline Future for each business day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 2 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Business Days: Publication days for Platts US Marketscan 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 
 


 
110 
19.C.150 Crude Diff - Argus Bakken (DAPL) Crude Oil Trade Month Future 
 
Description: A cash settled future based on the Argus daily assessment price for Bakken DAPL. The 
Argus Bakken DAPL Crude Oil Trade Month Future is expressed as a differential to WTI Calendar 
Month Average (CMA NYMEX). 
 
Contract Symbol: DPL 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Last Trading Day: Trading shall cease at the close of trading on the last business day that falls on or 
before the 25th calendar day of the month prior to the contract month. If the 25th calendar day is a 
weekend or holiday, trading shall cease on the first business day prior to the 25th calendar day. 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per barrel based on the “Diff weighted average” quotations appearing in the "Argus Crude" report under 
the heading "US Gulf Coast and Midcontinent", subheading “Midcontinent” for “Bakken DAPL”, basis 
“CMA NYMEX” for each business day (as specified below) in the determination period. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day  
 
Business Days: Publication days for Argus Crude 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
111 
19.C.151 Reserved 
 
19.C.152 Crude Diff - ICE CLK 1a Index Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based on the ICE Cold Lake 1a Monthly Volume Weighted 
Average Price Index (ICE CLK 1a). The ICE CLK 1a Index is expressed as a differential to the NYMEX 
WTI 1st Line Future (Calendar Month Average). 
 
Contract Symbol: CLK 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per barrel 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per barrel 
 
Last Trading Day: Trading shall cease one Canadian business day prior to the Notice of Shipments 
(NOS) date on the Enbridge Pipeline. The NOS date occurs on or about the 20th calendar day of the 
month, subject to confirmation by Enbridge Pipeline. The official schedule for the NOS dates will be 
made publicly available by Enbridge Pipeline prior to the start of each year. 
 
Final Settlement Price: A price in USD and cents per barrel based on the ICE CLK 1a Index, as 
published by ICE-NGX. The index pricing period for each contract month begins on the first Canadian 
business day of the calendar month prior to the contract month and ends on the Canadian business day 
prior to the NOS date (as published by Enbridge) in the same calendar month. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day  
 
Business Days: Publication days for ICE-NGX Crude Oil Markets 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
112 
19.C.153 Crude Diff - Argus Canadian High TAN (Houston) Crude Oil Trade Month Future 
 
Description: A cash settled future based on the Argus daily assessment price for Canadian High TAN 
basis Houston. The Argus Canadian High TAN (Houston) Crude Oil Trade Month Future is expressed as 
a differential to WTI Calendar Month Average (CMA NYMEX). 
 
Contract Symbol: ARX 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Last Trading Day: Trading shall cease at the close of trading on the last business day that falls on or 
before the 25th calendar day of the month prior to the contract month. If the 25th calendar day is a 
weekend or holiday, trading shall cease on the first business day prior to the 25th calendar day. 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per barrel based on the average of the “Diff weighted average” quotations appearing in the "Argus Crude" 
report under the heading "US Gulf Coast and Midcontinent" subheading “Texas” for "Canadian High 
TAN Houston", basis CMA Nymex” for each business day (as specified below) in the determination 
period. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day  
 
Business Days: Publication days for Argus Crude 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
113 
19.C.154 Gasoline Diff - RBOB Gasoline 1st Line vs Argus Eurobob Non-Oxy FOB Rotterdam 
Barges Mini Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled mini future based on the difference between the ICE settlement price 
for RBOB Gasoline 1st Line Future and the Argus daily assessment price for Eurobob Non-Oxy FOB 
Rotterdam Barges. 
 
Contract Symbol: GDS 
 
Contract Size: 100 metric tonnes (34,986 gallons) 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 100 metric tonnes 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent (¢0.01) per gallon 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One thousandth of one cent (¢0.001) per gallon 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One thousandth of one cent (¢0.001) per gallon 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD and cents 
per gallon based on the difference between the average of the settlement prices as made public by 
NYMEX for the front month RBOB Gasoline Future and the average of the mean of the high and low 
quotations appearing in the “Argus European Products” report under the heading “Northwest Europe light 
products” for “Eurobob non-oxy” for each business day (as specified below) in the determination period.  
 
Non-common pricing applies. 
 
Conversion Factor: 1 metric tonne = 349.86 gallons. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 48 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
Business Days: Publication days for Argus European Products and NYMEX 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 


 
1 
SUBCHAPTER 19D - NATURAL GAS LIQUIDS 
 
 
 
 
19.D.1 Ethane in E/P Mix, OPIS Conway In-Well Future 
19.D.2 Ethane in E/P Mix, OPIS Conway In-Well Balmo Future 
19.D.3 Ethane in E/P Mix, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Non-TET Future  
19.D.4 Ethane in E/P Mix, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Non-TET Balmo Future 
19.D.5 Ethane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Non-TET Future  
19.D.6 Ethane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Non-TET Balmo Future   
19.D.7 Ethane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Other Non-TET Future 
19.D.8 Isobutane, OPIS Conway In-Well Future 
19.D.9 Isobutane, OPIS Conway In-Well Balmo Future 
19.D.10 Iso butane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Non-TET Future 
19.D.11 Isobutane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Non-TET Balmo Future 
19.D.12 Isobutane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu TET Future 
19.D.13 Isobutane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu TET Balmo Future 
19.D.14 Natural Gasoline, OPIS Conway In-Well Future 
19.D.15 Natural Gasoline, OPIS Conway In-Well Balmo Future 
19.D.16 Natural Gasoline, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Non-TET Future 
19.D.17 Natural Gasoline, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Non-TET Balmo Future 
19.D.18 Natural Gasoline, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Other Non-TET Future 
19.D.19 Natural Gasoline, OPIS Mt. Belvieu TET Future 
19.D.20 Natural Gasoline, OPIS Mt. Belvieu TET Balmo Future 
19.D.21 Normal Butane, OPIS Conway In-Well Future 
19.D.22 Normal Butane, OPIS Conway In-Well Balmo Future 
19.D.23 Normal Butane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Non-TET Future 
19.D.24 Normal Butane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Non-TET Balmo Future 
19.D.25 Normal Butane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Other Non-TET Future 
19.D.26 Normal Butane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu TET Future 
19.D.27 Normal Butane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu TET Balmo Future 
19.D.28 Butane, Argus Far East Index (AFEI) Future 
19.D.29 Butane, Argus Far East Index (AFEI) Balmo Future 
19.D.30 Butane, Argus Far East Index (AFEI) Mini Future 
19.D.31 Butane, Argus CIF ARA Future 


 
2 
19.D.32 Butane, Argus CIF ARA Balmo Future 
19.D.33 Butane, Argus CIF ARA Mini Future 
19.D.34 Butane, Argus Saudi CP Future 
19.D.35 Butane, Argus Saudi CP Mini Future 
19.D.36 Butane, Argus Sonatrach CP Future 
19.D.37 Propane, Argus CIF ARA Future 
19.D.38 Propane, Argus CIF ARA Balmo Future 
19.D.39 Propane, Argus CIF ARA Mini Future 
19.D.40 Propane, Argus Far East Index (AFEI) Future 
19.D.41 Propane, Argus Far East Index (AFEI) Balmo Future 
19.D.42 Propane, Argus Far East Index (AFEI) Mini Future 
19.D.43 Propane, Argus Saudi CP Future 
19.D.44 Propane, Argus Saudi CP Mini Future 
19.D.45 Propane, Argus Sonatrach CP Future 
19.D.46 Reserved 
19.D.47 Propane, OPIS Conway In-Well Future 
19.D.48 Propane, OPIS Conway In-Well Balmo Future 
19.D.49 Propane, OPIS Hattiesburg Future 
19.D.50 Propane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Non-TET Future 
19.D.51 Propane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Non-TET Balmo Future 
19.D.52 Propane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Other Non-TET Future 
19.D.53 Propane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Other Non-TET Balmo Future 
19.D.54 Propane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu TET Balmo Future 
19.D.55 Propane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu TET Balmo Future 
19.D.56 Propane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu TET Mini Future 
19.D.57 Propane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu TET vs Propane, Argus Far East Index (AFEI) Future 
19.D.58  Propane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Non-TET vs Propane, Argus Far East Index (AFEI) Future 
19.D.59 Propane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu TET vs Propane, Argus CIF ARA Future 
19.D.60 Propane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu TET vs Propane, Argus CIF ARA Future 
19.D.61 Natural Gasoline, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Non-TET vs WTI 1st Line Future 
19.D.62 [RESERVED]  
19.D.63 NGL Basket, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Non-TET Future 
19.D.64 Propane, Argus CIF ARA vs Naphtha CIF NWE Cargoes (Platts) Future 


 
3 
19.D.65 Propane, Argus CIF ARA vs Naphtha CIF NWE Cargoes (Platts) Balmo Future 
19.D.66 Propane, Argus Far East Index (AFEI) vs Naphtha C+F Japan Cargoes (Platts) Future 
19.D.67 Propane, Argus CIF ARA vs Naphtha CIF NWE Cargoes (Platts) Balmo Future 
19.D.68 Propane, Argus Far East Index (AFEI) vs Propane, Argus CIF ARA Future 
19.D.69 Propane, Argus Far East Index (AFEI) vs Propane, Argus CIF ARA Balmo Future 
19.D.70 Ethane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Non-TET Average Price Option 
19.D.71 Natural Gasoline, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Non-TET Average Price Option 
19.D.72 Normal Butane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Non-TET Average Price Option 
19.D.73 Propane, OPIS Conway In-Well Average Price Option 
19.D.74 Propane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu TET Average Price Option 
19.D.75 Ethane in E/P Mix, OPIS Conway In-Well Average Price Option 
19.D.76  Propane, Argus CIF ARA Average Price Option 
19.D.77 Propane, Argus Far East Index (AFEI) Average Price Option 
19.D.78 Reserved 
19.D.79 Propane - Daily Argus Far East Future 
19.D.80 Butane, Argus CIF ARA Mini Balmo Future 
 
19.D. 81 Propane, OPIS Edmonton Future 
 
19.D. 82 Normal Butane, OPIS LST ISOM Grade Future 
 
19.D.83 Propane, Argus CIF ARA, Mini Balmo Future  
 
19.D.84 Propane, Argus Far East Index (AFEI) Mini Balmo Futures 
 
19.D.85 Propane, Argus CIF ARA vs Brent 1st Line Future (in bbls) 
 
19.D.86 Propane, Argus CIF ARA vs Brent 1st Line Future (in MTs) 
 
19.D.87 Propane, Argus Ningbo Index (ANI) Future 
 
19.D.88 Propane, Argus Ningbo Index (ANI) Balmo Future 
 
19.D.89 Propane, Argus Ningbo Index (ANI) Mini Future 
 
19.D.90 Normal Butane - OPIS ETR ISOM Grade, Fixed Price Balmo Future 
 
 
 
 


 
4 
19.D.1 ETHANE IN E/P MIX, OPIS CONWAY IN-WELL FUTURE 
Product Name  
Ethane in E/P Mix, OPIS Conway In-Well Future 
Contract Description  
A monthly cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices published by 
OPIS for the location specified in Final Settlement Price below. 
Contract Symbol 
ECC 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 barrels 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One thousandth of one cent ($0.00001) per gallon 
The conversion factor for this contract is 42 gallons = 1 barrel. 
Contract Series  
Up to 72 consecutive monthly contract months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of  NGL-CONWAY ETHANE IN E-P (IN-WELL)-OPIS prices 
a) Description  
“NGL-CONWAY ETHANE IN E-P (IN-WELL)-OPIS” means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per gallon of ethane for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in US cents, published under the heading “Conway In-Well Spot 
Gas Liquids Prices:  Ethane (in E-P):  Any Current Month “ in the issue of OPIS that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Average 
d) Pricing calendar  
OPIS 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
5 
19.D.2 ETHANE IN E/P MIX, OPIS CONWAY IN-WELL BALMO FUTURE 
Product Name 
Ethane in E/P Mix, OPIS Conway In-Well Balmo Future 
Contract Description  
A balance of the month cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices 
published by OPIS for the location specified in Final Settlement Price below. 
Contract Symbol 
ECD 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 barrels 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One thousandth of one cent ($0.00001) per gallon; 
The conversion factor for this contract is 42 gallons = 1 barrel. 
Contract Series  
Up to 2 months of balance-of-month contract months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price  
The average of NGL-CONWAY ETHANE IN E-P (IN-WELL)-OPIS prices 
a) Description  
“NGL-CONWAY ETHANE IN E-P (IN-WELL)-OPIS” means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per gallon of ethane for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in US cents, published under the heading “Conway In-Well Spot 
Gas Liquids Prices:  Ethane (in E-P):  Any Current Month “ in the issue of OPIS that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Average 
d) Pricing calendar  
OPIS 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
6 
19.D.3 ETHANE IN E/P MIX, OPIS MT. BELVIEU NON-TET FUTURE 
Product Name  
Ethane in E/P Mix, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Non-TET Future 
Contract Description  
A monthly cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices published by 
OPIS for the location specified in Final Settlement Price below. 
Contract Symbol 
ECB 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 barrels 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One thousandth of one cent ($0.00001) per gallon; 
The conversion factor for this contract is 42 gallons = 1 barrel. 
Contract Series 
Up to 72 consecutive monthly contract months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of NGL-MONT BELVIEU EP MIX-OPIS prices 
a) Description  
“NGL-MONT BELVIEU EP MIX-OPIS” means that the price for a Pricing Date will 
be that day’s Specified Price per gallon of EP Mix for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in US cents, published under the heading “Mont Belvieu Spot Gas Liquids Prices:  
EP Mix:  Any Current Month” in the issue of OPIS that reports prices effective on that 
Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Average 
d) Pricing calendar  
OPIS 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
7 
19.D.4 ETHANE IN E/P MIX, OPIS MT. BELVIEU NON-TET BALMO FUTURE 
Product Name  
Ethane in E/P Mix, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Non-TET Balmo Future 
Contract Description  
A balance of the month cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices 
published by OPIS for the location specified in Final Settlement Price below. 
Contract Symbol 
ECA 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 barrels 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One thousandth of one cent ($0.00001) per gallon; 
The conversion factor for this contract is 42 gallons = 1 barrel. 
Contract Series 
Up to 2 months of balance-of-month contract months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of NGL-MONT BELVIEU EP MIX-OPIS prices 
a) Description  
“NGL-MONT BELVIEU EP MIX-OPIS” means that the price for a Pricing Date will 
be that day’s Specified Price per gallon of EP Mix for delivery on the Delivery Date, 
stated in US cents, published under the heading “Mont Belvieu Spot Gas Liquids Prices:  
EP Mix:  Any Current Month” in the issue of OPIS that reports prices effective on that 
Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Average 
d) Pricing calendar  
OPIS 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
8 
19.D.5 ETHANE, OPIS MT. BELVIEU NON-TET FUTURE 
Product Name  
Ethane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Non-TET Future 
Contract Description  
A monthly cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices published by 
OPIS for the location specified in Final Settlement Price below. 
Contract Symbol 
ETE 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 barrels 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One thousandth of one cent ($0.00001) per gallon; 
The conversion factor for this contract is 42 gallons = 1 barrel. 
Contract Series  
Up to 72 consecutive monthly contract months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of NGL-MONT BELVIEU PURITY ETHANE-OPIS prices 
a) Description  
“NGL-MONT BELVIEU PURITY ETHANE-OPIS” means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day’s Specified Price per gallon of ethane for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in US cents, published under the heading “Mont Belvieu Spot Gas Liquids 
Prices:  Purity Ethane:  Any Current Month” in the issue of OPIS that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Average 
d) Pricing calendar  
OPIS 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 
 


 
9 
19.D.6 ETHANE, OPIS MT. BELVIEU NON-TET BALMO FUTURE 
Product Name  
Ethane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Non-TET Balmo Future 
Contract Description  
A balance of the month cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices 
published by OPIS for the location specified in Final Settlement Price below. 
Contract Symbol 
ETF 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 barrels 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One thousandth of one cent ($0.00001) per gallon;  
The conversion factor for this contract is 42 gallons = 1 barrel. 
Contract Series  
Up to 2 months of balance-of-month contract months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of NGL-MONT BELVIEU PURITY ETHANE-OPIS prices 
a) Description  
“NGL-MONT BELVIEU PURITY ETHANE-OPIS” means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day’s Specified Price per gallon of ethane for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in US cents, published under the heading “Mont Belvieu Spot Gas Liquids 
Prices:  Purity Ethane:  Any Current Month” in the issue of OPIS that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Average 
d) Pricing calendar  
OPIS 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
10 
19.D.7 ETHANE, OPIS MT. BELVIEU OTHER NON-TET FUTURE 
Product Name 
Ethane, OPIS MT. Belvieu Other Non-TET Future  
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices published by 
OPIS for the location specified in Final Settlement Price below. 
Contract Symbol 
ETD 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels (42,000 gallons) 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels (42,000 gallons) 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading 
Price 
Quotation 
One thousandth of one cent ($0.00001) per gallon; 
Settlement 
Price 
Quotation 
One thousandth of one cent ($0.00001) per gallon; 
Minimum 
Price 
Fluctuation 
One thousandth of one cent ($0.00001) per gallon; 
The conversion factor 
for this contract is 42 
gallons = 1 barrel. 
 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of NGL-MONT BELVIEU Purity Ethane (Other Non-TET)-OPIS prices 
a) Description  
“NGL-MONT BELVIEU Purity Ethane (Other Non-TET)-OPIS” means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per gallon of ethane for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. cents, published under the heading “Mont Belvieu Spot 
Gas Liquids Prices:  Other Non-TET Purity Ethane:  Any Current Month” in the issue 
of OPIS North America LPG Report that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Average 
d) Pricing calendar  
OPIS 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Contract Series 
Up to 72 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
business days 
Publication days for OPIS 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 


 
11 
19.D.8 ISOBUTANE, OPIS CONWAY IN-WELL FUTURE 
Product Name  
Isobutane, OPIS Conway In-Well Future 
Contract Description  
A monthly cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices published by 
OPIS for the location specified in Final Settlement Price below. 
Contract Symbol 
ISC 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 barrels 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One thousandth of one cent ($0.00001) per gallon;  
The conversion factor for this contract is 42 gallons = 1 barrel. 
Contract Series  
Up to 72 consecutive monthly contract months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of NGL-CONWAY ISOBUTANE (IN-WELL)-OPIS prices 
a) Description  
“NGL-CONWAY ISOBUTANE (IN-WELL)-OPIS” means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day’s Specified Price per gallon of isobutane for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in US cents, published under the heading “Conway In-Well Spot 
Gas Liquids Prices:  Isobutane:  Any Current Month” in the issue of OPIS that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Average 
d) Pricing calendar  
OPIS 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
12 
19.D.9 ISOBUTANE, OPIS CONWAY IN-WELL BALMO FUTURE 
Product Name  
Isobutane, OPIS Conway In-Well Balmo Future 
Contract Description  
A balance of the month cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices 
published by OPIS for the location specified in Final Settlement Price below. 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Symbol 
ISD 
Contract Size  
1,000 barrels 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One thousandth of one cent ($0.00001) per gallon; 
The conversion factor for this contract is 42 gallons = 1 barrel. 
Contract Series  
Up to 2 months of balance-of-month contract months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of NGL-CONWAY ISOBUTANE (IN-WELL)-OPIS prices 
a) Description  
“NGL-CONWAY ISOBUTANE (IN-WELL)-OPIS” means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day’s Specified Price per gallon of isobutane for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in US cents, published under the heading “Conway In-Well Spot 
Gas Liquids Prices:  Isobutane:  Any Current Month” in the issue of OPIS that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Average 
d) Pricing calendar  
OPIS 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 


 
13 
19.D.10 ISOBUTANE, OPIS MT. BELVIEU NON-TET FUTURE 
Product Name  
Isobutane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Non-TET Future 
Contract Description  
A monthly cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices published by 
OPIS for the location specified in Final Settlement Price below. 
Contract Symbol 
ISO 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 barrels 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One thousandth of one cent ($0.00001) per gallon; 
The conversion factor for this contract is 42 gallons = 1 barrel. 
Contract Series  
Up to 72 consecutive monthly contract months 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of NGL-MONT BELVIEU ISOBUTANE (NON-TET)-OPIS prices 
a) Description  
“NGL-MONT BELVIEU ISOBUTANE (NON-TET)-OPIS” means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per gallon of isobutane for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in US cents, published under the heading “Mont Belvieu Spot 
Gas Liquids Prices:  Non-TET Isobutane:  Any Current Month” in the issue of OPIS 
that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Average 
d) Pricing calendar  
OPIS 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
14 
19.D.11 ISOBUTANE, OPIS MT. BELVIEU NON-TET BALMO FUTURE 
Product Name  
Isobutane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Non-TET Balmo Future 
Contract Description  
A balance of the month cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices 
published by OPIS for the location specified in Final Settlement Price below. 
Contract Symbol 
ISP 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 barrels 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One thousandth of one cent ($0.00001) per gallon;  
The conversion factor for this contract is 42 gallons = 1 barrel. 
Contract Series  
Up to 2 months of balance-of-month contract months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of NGL-MONT BELVIEU ISOBUTANE (NON-TET)-OPIS prices 
a) Description  
“NGL-MONT BELVIEU ISOBUTANE (NON-TET)-OPIS” means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per gallon of isobutane for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, stated in US cents, published under the heading “Mont Belvieu Spot 
Gas Liquids Prices:  Non-TET Isobutane:  Any Current Month” in the issue of OPIS 
that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Average 
d) Pricing calendar  
OPIS 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
15 
19.D.12 ISOBUTANE, OPIS MT. BELVIEU TET FUTURE 
Product Name  
Isobutane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu TET Future 
Contract Description  
A monthly cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices published by 
OPIS for the location specified in Final Settlement Price below. 
Contract Symbol 
ISL 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 barrels 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One thousandth of one cent ($0.00001) per gallon;  
The conversion factor for this contract is 42 gallons = 1 barrel. 
Contract Series  
Up to 72 consecutive monthly contract months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of NGL-MONT BELVIEU ISOBUTANE (TET)-OPIS prices 
a) Description  
“NGL-MONT BELVIEU ISOBUTANE (TET)-OPIS” means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day’s Specified Price per gallon of isobutane for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in US cents, published under the heading “Mont Belvieu Spot Gas 
Liquids Prices:  TET Isobutane:  Any Current Month” in the issue of OPIS that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Average 
d) Pricing calendar  
OPIS 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
16 
19.D.13 ISOBUTANE, OPIS MT. BELVIEU TET BALMO FUTURE 
Product Name  
Isobutane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu TET Balmo Future 
Contract Description  
A balance of the month cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices 
published by OPIS for the location specified in Final Settlement Price below. 
Contract Symbol 
ISQ 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 barrels 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One thousandth of one cent ($0.00001) per gallon;  
The conversion factor for this contract is 42 gallons = 1 barrel. 
Contract Series  
Up to 2 months of balance-of-month contract months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of NGL-MONT BELVIEU ISOBUTANE (TET)-OPIS prices 
a) Description  
“NGL-MONT BELVIEU ISOBUTANE (TET)-OPIS” means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day’s Specified Price per gallon of isobutane for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in US cents, published under the heading “Mont Belvieu Spot Gas 
Liquids Prices:  TET Isobutane:  Any Current Month” in the issue of OPIS that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Average 
d) Pricing calendar  
OPIS 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
17 
19.D.14 NATURAL GASOLINE, OPIS CONWAY IN-WELL FUTURE 
Product Name  
Natural Gasoline, OPIS Conway In-Well Future 
Contract Description  
A monthly cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices published by 
OPIS for the location specified in Final Settlement Price below. 
Contract Symbol 
NGC 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 barrels 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One thousandth of one cent ($0.00001) per gallon;  
The conversion factor for this contract is 42 gallons = 1 barrel. 
Contract Series  
Up to 72 consecutive monthly contract months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of NGL-CONWAY N. GASOLINE (IN-WELL)-OPIS prices 
a) Description  
“NGL-CONWAY N. GASOLINE (IN-WELL)-OPIS” means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day’s Specified Price per gallon of natural gasoline for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in US cents, published under the heading “Conway In-Well Spot 
Gas Liquids Prices:  N. Gasoline:  Any Current Month” in the issue of OPIS that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Average 
d) Pricing calendar  
OPIS 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
18 
19.D.15 NATURAL GASOLINE, OPIS CONWAY IN-WELL BALMO FUTURE 
Product Name  
Natural Gasoline, OPIS Conway In-Well Balmo Future 
Contract Description  
A balance of the month cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices 
published by OPIS for the location specified in Final Settlement Price below. 
Contract Symbol 
NGG 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 barrels 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One thousandth of one cent ($0.00001) per gallon;  
The conversion factor for this contract is 42 gallons = 1 barrel. 
Contract Series  
Up to 2 months of balance-of-month contract months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of NGL-CONWAY N. GASOLINE (IN-WELL)-OPIS prices 
a) Description  
“NGL-CONWAY N. GASOLINE (IN-WELL)-OPIS” means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day’s Specified Price per gallon of natural gasoline for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in US cents, published under the heading “Conway In-Well Spot 
Gas Liquids Prices:  N. Gasoline:  Any Current Month” in the issue of OPIS that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Average 
d) Pricing calendar  
OPIS 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
19 
19.D.16 NATURAL GASOLINE, OPIS MT. BELVIEU NON-TET FUTURE 
Product Name  
Natural Gasoline, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Non-TET Future 
Contract Description  
A monthly cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices published by 
OPIS for the location specified in Final Settlement Price below. 
Contract Symbol 
NGE 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 barrels 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One thousandth of one cent ($0.00001) per gallon;  
The conversion factor for this contract is 42 gallons = 1 barrel. 
Contract Series  
Up to 72 consecutive monthly contract months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of NGL-MONT BELVIEU N. GASOLINE (NON-TET)-OPIS prices 
a) Description  
“NGL-MONT BELVIEU N. GASOLINE (NON-TET)-OPIS” means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per gallon of natural gasoline for delivery 
on the Delivery Date, stated in US cents, published under the heading “Mont Belvieu 
Spot Gas Liquids Prices:  Non-TET N. Gasoline:  Any Current Month” in the issue of 
OPIS that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Average 
d) Pricing calendar  
OPIS 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
20 
19.D.17 NATURAL GASOLINE, OPIS MT. BELVIEU NON-TET BALMO FUTURE 
Product Name  
Natural Gasoline, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Non-TET Balmo Future 
Contract Description  
A balance of the month cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices 
published by OPIS for the location specified in Final Settlement Price below. 
Contract Symbol 
NGF 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 barrels 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One thousandth of one cent ($0.00001) per gallon;  
The conversion factor for this contract is 42 gallons = 1 barrel. 
Contract Series  
Up to 2 months of balance-of-month contract months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of NGL-MONT BELVIEU N. GASOLINE (NON-TET)-OPIS prices 
a) Description  
“NGL-MONT BELVIEU N. GASOLINE (NON-TET)-OPIS” means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per gallon of natural gasoline for delivery 
on the Delivery Date, stated in US cents, published under the heading “Mont Belvieu 
Spot Gas Liquids Prices:  Non-TET N. Gasoline:  Any Current Month” in the issue of 
OPIS that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Average 
d) Pricing calendar  
OPIS 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
21 
19.D.18 NATURAL GASOLINE, OPIS MT. BELVIEU OTHER NON-TET FUTURE 
Product Name 
Natural Gasoline, OPIS MT. Belvieu Other Non-TET Future 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices published 
by OPIS for the location specified in Final Settlement Price below. 
Contract Symbol 
NBC 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels (42,000 gallons) 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels (42,000 gallons) 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price 
Quotation 
One thousandth of one cent ($0.00001) per gallon; 
Settlement Price 
Quotation 
One thousandth of one cent ($0.00001) per gallon; 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One thousandth of one cent ($0.00001) per gallon; 
The conversion factor for this contract is 42 gallons = 1 barrel. 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of NGL-MONT BELVIEU N. Gasoline (Other Non-TET)-OPIS 
prices 
a) Description  
“NGL-MONT BELVIEU N. Gasoline (Other Non-TET)-OPIS” means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per gallon of natural 
gasoline for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. cents, published under 
the heading “Mont Belvieu Spot Gas Liquids Prices:  Other N. Gasoline:  Any 
Current Month” in the issue of OPIS North America LPG Report that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Average 
d) Pricing calendar  
OPIS 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Contract Series 
Up to 72 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
business days 
Publication days for OPIS 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
22 
19.D.19 NATURAL GASOLINE, OPIS MT. BELVIEU TET FUTURE 
Product Name  
Natural Gasoline, OPIS Mt. Belvieu TET Future 
Contract Description  
A monthly cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices published by 
OPIS for the location specified in Final Settlement Price below. 
Contract Symbol 
NGL 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 barrels 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One thousandth of one cent ($0.00001) per gallon;  
The conversion factor for this contract is 42 gallons = 1 barrel. 
Contract Series  
Up to 72 consecutive monthly contract months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of NGL-MONT BELVIEU N. GASOLINE (TET)-OPIS prices 
a) Description  
“NGL-MONT BELVIEU N. GASOLINE (TET)-OPIS” means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per gallon of natural gasoline for delivery 
on the Delivery Date, stated in US cents, published under the heading “Mont Belvieu 
Spot Gas Liquids Prices:  TET N. Gasoline:  Any Current Month” or any successor 
heading, in the issue of OPIS LP Gas Report, or any successor publication, that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Average 
d) Pricing calendar  
OPIS 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
23 
19.D.20 NATURAL GASOLINE, OPIS MT. BELVIEU TET BALMO FUTURE 
Product Name  
Natural Gasoline, OPIS Mt. Belvieu TET Balmo Future 
Contract Description  
A balance of the month cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices 
published by OPIS for the location specified in Final Settlement Price below. 
Contract Symbol 
NGK 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 barrels 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One thousandth of one cent ($0.00001) per gallon;  
The conversion factor for this contract is 42 gallons = 1 barrel. 
Contract Series  
Up to 2 months of balance-of-month contract months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of NGL-MONT BELVIEU N. GASOLINE (TET)-OPIS prices 
a) Description  
“NGL-MONT BELVIEU N. GASOLINE (TET)-OPIS” means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per gallon of natural gasoline for delivery 
on the Delivery Date, stated in US cents, published under the heading “Mont Belvieu 
Spot Gas Liquids Prices:  TET N. Gasoline:  Any Current Month” or any successor 
heading, in the issue of OPIS LP Gas Report, or any successor publication, that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Average 
d) Pricing calendar  
OPIS 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
24 
19.D.21 NORMAL BUTANE, OPIS CONWAY IN-WELL FUTURE 
Product Name  
Normal Butane, OPIS Conway In-Well Future 
Contract Description  
A monthly cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices published by 
OPIS for the location specified in Final Settlement Price below. 
Contract Symbol 
IBC 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 barrels 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One thousandth of one cent ($0.00001) per gallon;  
The conversion factor for this contract is 42 gallons = 1 barrel. 
Contract Series  
Up to 72 consecutive monthly contract months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of NGL-CONWAY N. BUTANE (IN-WELL)-OPIS prices 
a) Description  
“NGL-CONWAY N. BUTANE (IN-WELL)-OPIS” means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day’s Specified Price per gallon of normal butane for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in US cents, published under the heading “Conway In-Well Spot 
Gas Liquids Prices:  N. Butane:  Any Current Month” in the issue of OPIS that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Average 
d) Pricing calendar  
OPIS 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
25 
19.D.22 NORMAL BUTANE, OPIS CONWAY IN-WELL BALMO FUTURE 
Product Name  
Normal Butane, OPIS Conway In-Well Balmo Future 
Contract Description  
A balance of the month cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices 
published by OPIS for the location specified in Final Settlement Price below. 
Contract Symbol 
IBD 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 barrels 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One thousandth of one cent ($0.00001) per gallon;  
The conversion factor for this contract is 42 gallons = 1 barrel. 
Contract Series  
Up to 2 months of balance-of-month contract months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of NGL-CONWAY N. BUTANE (IN-WELL)-OPIS prices 
a) Description  
“NGL-CONWAY N. BUTANE (IN-WELL)-OPIS” means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day’s Specified Price per gallon of normal butane for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in US cents, published under the heading “Conway In-Well Spot 
Gas Liquids Prices:  N. Butane:  Any Current Month” in the issue of OPIS that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Average 
d) Pricing calendar  
OPIS 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
26 
19.D.23 NORMAL BUTANE, OPIS MT. BELVIEU NON-TET FUTURE 
Product Name  
Normal Butane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Non-TET Future 
Contract Description  
A monthly cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices published by 
OPIS for the location specified in Final Settlement Price below. 
Contract Symbol 
NBI 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 barrels 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One thousandth of one cent ($0.00001) per gallon;  
The conversion factor for this contract is 42 gallons = 1 barrel. 
Contract Series  
Up to 72 consecutive monthly contract months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of NGL-MONT BELVIEU N. BUTANE (NON-TET)-OPIS prices 
a) Description  
“NGL-MONT BELVIEU N. BUTANE (NON-TET)-OPIS” means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per gallon of normal butane for delivery 
on the Delivery Date, stated in US cents, published under the heading “Mont Belvieu 
Spot Gas Liquids Prices:  Non-TET N. Butane:  Any Current Month” in the issue of 
OPIS that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Average 
d) Pricing calendar  
OPIS 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
27 
19.D.24 NORMAL BUTANE, OPIS MT. BELVIEU NON-TET BALMO FUTURE 
Product Name  
Normal Butane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Non-TET Balmo Future 
Contract Description  
A balance of the month cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices 
published by OPIS for the location specified in Final Settlement Price below. 
Contract Symbol 
NBJ 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 barrels 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One thousandth of one cent ($0.00001) per gallon;  
The conversion factor for this contract is 42 gallons = 1 barrel. 
Contract Series  
Up to 2 months of balance-of-month contract months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of NGL-MONT BELVIEU N. BUTANE (NON-TET)-OPIS prices 
a) Description  
“NGL-MONT BELVIEU N. BUTANE (NON-TET)-OPIS” means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per gallon of normal butane for delivery 
on the Delivery Date, stated in US cents, published under the heading “Mont Belvieu 
Spot Gas Liquids Prices:  Non-TET N. Butane:  Any Current Month” in the issue of 
OPIS that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Average 
d) Pricing calendar  
OPIS 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
28 
19.D.25 NORMAL BUTANE, OPIS MT. BELVIEU OTHER NON-TET FUTURE 
Product Name 
Normal Butane, OPIS MT. Belvieu Other Non-TET Future 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices published by 
OPIS for the location specified in Final Settlement Price below. 
Contract Symbol 
NBE 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels (42,000 gallons) 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels (42,000 gallons) 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price 
Quotation 
One thousandth of one cent ($0.00001) per gallon; 
Settlement Price 
Quotation 
One thousandth of one cent ($0.00001) per gallon; 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One thousandth of one cent ($0.00001) per gallon; 
The conversion factor for this contract is 42 gallons = 1 barrel. 
Last Trading Day 
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of NGL-MONT BELVIEU Normal Butane (Other NON-TET)-OPIS 
prices 
a) Description  
“NGL-MONT BELVIEU Normal Butane (Other NON-TET)-OPIS” means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per gallon of Normal 
Butane for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. cents, published under the 
heading “Mont Belvieu Spot Gas Liquids Prices:  Other Non-TET N. Butane:  Any 
Current Month” in the issue of OPIS that reports prices effective on that Pricing 
Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Average 
d) Pricing calendar  
OPIS 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Contract Series 
Up to 72 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
business days 
Publication days for OPIS 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
29 
19.D.26 NORMAL BUTANE, OPIS MT. BELVIEU TET FUTURE 
Product Name  
Normal Butane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu TET Future 
Contract Description  
A monthly cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices published by 
OPIS for the location specified in Final Settlement Price below. 
Contract Symbol 
NBR 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 barrels 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One thousandth of one cent ($0.00001) per gallon;  
The conversion factor for this contract is 42 gallons = 1 barrel. 
Contract Series  
Up to 72 consecutive monthly contract months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of NGL-MONT BELVIEU REFINERY GRADE BUTANE (TET)-OPIS 
prices 
a) Description  
“NGL-MONT BELVIEU REFINERY GRADE BUTANE (TET)-OPIS” means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per gallon of normal butane 
for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in US cents, published under the heading 
“Mont Belvieu Spot Gas Liquids Prices:  TET N. Butane:  Any Current Month” in the 
issue of OPIS that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Average 
d) Pricing calendar  
OPIS 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
30 
19.D.27 NORMAL BUTANE, OPIS MT. BELVIEU TET BALMO FUTURE 
Product Name  
Normal Butane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu TET Balmo Future 
Contract Description  
A balance of the month cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices 
published by OPIS for the location specified in Final Settlement Price below. 
Contract Symbol 
NBS 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 barrels 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One thousandth of one cent ($0.00001) per gallon;  
The conversion factor for this contract is 42 gallons = 1 barrel. 
Contract Series  
Up to 2 months of balance-of-month contract months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of NGL-MONT BELVIEU REFINERY GRADE BUTANE (TET)-OPIS 
prices 
a) Description  
“NGL-MONT BELVIEU REFINERY GRADE BUTANE (TET)-OPIS” means that the 
price for a Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per gallon of normal butane 
for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in US cents, published under the heading 
“Mont Belvieu Spot Gas Liquids Prices:  TET N. Butane:  Any Current Month” in the 
issue of OPIS that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Average 
d) Pricing calendar  
OPIS 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
31 
19.D.28 BUTANE, ARGUS FAR EAST INDEX (AFEI) FUTURE 
Product Name  
Butane, Argus Far East Index (AFEI) Future 
Contract Description  
A monthly cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices published by 
Argus International LPG for the location specified below. 
Contract Symbol 
ABF 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 metric tones 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation One cent ($0.01) per metric tone 
Settlement Price 
Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
Contract Series  
Up to 72 consecutive monthly contract months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of NGL-BUTANE (FAR EAST INDEX)-ARGUS INTERNATIONAL 
LPG prices 
a) Description  
“NGL-BUTANE (FAR EAST INDEX)-ARGUS INTERNATIONAL LPG” means that 
the price for a Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per tonne of butane, stated 
in US Dollars, published under the heading “Asia-Pacific:  Argus Far East Index™ 
(AFEI™):  Butane” in the issue of Argus International LPG that reports prices effective 
on that Pricing Date 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Price 
d) Pricing calendar  
Argus International LPG 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
32 
19.D.29 BUTANE, ARGUS FAR EAST INDEX (AFEI) BALMO FUTURE 
Product Name  
Butane, Argus Far East Index (AFEI) Balmo Future 
Contract Description  
A balance of month cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices 
published by Argus International LPG for the location specified in Final Settlement 
Price below. 
Contract Symbol 
BUR 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 metric tonnes 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
Contract Series  
Up to 2 months of balance-of-month contract months, or as otherwise determined by 
the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of NGL-BUTANE (FAR EAST INDEX)-ARGUS INTERNATIONAL 
LPG prices 
a) Description  
“NGL-BUTANE (FAR EAST INDEX)-ARGUS INTERNATIONAL LPG” means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per tonne of butane, 
stated in US Dollars, published under the heading “Asia-Pacific:  Argus Far East 
Index™ (AFEI™):  Butane” in the issue of Argus International LPG that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Price 
d) Pricing calendar  
Argus International LPG 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
33 
19.D.30 BUTANE, ARGUS FAR EAST INDEX (AFEI) MINI FUTURE 
Product Name  
Butane, Argus Far East Index (AFEI) Mini Future 
Contract Description  
A monthly cash settled mini future based upon the average of the daily prices 
published by Argus International LPG for the location specified in Final Settlement 
Price below. 
Contract Symbol 
BUQ 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
100 metric tonnes 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
Contract Series  
Up to 72 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of NGL-BUTANE (FAR EAST INDEX)-ARGUS INTERNATIONAL 
LPG prices 
a) Description  
“NGL-BUTANE (FAR EAST INDEX)-ARGUS INTERNATIONAL LPG” means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per tonne of butane, 
stated in US Dollars, published under the heading “Asia-Pacific:  Argus Far East 
Index™ (AFEI™):  Butane” in the issue of Argus International LPG that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Price 
d) Pricing calendar  
Argus International LPG 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
34 
19.D.31 BUTANE, ARGUS CIF ARA FUTURE 
Product Name  
Butane, Argus CIF ARA Future 
Contract Description  
A monthly cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices published by 
Argus International LPG for the location specified in Final Settlement Price below. 
Contract Symbol 
ABR 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 metric tonnes 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price 
Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per metric tonne 
Settlement Price 
Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
Contract Series  
Up to 72 consecutive monthly contract months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of NGL-BUTANE (EUROPE:  CIF ARA LARGE CARGOES)-ARGUS 
INTERNATIONAL LPG prices 
a) Description  
“NGL-BUTANE (EUROPE:  CIF ARA LARGE CARGOES)-ARGUS 
INTERNATIONAL LPG” means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day’s 
Specified Price per tonne of butane for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in US 
Dollars, published under the heading “Northwest Europe and Mediterranean:  cif ARA 
(large cargoes):  Butane” in the issue of Argus International LPG that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Price 
d) Pricing calendar  
Argus International LPG 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
35 
19.D.32 BUTANE, ARGUS CIF ARA BALMO FUTURE 
Product Name  
Butane, Argus CIF ARA Balmo Future 
Contract Description  
A balance of the month cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices 
published by Argus International LPG for the location specified in Final Settlement 
Price below. 
Contract Symbol 
BUN 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 metric tonnes 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
Contract Series  
Up to 2 months of balance-of-month contract months, or as otherwise determined by 
the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of NGL-BUTANE (EUROPE:  CIF ARA LARGE CARGOES)-ARGUS 
INTERNATIONAL LPG prices 
a) Description  
“NGL-BUTANE (EUROPE:  CIF ARA LARGE CARGOES)-ARGUS 
INTERNATIONAL LPG” means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day’s 
Specified Price per tonne of butane for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in US 
Dollars, published under the heading “Northwest Europe and Mediterranean:  cif ARA 
(large cargoes):  Butane” in the issue of Argus International LPG that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Price 
d) Pricing calendar  
Argus International LPG 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
36 
19.D.33 BUTANE, ARGUS CIF ARA MINI FUTURE 
Product Name 
Butane, Argus CIF ARA Mini Future 
Contract Description  
A monthly cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices published by 
Argus International LPG for the location specified in Final Settlement Price below. 
Contract Symbol 
ABM 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
100 metric tonnes 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price 
Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per metric tonne 
Settlement Price 
Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
Contract Series  
Up to 72 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of NGL-BUTANE (EUROPE:  CIF ARA LARGE CARGOES)-ARGUS 
INTERNATIONAL LPG prices 
a) Description  
“NGL-BUTANE (EUROPE:  CIF ARA LARGE CARGOES)-ARGUS 
INTERNATIONAL LPG” means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day’s 
Specified Price per tonne of butane for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in US 
Dollars, published under the heading “Northwest Europe and Mediterranean:  cif ARA 
(large cargoes):  Butane” in the issue of Argus International LPG that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Price 
d) Pricing calendar  
Argus International LPG 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
37 
19.D.34 BUTANE, ARGUS SAUDI CP FUTURE 
Product Name  
Butane, Argus Saudi CP Future 
Contract Description  
A cash settled future equal to the price published by Argus International LPG for the 
location specified in Final Settlement Price below. 
Contract Symbol 
ABS 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 metric tonnes 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation One cent ($0.01) per metric tonne 
Settlement Price 
Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
Contract Series  
Up to 72 consecutive monthly contract months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day prior to the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The NGL-BUTANE (SAUDI ARAMCO)-ARGUS INTERNATIONAL LPG price for 
the Pricing Date 
a) Description  
“NGL-BUTANE (SAUDI ARAMCO)-ARGUS INTERNATIONAL LPG” means that 
the price for a Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per tonne of butane for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in US Dollars, published under the heading 
“International comparisons:  Saudi Aramco:  Butane” in the issue of Argus 
International LPG that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date 
b) Pricing Date  
First business day of the contract month 
c) Specified Price  
Price 
d) Pricing calendar  
Argus International LPG 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
38 
19.D.35 BUTANE, ARGUS SAUDI CP MINI FUTURE 
Product Name  
Butane, Argus Saudi CP Mini Future 
Contract Description  
A cash settled mini future equal to the price published by Argus International LPG for 
the location specified in Final Settlement Price below. 
Contract Symbol 
BUS 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
100 metric tonnes 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
Contract Series  
Up to 72 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day prior to the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The NGL-BUTANE (SAUDI ARAMCO)-ARGUS INTERNATIONAL LPG price 
for the Pricing Date 
a) Description  
“NGL-BUTANE (SAUDI ARAMCO)-ARGUS INTERNATIONAL LPG” means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per tonne of butane 
for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in US Dollars, published under the heading 
“International comparisons:  Saudi Aramco:  Butane” in the issue of Argus 
International LPG that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date 
b) Pricing Date  
First business day of the contract month 
c) Specified Price  
Price 
d) Pricing calendar  
Argus International LPG 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
39 
19.D.36 BUTANE, ARGUS SONATRACH CP FUTURE 
Product Name 
Butane, Argus Sonatrach CP Future 
Contract Description  
A cash settled future equal to the price published by Argus International LPG for the 
location specified in Final Settlement Price below. 
Contract Symbol 
ABO 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 metric tonnes 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price 
Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per metric tonne 
Settlement Price 
Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne; 
Contract Series  
Up to 72 consecutive monthly contract months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day prior to the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The NGL-BUTANE (SONATRACH FOB BETHIOUA)-ARGUS 
INTERNATIONAL LPG price for the Pricing Date 
a) Description  
“NGL-BUTANE (SONATRACH FOB BETHIOUA)-ARGUS INTERNATIONAL 
LPG “ means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per 
tonne of butane for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in US Dollars, published 
under the heading “International comparisons:  Sonatrach fob Bethioua:  Butane” in 
the issue of Argus International LPG that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
First business day of the contract month 
c) Specified Price  
Price 
d) Pricing calendar  
Argus International LPG 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
40 
19.D.37 PROPANE, ARGUS CIF ARA FUTURE 
Product Name  
Propane, Argus CIF ARA Future 
Contract Description  
A monthly cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices published by 
Argus International LPG for the location specified in Final Settlement Price below. 
Contract Symbol 
APC 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 metric tonnes 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
Contract Series  
Up to 72 consecutive monthly contract months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of NGL-PROPANE (EUROPE:  CIF ARA LARGE CARGOES)-ARGUS 
INTERNATIONAL LPG prices 
a) Description  
“NGL-PROPANE (EUROPE:  CIF ARA LARGE CARGOES)-ARGUS 
INTERNATIONAL LPG “ means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day’s 
Specified Price per tonne of propane for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in US 
Dollars, published under the heading “Northwest Europe and Mediterranean:  cif ARA 
(large cargoes):  Propane” in the issue of Argus International LPG that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Price 
d) Pricing calendar  
Argus International LPG 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
41 
19.D.38 PROPANE, ARGUS CIF ARA BALMO FUTURE 
Product Name  
Propane, Argus CIF ARA Balmo Future 
Contract Description  
A balance of the month cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices 
published by Argus International LPG for the location specified in Final Settlement 
Price below. 
Contract Symbol 
APD 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 metric tonnes 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
Contract Series  
Up to 2 months of balance-of-month contract months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of NGL-PROPANE (EUROPE:  CIF ARA LARGE CARGOES)-ARGUS 
INTERNATIONAL LPG prices 
a) Description  
“NGL-PROPANE (EUROPE:  CIF ARA LARGE CARGOES)-ARGUS 
INTERNATIONAL LPG” means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day’s 
Specified Price per tonne of propane for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in US 
Dollars, published under the heading “Northwest Europe and Mediterranean:  cif ARA 
(large cargoes):  Propane” in the issue of Argus International LPG that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Price 
d) Pricing calendar  
Argus International LPG 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
42 
19.D.39 PROPANE, ARGUS CIF ARA MINI FUTURE 
Product Name  
Propane, Argus CIF ARA Mini Future 
Contract Description  
A monthly cash settled mini future based upon the average of the daily prices 
published by Argus International LPG for the location specified in Final Settlement 
Price below. 
Contract Symbol 
AFM 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
100 metric tonnes 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
Contract Series  
Up to 72 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of NGL-PROPANE (EUROPE:  CIF ARA LARGE CARGOES)-ARGUS 
INTERNATIONAL LPG prices 
a) Description  
“NGL-PROPANE (EUROPE:  CIF ARA LARGE CARGOES)-ARGUS 
INTERNATIONAL LPG “ means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day’s 
Specified Price per tonne of propane for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in US 
Dollars, published under the heading “Northwest Europe and Mediterranean:  cif ARA 
(large cargoes):  Propane” in the issue of Argus International LPG that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Price 
d) Pricing calendar  
Argus International LPG 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
43 
19.D.40 PROPANE, ARGUS FAR EAST INDEX (AFEI) FUTURE 
Product Name  
Propane, Argus Far East Index (AFEI) Future 
Contract Description  
A monthly cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices published by 
Argus International LPG for the location specified in Final Settlement Price below. 
Contract Symbol 
AFE 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 metric tonnes 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
Contract Series  
Up to 72 consecutive monthly contract months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of NGL-PROPANE (FAR EAST INDEX)-ARGUS INTERNATIONAL 
prices 
a) Description  
“NGL-PROPANE (FAR EAST INDEX)-ARGUS INTERNATIONAL LPG “ means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per tonne of propane, 
stated in US Dollars, published under the heading “Asia-Pacific:  Argus Far East Index 
™ (AFEI ™):  Propane” in the issue of Argus International LPG that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date.  
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Price 
d) Pricing calendar  
Argus International LPG 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 


 
44 
19.D.41 PROPANE, ARGUS FAR EAST INDEX (AFEI) BALMO FUTURE 
Product Name  
Propane, Argus Far East Index (AFEI) Balmo Future 
Contract Description  
A balance of the month cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices 
published by Argus International LPG for the location specified in Final Settlement 
Price below. 
Contract Symbol 
AFF 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 metric tonnes 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
Contract Series  
Up to 2 months of balance-of-month contract months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of NGL-PROPANE (FAR EAST INDEX)-ARGUS INTERNATIONAL 
LPG prices. 
a) Description  
“NGL-PROPANE (FAR EAST INDEX)-ARGUS INTERNATIONAL LPG” means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per tonne of propane, 
stated in US Dollars, published under the heading “Asia-Pacific:  Argus Far East Index 
™ (AFEI ™):  Propane” in the issue of Argus International LPG  that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date.  
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Price 
d) Pricing calendar  
Argus International LPG 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
45 
19.D.42 PROPANE, ARGUS FAR EAST INDEX (AFEI) MINI FUTURE 
Product Name  
Propane, Argus Far East Index (AFEI) Mini Future 
Contract Description  
A monthly cash settled mini future based upon the average of the daily prices published 
by Argus International LPG for the location specified in Final Settlement Price below. 
Contract Symbol 
AFL 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
100 metric tonnes 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
Contract Series   
Up to 72 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement  
The average of NGL-PROPANE (FAR EAST INDEX)-ARGUS INTERNATIONAL 
LPG prices 
a) Description  
“NGL-PROPANE (FAR EAST INDEX)-ARGUS INTERNATIONAL LPG “ means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per tonne of propane, 
stated in US Dollars, published under the heading “Asia-Pacific:  Argus Far East 
Index™ (AFEI™):  Propane” in the issue of Argus International LPG that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Price 
d) Pricing calendar  
Argus International LPG 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
46 
19.D.43 PROPANE, ARGUS SAUDI CP FUTURE 
Product Name  
Propane, Argus Saudi CP Future 
Contract Description  
A cash settled future equal to the price published by Argus International LPG for the 
location specified in Final Settlement Price below. 
Contract Symbol 
SCP 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 metric tonnes 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne; 
Contract Series  
Up to 72 consecutive monthly contract months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day prior to the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The NGL-PROPANE (SAUDI ARAMCO)-ARGUS INTERNATIONAL LPG price for 
the Pricing Date 
a) Description  
“NGL-PROPANE (SAUDI ARAMCO)-ARGUS INTERNATIONAL LPG “ means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per tonne of propane 
for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in US Dollars, published under the heading 
“International comparisons:  Saudi Aramco:  Propane” in the issue of Argus 
International LPG that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
First business day of the contract month 
c) Specified Price  
Price 
d) Pricing calendar  
Argus International LPG 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
47 
19.D.44 PROPANE, ARGUS SAUDI CP MINI FUTURE 
Product Name  
Butane, Argus Saudi CP Mini Future 
Contract Description  
A cash settled mini future equal to the price published by Argus International LPG for 
the location specified in Final Settlement Price below. 
Contract Symbol 
AFK 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
100 metric tonnes 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
Contract Series 
Up to 72 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day prior to the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The NGL-BUTANE (SAUDI ARAMCO)-ARGUS INTERNATIONAL LPG price for 
the Pricing Date 
a) Description  
“NGL-BUTANE (SAUDI ARAMCO)-ARGUS INTERNATIONAL LPG” means that 
the price for a Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per tonne of butane for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in US Dollars, published under the heading 
“International comparisons:  Saudi Aramco:  Butane” in the issue of Argus 
International LPG that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date 
b) Pricing Date  
First business day of the contract month 
c) Specified Price  
Price 
d) Pricing calendar  
Argus International LPG 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
48 
19.D.45 PROPANE, ARGUS SONATRACH CP FUTURE 
Product Name  
Propane, Argus Sonatrach CP Future 
Contract Description  
A cash settled future equal to the price published by Argus International LPG for the 
location specified in Final Settlement Price below. 
Contract Symbol 
AFS 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 metric tonnes 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
Contract Series 
Up to 72 consecutive monthly contract months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day prior to the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The NGL-PROPANE (SONATRACH FOB BETHIOUA)-ARGUS 
INTERNATIONAL LPG price for the Pricing Date 
a) Description  
“NGL-PROPANE (SONATRACH FOB BETHIOUA)-ARGUS INTERNATIONAL 
LPG “ means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per 
tonne of propane for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in US Dollars, published 
under the heading “International comparisons:  Sonatrach fob Bethioua:  Propane” in 
the issue of Argus International LPG that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
First business day of the contract month 
c) Specified Price  
Price 
d) Pricing calendar  
Argus International LPG 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
49 
19.D.46 RESERVED 
19.D.47 PROPANE, OPIS CONWAY IN-WELL FUTURE 
Product Name  
Propane, OPIS Conway In-Well Future 
Contract Description  
A monthly cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices published by 
OPIS for the location specified in Final Settlement Price below. 
Contract Symbol 
PRC 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 barrels 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One thousandth of one cent ($0.00001) per gallon; 
The conversion factor for this contract is 42 gallons = 1 barrel. 
Contract Series 
Up to 72 consecutive monthly contract months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement  Price 
The average of NGL-CONWAY PROPANE (IN-WELL) prices 
a) Description  
“NGL-CONWAY PROPANE (IN-WELL)-OPIS” means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day’s Specified Price per gallon of propane for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in US cents, published under the heading “Conway In-Well Spot 
Gas Liquids Prices:  Propane:  Any Current Month” in the issue of OPIS that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Average 
d) Pricing calendar  
OPIS 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
50 
19.D.48 PROPANE, OPIS CONWAY IN-WELL BALMO FUTURE 
Product Name  
Propane, OPIS Conway In-Well Balmo Future 
Contract Description  
A balance of the month cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices 
published by OPIS for the location specified in Final Settlement Price below. 
Contract Symbol 
PRD 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 barrels 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One thousandth of one cent ($0.00001) per gallon;  
The conversion factor for this contract is 42 gallons = 1 barrel. 
Contract Series 
Up to 2 months of balance-of-month contract months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of NGL-CONWAY PROPANE (IN-WELL)-OPIS prices 
a) Description  
“NGL-CONWAY PROPANE (IN-WELL)-OPIS” means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day’s Specified Price per gallon of propane for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in US cents, published under the heading “Conway In-Well Spot 
Gas Liquids Prices:  Propane:  Any Current Month” in the issue of OPIS that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Average 
d) Pricing calendar  
OPIS 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 


 
51 
19.D.49 PROPANE, OPIS HATTIESBURG FUTURE 
Product Name  
Propane, OPIS Hattiesburg Future 
Contract Description  
A monthly cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices published by 
OPIS for the location specified in Final Settlement Price below. 
Contract Symbol 
PRH 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 barrels 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One thousandth of one cent ($0.00001) per gallon;  
The conversion factor for this contract is 42 gallons = 1 barrel. 
Contract Series 
Up to 72 consecutive monthly contract months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of NGL-HATTIESBURG PROPANE (IN-LINE)-OPIS prices 
a) Description  
“NGL-HATTIESBURG PROPANE (IN-LINE)-OPIS” means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per gallon of propane for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in US cents, published under the heading “Hattiesburg Spot Gas 
Liquids Prices:  Propane-In-Line:  Any Current Month” in the issue of OPIS that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Average 
d) Pricing calendar  
OPIS 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
52 
19.D.50 PROPANE, OPIS MT. BELVIEU NON-TET FUTURE 
Product Name  
Propane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Non-TET Future 
Contract Description  
A monthly cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices published by 
OPIS for the location specified in Final Settlement Price below. 
Contract Symbol 
PRN 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 barrels 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One thousandth of one cent ($0.00001) per gallon; 
The conversion factor for this contract is 42 gallons = 1 barrel. 
Contract Series 
Up to 72 consecutive monthly contract months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of NGL-MONT BELVIEU PROPANE (NON-TET)-OPIS prices 
a) Description  
“NGL-MONT BELVIEU PROPANE (NON-TET)-OPIS” means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per gallon of propane for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in US cents, published under the heading “Mont Belvieu Spot Gas 
Liquids Prices:  Non-TET Propane:  Any Current Month” in the issue of OPIS that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Average 
d) Pricing calendar  
OPIS 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
53 
19.D.51 PROPANE, OPIS MT. BELVIEU NON-TET BALMO FUTURE  
Product Name  
Propane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Non-TET Balmo Future 
Contract Description  
A balance of the month cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices 
published by OPIS for the location specified in Final Settlement Price below. 
Contract Symbol 
PRO 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 barrels 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One thousandth of one cent ($0.00001) per gallon; 
The conversion factor for this contract is 42 gallons = 1 barrel. 
Contract Series 
Up to 2 months of balance-of-month contract months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of NGL-MONT BELVIEU PROPANE (NON-TET)-OPIS prices 
a) Description  
“NGL-MONT BELVIEU PROPANE (NON-TET)-OPIS” means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per gallon of propane for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in US cents, published under the heading “Mont Belvieu Spot Gas 
Liquids Prices:  Non-TET Propane:  Any Current Month” in the issue of OPIS that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Average 
d) Pricing calendar  
OPIS 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
54 
19.D.52 PROPANE, OPIS MT. BELVIEU OTHER NON-TET FUTURE 
Product Name  
Propane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Other Non-TET Future 
Contract Description  
A monthly cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices published by 
OPIS for the location specified in Final Settlement Price below. 
Contract Symbol 
PBO 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 barrels 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One thousandth of one cent ($0.00001) per gallon.  
The conversion factor for this contract is 42 gallons = 1 barrel. 
Contract Series 
Up to 72 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of NGL-MONT BELVIEU PROPANE (Other NON-TET)-OPIS prices 
a) Description  
“NGL-MONT BELVIEU PROPANE (Other NON-TET)-OPIS” means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per gallon of propane for delivery 
on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. cents, published under the heading “Mont Belvieu 
Spot Gas Liquids Prices:  Other Non-TET Propane:  Any Current Month” in the issue 
of OPIS that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Average 
d) Pricing calendar  
OPIS 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
55 
19.D.53 PROPANE, OPIS MT. BELVIEU OTHER NON-TET BALMO FUTURE 
Contract Description  
A balance of the month cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices 
published by OPIS for the location specified in Final Settlement Price below. 
Contract Symbol 
PBP 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 barrels 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One thousandth of one cent ($0.00001) per gallon.  
The conversion factor for this contract is 42 gallons = 1 barrel 
Contract Series 
Up to 2 months of balance-of-month contract periods, or as otherwise determined by 
the Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of NGL-MONT BELVIEU PROPANE (Other NON-TET)-OPIS prices 
a) Description  
“NGL-MONT BELVIEU PROPANE (Other NON-TET)-OPIS” means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per gallon of propane for delivery 
on the Delivery Date, stated in US cents, published under the heading “Mont Belvieu 
Spot Gas Liquids Prices:  Other Non-TET Propane:  Any Current Month” in the issue 
of OPIS that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Price 
d) Pricing calendar  
OPIS 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
56 
19.D.54 PROPANE, OPIS MT. BELVIEU TET FUTURE 
Product Name  
Propane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu TET Future 
Contract Description  
A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the average of the daily 
prices published by OPIS for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol 
PRL 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 barrels 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One thousandth of one cent ($0.00001) per gallon; 
The conversion factor for this contract is 42 gallons = 1 barrel. 
Contract Series 
Up to 72 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
The last Business Day of the Contract Period 
Final Settlement Price 
Average of Reference Price A prices 
a) Description  
"NGL-MONT BELVIEU PROPANE (TET)-OPIS" means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day's Specified Price per gallon of propane for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. cents, published under the heading "Mont Belvieu Spot 
Gas Liquids Prices: TET Propane: Any Current Month" in the issue of OPIS that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Average 
d) Pricing calendar  
OPIS 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract Period 
Final Payment Date  
The second Clearing Organization business day following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 


 
57 
19.D.55 PROPANE, OPIS MT. BELVIEU TET BALMO FUTURE 
Product Name  
Propane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu TET Balmo Future 
Contract Description  
A balance of the month cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices 
published by OPIS for the location specified in Final Settlement Price below. 
Contract Symbol 
PRM 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 barrels 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One thousandth of one cent ($0.00001) per gallon; 
The conversion factor for this contract is 42 gallons = 1 barrel. 
Contract Series 
Up to 2 months of balance-of-month contract months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of NGL-MONT BELVIEU PROPANE (TET)-OPIS prices 
a) Description  
“NGL-MONT BELVIEU PROPANE (TET)-OPIS” means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day’s Specified Price per gallon of propane for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in US cents, published under the heading “Mont Belvieu Spot Gas 
Liquids Prices:  TET Propane:  Any Current Month” in the issue of OPIS that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Average 
d) Pricing calendar  
OPIS 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
58 
19.D.56 PROPANE, OPIS MT. BELVIEU TET MINI FUTURE 
Product Name  
Propane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu TET Mini Future 
Contract Description  
A monthly cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices published by 
OPIS for the location specified in below. 
Contract Symbol 
PLM 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
100 barrels 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One thousandth of one cent ($0.00001) per gallon; 
The conversion factor for this contract is 42 gallons = 1 barrel. 
Contract Series 
Up to 72 consecutive monthly contract months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of NGL-MONT BELVIEU PROPANE (TET)-OPIS prices 
a) Description  
“NGL-MONT BELVIEU PROPANE (TET)-OPIS” means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day’s Specified Price per gallon of propane for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in US cents, published under the heading “Mont Belvieu Spot Gas 
Liquids Prices:  TET Propane:  Any Current Month” in the issue of OPIS that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Average 
d) Pricing calendar  
OPIS 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
59 
19.D.57 PROPANE, OPIS MT. BELVIEU TET VS PROPANE, ARGUS FAR EAST INDEX (AFEI) 
FUTURE 
Product Name  
Propane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu TET vs Propane, Argus Far East Index (AFEI) Future 
Contract Description  
A monthly cash settled future based upon the mathematical result of subtracting the 
average of the daily prices published by Argus International LPG for the location 
specified in Reference Price B from the average of the daily prices published by OPIS 
for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
For purposes of determining the Final Settlement Price, the OPIS price will be 
converted each day to US Dollars and cents per metric tonne, rounded to the nearest 
cent.  The conversion factor will be 521 gallons per metric tonne. 
Contract Symbol 
CEY 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 metric tonnes 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
Contract Series 
Up to 72 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of the Reference Price A prices minus the average of the Reference Price B 
prices.  Non-common pricing applies. 
Reference Price A 
NGL-MONT BELVIEU PROPANE (TET)-OPIS 
a) Description  
“NGL-MONT BELVIEU PROPANE (TET)-OPIS” means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day’s Specified Price per gallon of propane for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. cents, published under the heading “Mont Belvieu Spot 
Gas Liquids Prices:  TET Propane:  Any Current Month” in the issue of OPIS that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Average 
d) Pricing calendar  
OPIS 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Reference Price B 
NGL-PROPANE (FAR EAST INDEX)-ARGUS INTERNATIONAL LPG 
a) Description  
“NGL-PROPANE (FAR EAST INDEX)-ARGUS INTERNATIONAL LPG” means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per tonne of propane, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Asia-Pacific:  Refrigerated cargoes:  
Argus Far East Index™ (AFEI™):  Propane” in the issue of Argus International LPG 
that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 


 
60 
Product Name  
Propane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu TET vs Propane, Argus Far East Index (AFEI) Future 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Price 
d) Pricing calendar  
Argus International LPG 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
61 
19.D.58  PROPANE, OPIS MT. BELVIEU NON-TET VS PROPANE, ARGUS FAR EAST INDEX (AFEI) 
FUTURE 
Product Name  
Propane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Non-TET vs Propane, Argus Far East Index (AFEI) 
Future 
Contract Description  
A monthly cash settled future based upon the mathematical result of subtracting the 
average of the daily prices published by Argus International LPG for the location 
specified in Reference Price B from the average of the daily prices published by OPIS 
for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
For purposes of determining the Final Settlement Price, the OPIS price will be 
converted each day to US Dollars and cents per metric tonne, rounded to the nearest 
cent.  The conversion factor will be 521 gallons per metric tonne. 
Contract Symbol 
CEZ 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 metric tonnes 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
Contract Series 
Up to 72 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of the Reference Price A prices minus the average of the Reference Price B 
prices. Non-common pricing applies. 
Reference Price A 
NGL-MONT BELVIEU PROPANE (NON-TET)-OPIS 
a) Description  
“NGL-MONT BELVIEU PROPANE (NON-TET)-OPIS” means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per gallon of propane for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. cents, published under the heading “Mont Belvieu Spot 
Gas Liquids Prices:  Non-TET Propane:  Any Current Month” in the issue of OPIS that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Average 
d) Pricing calendar  
OPIS 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Reference Price B 
NGL-PROPANE (FAR EAST INDEX)-ARGUS INTERNATIONAL LPG 
a) Description  
“NGL-PROPANE (FAR EAST INDEX)-ARGUS INTERNATIONAL LPG” means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per tonne of propane, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Asia-Pacific:  Refrigerated cargoes:  
Argus Far East Index™ (AFEI™):  Propane” in the issue of Argus International LPG 


 
62 
Product Name  
Propane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Non-TET vs Propane, Argus Far East Index (AFEI) 
Future 
that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Price 
d) Pricing calendar  
Argus International LPG 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
63 
19.D.59 PROPANE, OPIS MT. BELVIEU TET VS PROPANE, ARGUS CIF ARA FUTURE 
Product Name  
Propane, OPIS MT. Belvieu Tet vs Propane, Argus CIF ARA Future  
Contract Description  
A monthly cash settled future based upon the mathematical result of subtracting the 
average of the daily prices published by Argus International LPG for the location 
specified in Reference Price B from the average of the daily prices published by OPIS 
for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
For purposes of determining the Final Settlement Price, the OPIS price will be 
converted each day to US dollars and cents per metric tonne, rounded to the nearest 
cent.  The conversion factor will be 521 gallons per metric tonne. 
Contract Symbol 
CEK 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 metric tonnes 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
Contract Series 
Up to 72 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of the Reference Price A prices minus the average of the Reference Price 
B prices. Non-common pricing applies. 
Reference Price A 
NGL-MONT BELVIEU PROPANE (TET)-OPIS 
a) Description  
“NGL-MONT BELVIEU PROPANE (TET)-OPIS” means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day’s Specified Price per gallon of propane for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in US cents, published under the heading “Mont Belvieu Spot 
Gas Liquids Prices:  TET Propane:  Any Current Month” in the issue of OPIS that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Price 
d) Pricing calendar  
OPIS 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Reference Price B 
NGL-PROPANE (EUROPE:  CIF ARA LARGE CARGOES)-ARGUS 
INTERNATIONAL LPG 
a) Description  
“NGL-PROPANE (EUROPE:  CIF ARA LARGE CARGOES)-ARGUS 
INTERNATIONAL LPG” means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day’s 
Specified Price per tonne of propane for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in US 
Dollars, published under the heading “Northwest Europe and Mediterranean:  cif ARA 
(large cargoes):  Propane” in the issue of Argus International LPG that reports prices 


 
64 
Product Name  
Propane, OPIS MT. Belvieu Tet vs Propane, Argus CIF ARA Future  
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Price 
d) Pricing calendar  
Argus International LPG 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
65 
19.D.60 PROPANE, OPIS MT. BELVIEU NON-TET VS PROPANE, ARGUS CIF ARA FUTURE 
Product Name  
Propane, OPIS MT. Belvieu Tet vs Propane, Argus CIF ARA Future  
Contract Description  
A monthly cash settled future based upon the mathematical result of subtracting the 
average of the daily prices published by Argus International LPG for the location 
specified in Reference Price B from the average of the daily prices published by OPIS 
for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
For purposes of determining the Final Settlement Price, the OPIS price will be 
converted each day to US dollars and cents per metric tonne, rounded to the nearest 
cent.  The conversion factor will be 521 gallons per metric tonne. 
Contract Symbol 
CEJ 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 metric tonnes 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
Contract Series 
Up to 72 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of the Reference Price A prices minus the average of the Reference Price 
B prices. Non-common pricing applies. 
Reference Price A 
NGL-MONT BELVIEU PROPANE (TET)-OPIS 
a) Description  
“NGL-MONT BELVIEU PROPANE (TET)-OPIS” means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day’s Specified Price per gallon of propane for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in US cents, published under the heading “Mont Belvieu Spot 
Gas Liquids Prices:  TET Propane:  Any Current Month” in the issue of OPIS that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Price 
d) Pricing calendar  
OPIS 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Reference Price B 
NGL-PROPANE (EUROPE:  CIF ARA LARGE CARGOES)-ARGUS 
INTERNATIONAL LPG 
a) Description  
“NGL-PROPANE (EUROPE:  CIF ARA LARGE CARGOES)-ARGUS 
INTERNATIONAL LPG” means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day’s 
Specified Price per tonne of propane for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in US 
Dollars, published under the heading “Northwest Europe and Mediterranean:  cif ARA 
(large cargoes):  Propane” in the issue of Argus International LPG that reports prices 


 
66 
Product Name  
Propane, OPIS MT. Belvieu Tet vs Propane, Argus CIF ARA Future  
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Price 
d) Pricing calendar  
Argus International LPG 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
67 
19.D.61 NATURAL GASOLINE, OPIS MT. BELVIEU NON-TET VS WTI 1ST LINE FUTURE 
Product Name  
Natural Gasoline, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Non-TET vs WTI 1st Line Future 
Contract Description  
A monthly cash settled future based upon the mathematical result of subtracting the 
average of the daily prices published by NYMEX for the location specified in Reference 
Price B below from the average of the daily prices published by OPIS for the location 
specified in Reference Price A below. 
Contract Symbol 
NGW 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 barrels 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel; 
The conversion factor for this contract is 42 gallons = 1 barrel. 
Contract Series  
Up to 72 consecutive monthly contract months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of the Reference Price A prices minus the average of the Reference Price B 
prices 
Reference Price A 
NGL-MONT BELVIEU N. GASOLINE (NON-TET)-OPIS 
a) Description  
“NGL-MONT BELVIEU N. GASOLINE (NON-TET)-OPIS” means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per gallon of natural gasoline for delivery 
on the Delivery Date, stated in US cents, published under the heading “Mont Belvieu 
Spot Gas Liquids Prices:  Non-TET N. Gasoline:  Any Current Month” in the issue of 
OPIS that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Average 
d) Pricing calendar  
OPIS 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Reference Price B 
OIL-WTI-NYMEX 
a) Description  
“OIL-WTI-NYMEX” means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day’s 
Specified Price per barrel of the NYMEX Light Sweet Crude Oil Futures for the 
Delivery Date, stated in US Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that Pricing 
Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each trading day of the NYMEX Light Sweet Crude Oil Futures Contract during the 
Contract month 


 
68 
Product Name  
Natural Gasoline, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Non-TET vs WTI 1st Line Future 
c) Specified Price  
Settlement price 
d) Pricing calendar  
NYMEX 
e) Delivery Date  
First Nearby Month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
69 
19.D.62 [RESERVED] 
19.D.63 NGL BASKET, OPIS MT. BELVIEU NON-TET FUTURE 
Product Name  
NGL Basket, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Non-TET Future 
Contract Description  
A monthly cash settled future based upon the barrel components average of the daily 
prices published by OPIS for the locations specified in Final Settlement Price below.  
Contract Symbol 
NGB 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 barrels 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price 
Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price 
Quotation  
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
The conversion factor for this contract is 42 gallons = 1 barrel 
Contract Series 
Up to 72 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of 42% NGL-MONT BELVIEU Ethane (NON-TET)-OPIS; 28% NGL-
MONT BELVIEU  Propane (NON-TET)-OPIS; 11% NGL-MONT BELVIEU 
Normal Butane (NON-TET)-OPIS; 6% NGL MONT BELVIEU Isobutane (NON-
TET)-OPIS; 13% MONT BELVIEU Natural Gasoline (NON-TET)-OPIS prices 
a) Description  
“42% NGL-MONT BELVIEU Ethane (NON-TET )-OPIS; 28% NGL-MONT 
BELVIEU Propane (NON-TET)-OPIS; 11% NGL-MONT BELVIEU Normal Butane 
(NON-TET)-OPIS; 6% NGL MONT BELVIEU Isobutane (NON-TET)-OPIS; 13% 
MONT BELVIEU Natural Gasoline (NON-TET)-OPIS” means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per gallon of each listed component 
multiplied by the percentage of the barrel for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
US cents, published under the heading “Mont Belvieu Spot Gas Liquids Prices:  Non-
TET Ethane/Propane/Normal Butane/Isobutane/Natural Gasoline:  Any Current 
Month” in the issue of OPIS that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date.   
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Price 
d) Pricing calendar  
OPIS 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 


 
70 
Product Name  
NGL Basket, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Non-TET Future 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 
 


 
71 
19.D.64 PROPANE, ARGUS CIF ARA VS NAPHTHA CIF NWE CARGOES (PLATTS) FUTURE 
Product Name  
Propane, Argus CIF ARA vs Naphtha CIF NWE Cargoes (Platts) Future 
Contract Description  
A monthly cash settled future based upon the mathematical result of subtracting the 
average of the daily prices published by Platts European Marketscan for the location 
specified in Reference Price B from the average of the daily prices published by Argus 
International LPG for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol 
APN 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 metric tonnes 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne. 
Contract Series  
Up to 72 consecutive monthly contract months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of the Reference Price A prices minus the average of the Reference Price B 
prices. Non-common pricing applies. 
Reference Price A 
NGL-PROPANE (EUROPE:  CIF ARA LARGE CARGOES)-ARGUS 
INTERNATIONAL LPG 
a) Description  
“NGL-PROPANE (EUROPE:  CIF ARA LARGE CARGOES)-ARGUS 
INTERNATIONAL LPG” means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day’s 
Specified Price per tonne of propane for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in US 
Dollars, published under the heading “Northwest Europe and Mediterranean:  cif ARA 
(large cargoes):  Propane” in the issue of Argus International LPG that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Price 
d) Pricing calendar  
Argus International LPG 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Reference Price B 
NAPHTHA-PHYSICAL-CARGOES CIF NWE/BASIS ARA-PLATTS EUROPEAN 
MARKETSCAN 
a) Description  
“NAPHTHA-PHYSICAL-CARGOES CIF NWE/BASIS ARA-PLATTS EUROPEAN 
MARKETSCAN” means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified 
Price per metric tonne of naphtha, stated in US Dollars, published under the heading 
“Northwest Europe cargoes:  CIF NWE/Basis ARA:  Naphtha” in the issue of Platts 
European Marketscan that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 


 
72 
Product Name  
Propane, Argus CIF ARA vs Naphtha CIF NWE Cargoes (Platts) Future 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Price 
d) Pricing calendar  
Platts European Marketscan 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 


 
73 
19.D.65 PROPANE, ARGUS CIF ARA VS NAPHTHA CIF NWE CARGOES (PLATTS) BALMO FUTURE 
Product Name  
Propane, Argus CIF ARA vs Naphtha CIF NWE Cargoes (Platts) Balmo Future 
Contract Description  
A balance of the month cash settled future based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the average of the daily prices published by Platts European Marketscan for 
the location specified in Reference Price B from the average of the daily prices 
published by Argus International LPG for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol 
ABG 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 metric tonnes 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
Contract Series 
Up to 2 months of balance-of-month contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of the Reference Price A prices minus the average of the Reference Price B 
prices. Non-common pricing applies. 
Reference Price A 
NGL-PROPANE (EUROPE:  CIF ARA LARGE CARGOES)-ARGUS 
INTERNATIONAL LPG 
a) Description  
“NGL-PROPANE (EUROPE:  CIF ARA LARGE CARGOES)-ARGUS 
INTERNATIONAL LPG” means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day’s 
Specified Price per tonne of propane for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published under the heading “Europe:  cif ARA (large cargoes):  Propane” in 
the issue of Argus International LPG that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Price 
d) Pricing calendar  
Argus International LPG 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Reference Price B 
NAPHTHA-PHYSICAL-CARGOES CIF NWE/BASIS ARA-PLATTS EUROPEAN 
MARKETSCAN 
a) Description  
“NAPHTHA-PHYSICAL-CARGOES CIF NWE/BASIS ARA-PLATTS EUROPEAN 
MARKETSCAN” means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified 
Price per metric tonne of naphtha, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading 
“Northwest European cargoes:  CIF NWE/Basis ARA:  Naphtha” in the issue of Platts 
European Marketscan that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 


 
74 
Product Name  
Propane, Argus CIF ARA vs Naphtha CIF NWE Cargoes (Platts) Balmo Future 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Price 
d) Pricing calendar  
Platts European Marketscan 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
75 
19.D.66 PROPANE, ARGUS FAR EAST INDEX (AFEI) VS NAPHTHA C+F JAPAN CARGOES (PLATTS) 
FUTURE 
Product Name  
Propane, Argus Far East Index (AFEI) vs Naphtha C+F Japan Cargoes (Platts) 
Future 
Contract Description 
A monthly cash settled future based upon the mathematical result of subtracting the 
average of the daily prices published by Platts Asia-Pacific/Arab Gulf Marketscan for 
the location specified in Reference Price B from the average of the daily prices 
published by Argus International LPG for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol 
ARR 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 metric tonnes 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
Contract Series 
Up to 72 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of the Reference Price A prices minus the average of the Reference Price B 
prices. Non-common pricing applies. 
Reference Price A 
NGL-PROPANE (FAR EAST INDEX)-ARGUS INTERNATIONAL LPG 
a) Description  
“NGL-PROPANE (FAR EAST INDEX)-ARGUS INTERNATIONAL LPG” means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per tonne of propane, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading “Asia-Pacific:  Refrigerated cargoes:  
Argus Far East Index™ (AFEI™):  Propane” in the issue of Argus International LPG 
that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Price 
d) Pricing calendar  
Argus International LPG 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Reference Price B 
NAPHTHA-PHYSICAL-OIL ASSESSMENTS C+F JAPAN-PLATTS ASIA-
PACIFIC/ARAB GULF MARKETSCAN 
a) Description  
“NAPHTHA-PHYSICAL-OIL ASSESSMENTS C+F JAPAN-PLATTS ASIA-
PACIFIC/ARAB GULF MARKETSCAN” means that the price for a Pricing Date will 
be that day’s Specified Price per metric tonne of naphtha, stated in U.S. Dollars, 
published under the heading “Japan physical oil assessments:  C+F Japan ($/mt):  
Naphtha” in the issue of Platts Asia-Pacific/Arab Gulf Marketscan that reports prices 


 
76 
Product Name  
Propane, Argus Far East Index (AFEI) vs Naphtha C+F Japan Cargoes (Platts) 
Future 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Price 
d) Pricing calendar  
Platts Asia-Pacific/Arab Gulf Marketscan 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
77 
19.D.67 PROPANE, ARGUS FAR EAST INDEX VS NAPHTHA C+F JAPAN (PLATTS) BALMO FUTURE 
Product Name  
Propane, Argus Far East Index vs Naphtha C+F Japan (Platts) Balmo Future 
Contract Description  
A balance of the month cash settled future based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the average of the daily prices published by Platts Asia-Pacific/Arab Gulf 
Marketscan for the location specified in Reference Price B from the average of the daily 
prices published by Argus International LPG for the location specified in Reference 
Price A. 
Contract Symbol 
ABK 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 metric tonnes 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
Contract Series 
Up to 2 months of balance-of-month contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of the Reference Price A prices minus the average of the Reference Price B 
prices. Non-common pricing applies. 
Reference Price A 
NGL-PROPANE (FAR EAST INDEX)-ARGUS INTERNATIONAL LPG 
a) Description  
"NGL-PROPANE (FAR EAST INDEX)-ARGUS INTERNATIONAL LPG " means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per tonne of propane, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Asia-Pacific: Refrigerated cargoes: 
Argus Far East Index™ (AFEI™): Propane" in the issue of Argus International LPG 
that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Price 
d) Pricing calendar  
Argus International LPG 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Reference Price B 
NAPHTHA-PHYSICAL-OIL ASSESSMENTS C+F JAPAN-PLATTS ASIA-
PACIFIC/ARAB GULF MARKETSCAN 
a) Description  
"NAPHTHA-PHYSICAL-OIL ASSESSMENTS C+F JAPAN-PLATTS ASIA-
PACIFIC/ARAB GULF MARKETSCAN" means that the price for a Pricing Date will 
be that day's Specified Price per metric tonne of naphtha, stated in U.S. Dollars, 
published under the heading " Japan physical oil assessments: C+F Japan ($/mt): 
Naphtha" in the issue of Platts Asia-Pacific/Arab Gulf Marketscan that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 


 
78 
Product Name  
Propane, Argus Far East Index vs Naphtha C+F Japan (Platts) Balmo Future 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Price 
d) Pricing calendar  
Platts Asia-Pacific/Arab Gulf Marketscan 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
79 
19.D.68 PROPANE, ARGUS FAR EAST INDEX (AFEI) VS PROPANE, ARGUS CIF ARA FUTURE 
Product Name  
Propane, Argus Far East Index (AFEI) vs. Propane, Argus CIF ARA Future 
Contract Description  
A monthly cash settled future based upon the mathematical result of subtracting the 
average of the daily prices published by Argus International LPG for the location 
specified in Reference Price B from the average of the daily prices published by Argus 
International LPG for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol 
EGD 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 metric tonnes 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne. 
Contract Series  
Up to 72 consecutive monthly contract months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement  Price 
The average of the Reference Price A prices minus the average of the Reference Price B 
prices. Non-common pricing applies. 
Reference Price A 
NGL-PROPANE (FAR EAST INDEX)-ARGUS INTERNATIONAL LPG 
a) Description  
“NGL-PROPANE (FAR EAST INDEX)-ARGUS INTERNATIONAL LPG” means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per tonne of propane, 
stated in US Dollars, published under the heading “Asia-Pacific:  Argus Far East Index 
™ (AFEI ™):  Propane” in the issue of Argus International LPG that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date.  
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Price 
d) Pricing calendar  
Argus International LPG 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Reference Price B 
NGL-PROPANE (EUROPE:  CIF ARA LARGE CARGOES)-ARGUS 
INTERNATIONAL LPG 
a) Description  
“NGL-PROPANE (EUROPE:  CIF ARA LARGE CARGOES)-ARGUS 
INTERNATIONAL LPG” means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day’s 
Specified Price per tonne of propane for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in US 
Dollars, published under the heading “Northwest Europe and Mediterranean:  cif ARA 
(large cargoes):  Propane” in the issue of Argus International LPG that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 


 
80 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Price 
d) Pricing calendar  
Argus International LPG 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
81 
19.D.69 PROPANE, ARGUS FAR EAST INDEX (AFEI) VS PROPANE, ARGUS CIF ARA BALMO 
FUTURE 
Product Name  
Propane, Argus Far East Index (AFEI) vs Propane, Argus CIF ARA Balmo Future 
Contract Description  
A balance of the month cash settled future based upon the mathematical result of 
subtracting the average of the daily prices published by Argus International LPG for the 
location specified in Reference Price B from the average of the daily prices published 
by Argus International LPG for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
Contract Symbol 
EGE 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
Contract Size  
1,000 metric tonnes 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne. 
Contract Series  
Up to 2 months of balance-of-month contract months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Final Settlement Price 
The average of the Reference Price A prices minus the average of the Reference Price B 
prices. Non-common pricing applies. 
Reference Price A 
NGL-PROPANE (FAR EAST INDEX)-ARGUS INTERNATIONAL LPG 
a) Description  
“NGL-PROPANE (FAR EAST INDEX)-ARGUS INTERNATIONAL LPG” means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per tonne of propane, 
stated in US Dollars, published under the heading “Asia-Pacific:  Argus Far East Index 
™ (AFEI ™):  Propane” in the issue of Argus International LPG that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date.  
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Price 
d) Pricing calendar  
Argus International LPG 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Reference Price B  
NGL-PROPANE (EUROPE:  CIF ARA LARGE CARGOES)-ARGUS 
INTERNATIONAL LPG 
a) Description  
“NGL-PROPANE (EUROPE:  CIF ARA LARGE CARGOES)-ARGUS 
INTERNATIONAL LPG” means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day’s 
Specified Price per tonne of propane for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in US 
Dollars, published under the heading “Northwest Europe and Mediterranean:  cif ARA 
(large cargoes):  Propane” in the issue of Argus International LPG that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 


 
82 
Product Name  
Propane, Argus Far East Index (AFEI) vs Propane, Argus CIF ARA Balmo Future 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Price 
d) Pricing calendar  
Argus International LPG 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
83 
 
19.D.70 ETHANE, OPIS MT. BELVIEU NON-TET AVERAGE PRICE OPTION 
Product Name  
Ethane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Non-TET Average Price Option 
 
Contract Description   
A monthly Average Price Option on the corresponding contract month of the Ethane, 
OPIS Mt. Belvieu Non-TET Future. 
Contract Symbol 
ETE 
Settlement Method  
Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size  
1,000 barrels 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One thousandth of one cent ($0.00001) per gallon;  
The conversion factor for this contract is 42 gallons = 1 barrel. 
Contract Series  
Up to 72 consecutive monthly contract months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Option Style  
Average Price 
Exercise Method  
Automatic only 
Exercise Procedure  
Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted 
Exercise Day  
The second Clearing House Business Day following the Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise 
Provisions  
Options which are “in the money”, with respect to the average of the Reference Price 
prices, exercise automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price 
equal to the Strike Price.   
Options which are “out of the money” expire automatically. 
Reference Price 
NGL-MONT BELVIEU PURITY ETHANE-OPIS 
a) Description  
“NGL-MONT BELVIEU PURITY ETHANE-OPIS” means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day’s Specified Price per gallon of ethane for delivery on the Delivery 
Date, stated in US cents, published under the heading “Mont Belvieu Spot Gas Liquids 
Prices:  Purity Ethane:  Any Current Month” in the issue of OPIS that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Average 
d) Pricing calendar  
OPIS 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 


 
84 
Product Name  
Ethane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Non-TET Average Price Option 
 
Strike Pricing Listing 
Provisions  
A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $0.10000 per gallon above and below 
the at-the-money Strike Price.  Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures 
price movements.  User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.00001 increments. 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
85 
19.D.71 NATURAL GASOLINE, OPIS MT. BELVIEU NON-TET AVERAGE PRICE OPTION 
Product Name  
Natural Gasoline, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Non-TET Average Price Option 
Contract Description   
A monthly Average Price Option on the corresponding contract month of the Natural 
Gasoline, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Non-TET Future. 
Contract Symbol 
NGE 
Settlement Method  
Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size  
1,000 barrels 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One thousandth of one cent ($0.00001) per gallon; 
The conversion factor for this contract is 42 gallons = 1 barrel. 
Contract Series  
Up to 72 consecutive monthly contract months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Option Style  
Average Price 
Exercise Method  
Automatic only 
Exercise Procedure  
Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted 
Exercise Day  
The second Clearing House Business Day following the Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise 
Provisions  
Options which are “in the money”, with respect to the average of the Reference Price 
prices, exercise automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price 
equal to the Strike Price.   
Options which are “out of the money” expire automatically. 
Reference Price 
NGL-MONT BELVIEU N. GASOLINE (NON-TET)-OPIS 
a) Description  
“NGL-MONT BELVIEU N. GASOLINE (NON-TET)-OPIS” means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per gallon of natural gasoline for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in US cents, published under the heading “Mont 
Belvieu Spot Gas Liquids Prices:  Non-TET N. Gasoline:  Any Current Month” in the 
issue of OPIS that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Average 
d) Pricing calendar  
OPIS 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 


 
86 
Strike Pricing Listing 
Provisions  
A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $0.10000 per gallon above and below 
the at-the-money Strike Price.  Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures 
price movements.  User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.00001 increments.     
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
87 
19.D.72 NORMAL BUTANE, OPIS MT. BELVIEU NON-TET AVERAGE PRICE OPTION 
Product Name  
Normal Butane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Non-TET Average Price Option 
Contract Description   
A monthly Average Price Option on the corresponding contract month of the Normal 
Butane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu Non-TET Future. 
Contract Symbol 
NBI 
Settlement Method  
Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size  
1,000 barrels 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One thousandth of one cent ($0.00001) per gallon; 
The conversion factor for this contract is 42 gallons = 1 barrel. 
Contract Series  
Up to 72 consecutive monthly contract months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Option Style  
Average Price 
Exercise Method  
Automatic only 
Exercise Procedure  
Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted 
Exercise Day  
The second Clearing House Business Day following the Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise 
Provisions  
Options which are “in the money”, with respect to the average of the Reference Price 
prices, exercise automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price 
equal to the Strike Price.   
Options which are “out of the money” expire automatically. 
Reference Price 
NGL-MONT BELVIEU N. BUTANE (NON-TET)-OPIS 
a) Description  
“NGL-MONT BELVIEU N. BUTANE (NON-TET)-OPIS” means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per gallon of normal butane for delivery 
on the Delivery Date, stated in US cents, published under the heading “Mont Belvieu 
Spot Gas Liquids Prices:  Non-TET N. Butane:  Any Current Month” in the issue of 
OPIS that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Average 
d) Pricing calendar  
OPIS 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
Strike Pricing Listing 
A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $0.10000 per gallon above and below 
the at-the-money Strike Price.  Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures 


 
88 
Provisions  
price movements.  User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.00001 increments.     
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 


 
89 
19.D.73 PROPANE, OPIS CONWAY IN-WELL AVERAGE PRICE OPTION 
Product Name  
Propane, OPIS Conway In-Well Average Price Option 
Contract Description   
A monthly Average Price Option on the corresponding contract month of the Propane, 
OPIS Conway In-Well Future. 
Contract Symbol 
PRC 
Settlement Method  
Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size  
1,000 barrels 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One thousandth of one cent ($0.00001) per gallon; 
The conversion factor for this contract is 42 gallons = 1 barrel. 
Contract Series  
Up to 72 consecutive monthly contract months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Option Style  
Average Price 
Exercise Method  
Automatic only 
Exercise Procedure  
Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted 
Exercise Day  
The second Clearing House Business Day following the Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise 
Provisions  
Options which are “in the money”, with respect to the average of the Reference Price 
prices, exercise automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price 
equal to the Strike Price.   
Options which are “out of the money” expire automatically. 
Reference Price 
NGL-CONWAY PROPANE (IN-WELL)-OPIS 
a) Description  
“NGL-CONWAY PROPANE (IN-WELL)-OPIS” means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day’s Specified Price per gallon of propane for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in US cents, published under the heading “Conway In-Well Spot 
Gas Liquids Prices:  Propane:  Any Current Month” in the issue of OPIS that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Average 
d) Pricing calendar  
OPIS 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 


 
90 
Strike Pricing Listing 
Provisions  
A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $0.10000 per gallon above and below 
the at-the-money Strike Price.  Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures 
price movements.  User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.00001 increments.     
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
91 
19.D.74 PROPANE, OPIS MT. BELVIEU TET AVERAGE PRICE OPTION 
Product Name  
Propane, OPIS Mt. Belvieu TET Average Price Option 
Contract Description   
A monthly Average Price Option on the corresponding contract month of the Propane, 
OPIS Mt. Belvieu TET Future. 
Contract Symbol 
PRL 
Settlement Method  
Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size  
1,000 barrels 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One thousandth of one cent ($0.00001) per gallon; 
The conversion factor for this contract is 42 gallons = 1 barrel. 
Contract Series  
Up to 72 consecutive monthly contract months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Option Style  
Average Price 
Exercise Method  
Automatic only 
Exercise Procedure  
Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted 
Exercise Day  
The second Clearing House Business Day following the Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise 
Provisions  
Options which are “in the money”, with respect to the average of the Reference Price 
prices, exercise automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price 
equal to the Strike Price.   
Options which are “out of the money” expire automatically. 
Reference Price  
NGL-MONT BELVIEU PROPANE (TET)-OPIS 
a) Description  
“NGL-MONT BELVIEU PROPANE (TET)-OPIS” means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day’s Specified Price per gallon of propane for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in US cents, published under the heading “Mont Belvieu Spot Gas 
Liquids Prices:  TET Propane:  Any Current Month” in the issue of OPIS that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Average 
d) Pricing calendar  
OPIS 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 


 
92 
Strike Pricing Listing 
Provisions  
A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $0.10000 per gallon above and below 
the at-the-money Strike Price.  Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures 
price movements.  User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.00001 increments.     
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
93 
19.D.75 ETHANE IN E/P MIX, OPIS CONWAY IN-WELL AVERAGE PRICE OPTION 
Product Name  
Ethane in E/P Mix, OPIS Conway In-Well Average Price Option 
Contract Description   
A monthly Average Price Option on the corresponding contract month of the Ethane in 
E/P Mix, OPIS Conway In-Well Future 
Contract Symbol 
ECC 
Settlement Method  
Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size  
1,000 barrels 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One thousandth of one cent ($0.00001) per gallon; 
The conversion factor for this contract is 42 gallons = 1 barrel. 
Contract Series  
Up to 72 consecutive monthly contract months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Option Style  
Average Price 
Exercise Method  
Automatic only 
Exercise Procedure  
Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted 
Exercise Day  
The second Clearing House Business Day following the Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise 
Provisions  
Options which are “in the money”, with respect to the average of the Reference Price 
prices, exercise automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price 
equal to the Strike Price.   
Options which are “out of the money” expire automatically 
Reference Price 
NGL-CONWAY ETHANE IN E-P (IN-WELL)-OPIS 
a) Description  
“NGL-CONWAY ETHANE IN E-P (IN-WELL)-OPIS” means that the price for a 
Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per gallon of ethane for delivery on the 
Delivery Date, stated in US cents, published under the heading “Conway In-Well Spot 
Gas Liquids Prices:  Ethane (in E-P):  Any Current Month “ in the issue of OPIS that 
reports prices effective on that Pricing Date 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Average 
d) Pricing calendar  
OPIS 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 


 
94 
Strike Pricing Listing 
Provisions  
A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $0.10 per gallon above and below the 
at-the-money Strike Price.  Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures 
price movements.  User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.0001 increments 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
95 
19.D.76  PROPANE, ARGUS CIF ARA AVERAGE PRICE OPTION 
Product Name  
Propane, Argus CIF ARA Average Price Option  
Contract Description  
A monthly Average Price Option on the corresponding contract month of the 
Propane, Argus CIF ARA Future 
Contract Symbol 
APC 
Settlement Method  
Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size  
1,000 metric tonnes 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
Contract Series 
Up to 72 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Option Style 
Average Price 
Exercise Method 
Automatic only 
Exercise Procedure 
Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted 
Exercise Day 
The second Clearing  House Business Day following the Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise 
Provisions 
 
Options which are “in the money”, with respect to the average of the Reference Price 
prices, exercise automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract 
price equal to the Strike Price.  
Options which are “out of the money” expire automatically. 
Reference Price 
NGL-PROPANE (EUROPE:  CIF ARA LARGE CARGOES)-ARGUS 
INTERNATIONAL LPG 
a) Description  
“NGL-PROPANE (EUROPE:  CIF ARA LARGE CARGOES)-ARGUS 
INTERNATIONAL LPG “ means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day’s 
Specified Price per tonne of propane for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in US 
Dollars, published under the heading “Northwest Europe and Mediterranean:  cif 
ARA (large cargoes):  Propane” in the issue of Argus International LPG that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date 
b) -Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price  
Price 
d) Pricing calendar  
Argus International LPG 
e) Delivery Date 
Contract month 


 
96 
Strike Pricing Listing 
Provisions 
 
A minimum of a ten Strike Prices in increments of $0.50 per metric tonne above and 
below the at-the-money Strike Price.  Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according 
to futures price movements.  User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.01 
increments. 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
97 
19.D.77 PROPANE, ARGUS FAR EAST INDEX (AFEI) AVERAGE PRICE OPTION 
Product Name  
Propane, Argus Far East Index (AFEI) Average Price Option 
Contract Description  
A monthly Average Price Option on the corresponding contract month of the Propane, 
Argus Far East Index (AFEI) Future. 
Contract Symbol 
AFE 
Settlement Method  
Exercise into Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Size  
1,000 metric tonnes 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne  
Contract Series 
Up to 72 consecutive monthly contract periods, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
Option Style 
Average Price 
Exercise Method 
Automatic only 
Exercise Procedure 
Manual exercise or abandon is not permitted 
Exercise Day 
The second Clearing House Business Day following the Last Trading Day 
Automatic Exercise 
Provisions 
Options which are “in the money”, with respect to the average of the Reference Price 
prices, exercise automatically into the Underlying Futures Contract with a contract price 
equal to the Strike Price.  Options which are “out of the money” expire automatically. 
Reference Price 
NGL-PROPANE (FAR EAST INDEX)-ARGUS INTERNATIONAL LPG 
a) Description  
“NGL-PROPANE (FAR EAST INDEX)-ARGUS INTERNATIONAL LPG” means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per tonne of propane, 
stated in US Dollars, published under the heading “Asia-Pacific:  Argus Far East 
Index™ (AFEI™):  Propane” in the issue of Argus International LPG that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c)  Specified Price  
Price 
d) Pricing calendar  
Argus International LPG 
e) Delivery Date 
Contract month 
Strike Pricing Listing 
Provisions 
 
A minimum of ten Strike Prices in increments of $0.50 per metric tonne above and 
below the at-the-money Strike Price.  Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to 
futures price movements.  User-defined Strike Prices are allowed in $0.01 increments. 


 
98 
Product Name  
Propane, Argus Far East Index (AFEI) Average Price Option 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19—see IFUS website 
 
19.D.78 RESERVED 
19.D.79 PROPANE - DAILY ARGUS FAR EAST FUTURE 
Description: A daily cash settled mini future based on the Argus daily assessment price for Propane Far East. 
Contract Symbol: AFD 
Contract Size: 100 metric tonnes 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 100 metric tonnes 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per metric tonne 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
Last Trading Day: Second Business Day after the nominal contract date 
Floating Price: In respect of daily settlement, the Floating Price for daily settlement will be determined by ICE 
using price data from a number of sources including spot, forward and derivative markets for both physical and 
financial products.  
Final Settlement Price: In respect of final settlement, the Floating Price will be a price in USD per Metric Tonne 
based on the average of the relevant high and low quotations appearing in the 'Argus International LPG Report' 
under the heading Asia-Pacific for Propane Argus Far East Index  
Contract Series: Up to 130 consecutive days, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
Business Days: Publication days for Argus International LPG Report 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
99 
19.D.80 BUTANE, ARGUS CIF ARA MINI BALMO FUTURE 
Description: A balance of the month cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices published by 
Argus International LPG for the location specified in Reference Price A 
Contract Symbol: BUK 
Contract Size: 100 metric tonnes 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 100 metric tonnes 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
Floating Price: In respect of daily settlement, the Floating Price will be determined by ICE using price data from a 
number of sources including spot, forward and derivative markets for both physical and financial products. 
Final Settlement Price: Average of Reference Price A prices 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NGL-BUTANE (EUROPE:CIF ARA LARGE CARGOES)-ARGUS 
INTERNATIONAL LPG 
a) 
Ref Price A - Description: “NGL-BUTANE (EUROPE: CIF ARA LARGE CARGOES)-ARGUS 
INTERNATIONAL LPG”  means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per tonne of 
butane for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in US Dollars, published under the heading “northwest Europe and 
Mediterranean: CIF ARA (large cargoes): Butane” in the issues of Argus International LPG that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date 
Contract Series: Up to 2 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days: Publication days for Argus International LPG 
MIC Code: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
100 
19.D.81 Propane, OPIS Edmonton Future 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the average of the daily 
prices published by OPIS for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
The conversion factor for this contract is 42 gallons = 1 barrel. 
Contract Symbol: EDO 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
Contract Size: 1000 barrels 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One thousandth of a cent 
($0.00001) per gallon; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 
1 to this Chapter 18.  
Listing Cycle: Up to 72 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
Final Settlement: Average of Reference Price A prices 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NGL-EDMONTON PROPANE-OPIS 
a) Description: "NGL-EDMONTON PROPANE-OPIS" means that the price for a Pricing Date will 
be that day's Specified Price per gallon of propane for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. cents, published under the heading "OPIS Edmonton Spot Gas Liquids Prices: Propane: Any 
Current Month" in the issue of OPIS that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price: Price 
 
d) Pricing calendar: OPIS 
 
e) Delivery Date: Contract month 
Final Payment Date: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
MIC: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 
 


 
101 
19.D.82 Normal Butane, OPIS LST ISOM Grade Future 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the average of the daily 
prices published by OPIS for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
The conversion factor for this contract is 42 gallons = 1 barrel. 
Contract Symbol: BUE 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
Contract Size: 1000 barrels 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One thousandth of a cent 
($0.00001) per gallon; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. Please see Table in Resolution 
1 to this Chapter 18.  
Listing Cycle: Up to 72 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
Final Settlement: Average of Reference Price A prices 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NGL-TET Isom N. Butane-OPIS 
a) Description: “NGL-TET Isom N. Butane-OPIS " means that the price for a Pricing Date will be 
that day's Specified Price per gallon of butane for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. 
cents, published under the heading "OPIS Mont Belvieu Spot Gas Liquids Prices: TET Isom N. 
Butane: Any Current Month" in the issue of OPIS that reports prices effective on that Pricing 
Date. 
b) Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price: Price 
d) Pricing calendar: OPIS 
e) Delivery Date: Contract month 
Final Payment Date: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
MIC: IFED 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 


 
102 
19.D.83 Propane, Argus CIF ARA, Mini Balmo Future 
 
Description: A balance of the month cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices 
published by Argus International LPG for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: AFA 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 100 metric tonnes 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 2 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement: Average of Reference Price A prices 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NGL-PROPANE (EUROPE: CIF ARA LARGE CARGOES)-ARGUS 
INTERNATIONAL LPG 
 
a) Description: "NGL-PROPANE (EUROPE: CIF ARA LARGE CARGOES)-ARGUS 
INTERNATIONAL LPG " means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified 
Price per tonne of propane, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Asia-Pacific: 
Refrigerated cargoes: Argus Far East Index™ (AFEI™): Propane" in the issue of Argus 
International LPG that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price: Price 
 
d) Pricing calendar: Argus International LPG 
 
e) Delivery Date: Contract month 
 
Final Payment Date: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
103 
19.D.84 Propane, Argus Far East Index (AFEI) Mini Balmo Future 
 
Description: A balance of the month cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices 
published by Argus International LPG for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: AFT 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 100 metric tonnes 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 2 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement: Average of Reference Price A prices 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NGL-PROPANE (FAR EAST INDEX)-ARGUS INTERNATIONAL 
LPG 
 
a) Description: "NGL-PROPANE (FAR EAST INDEX)-ARGUS INTERNATIONAL LPG " 
means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per tonne of propane, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Asia-Pacific: Refrigerated cargoes: Argus 
Far East Index™ (AFEI™): Propane" in the issue of Argus International LPG that reports prices 
effective on that Pricing Date. 
 
b) Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price: Price 
 
d) Pricing calendar: Argus International LPG 
 
e) Delivery Date: Contract month 
 
Final Payment Date: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
104 
19.D.85 Propane, Argus CIF ARA vs Brent 1st Line Future (in bbls) 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based upon the mathematical result of subtracting the average 
of daily prices published by ICE for the location specified in Reference Price B from the average of the 
daily prices published by Argus International LPG for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
For purposes of determining the Final Settlement Price, the Argus price will be converted each day to US 
dollars and cents per barrel, rounded to the nearest cent. The conversion factor will be 12.404762 barrels 
per metric tonne. 
 
Contract Symbol: PRQ 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 Barrels  
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 Barrels  
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents  
 
Trading Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per barrel 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per barrel 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per barrel 
 
The conversion factor for this contract is 1 metric ton = 12.404762 bbls 
 
Last Trading Day: Last trading day of the contract month 
 
Contract Series: Up to 72 consecutive calendar months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Reference Price A: NGL-PROPANE (EUROPE: CIF ARA LARGE CARGOES)-ARGUS 
INTERNATIONAL LPG 
 
a) Description: “NGL-PROPANE (EUROPE: CIF ARA LARGE CARGOES)-ARGUS 
INTERNATIONAL LPG” means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified 
Price per tonne of propane for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in US Dollars, published 
under the heading “Northwest Europe and Mediterranean: cif ARA (large cargoes): Propane” in 
the issue of Argus International LPG that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price: Price 
The conversion factor for this contract is 1 metric ton = 12.404762 bbls 
 
d) Pricing calendar: Argus International LPG 
e) Delivery Date: Contract month 


 
105 
Reference Price B: OIL-BRENT-ICE 
a) Description: “OIL-BRENT-ICE” means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day’s 
settlement price as made public by ICE for the front month Brent Crude Future for each Business 
Day in the determination period. 
b) Pricing Date: Each trading day of the ICE Brent Crude Future Contract during the Contract 
month 
Roll Adjust Provision: In order to use the correct Floating Price quotations, the nearby month quotation 
for ICE Brent Futures specified in the Floating Price terms above will be used except for the expiration 
date of the commodity's underlying delivery month's futures contract. On such date, the applicable pricing 
quotation will be rolled to the following month's futures contract. 
 
c) Specified Price: Settlement Price 
d) Pricing calendar: ICE 
e) Delivery Date: First Nearby Month  
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 
 


 
106 
19.D.86 Propane, Argus CIF ARA vs Brent 1st Line Future (in MTs) 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based upon the mathematical result of subtracting the average 
of daily prices published by ICE for the location specified in Reference Price B from the average of the 
daily prices published by Argus International LPG for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
For purposes of determining the Final Settlement Price, the Argus price will be converted each day to US 
dollars and cents per barrel, rounded to the nearest cent. The conversion factor will be 12.404762 barrels 
per metric tonne. 
 
Contract Symbol: PRR 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 Metric Tonnes (12,404.762 barrels)  
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 Metric Tonnes  
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents  
 
Trading Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per barrel 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per barrel 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per barrel 
 
The conversion factor for this contract is 1 metric ton = 12.404762 bbls 
 
Last Trading Day: Last trading day of the contract month 
 
Contract Series: Up to 72 consecutive calendar months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Reference Price A: NGL-PROPANE (EUROPE: CIF ARA LARGE CARGOES)-ARGUS 
INTERNATIONAL LPG 
 
a) Description: “NGL-PROPANE (EUROPE: CIF ARA LARGE CARGOES)-ARGUS 
INTERNATIONAL LPG” means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified 
Price per tonne of propane for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in US Dollars, published 
under the heading “Northwest Europe and Mediterranean: cif ARA (large cargoes): Propane” in 
the issue of Argus International LPG that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price: Price 
The conversion factor for this contract is 1 metric ton = 12.404762 bbls 
 
d) Pricing calendar: Argus International LPG 
e) Delivery Date: Contract month 


 
107 
Reference Price B: OIL-BRENT-ICE 
 
a) Description: “OIL-BRENT-ICE” means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day’s 
settlement price as made public by ICE for the front month Brent Crude Future for each Business 
Day in the determination period. 
b) Pricing Date: Each trading day of the ICE Brent Crude Future Contract during the Contract 
month 
Roll Adjust Provision: In order to use the correct Floating Price quotations, the nearby month quotation 
for ICE Brent Futures specified in the Floating Price terms above will be used except for the expiration 
date of the commodity's underlying delivery month's futures contract. On such date, the applicable pricing 
quotation will be rolled to the following month's futures contract. 
 
c) Specified Price: Settlement Price 
d) Pricing calendar: ICE 
e) Delivery Date: First Nearby Month  
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 
 


 
108 
19.D.87 Propane, Argus Ningbo Index (ANI) Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices published by Argus 
International LPG for the location specified in Final Settlement Price below 
 
Contract Symbol: PRS 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 Metric Tonnes  
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 Metric Tonnes  
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents  
 
Trading Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
 
Contract Series: Up to 72 consecutive calendar months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: Last trading day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: The average of NGL-PROPANE (ARGUS NINGBO INDEX)-ARGUS 
INTERNATIONAL prices 
 
a) Description: “NGL-PROPANE (ARGUS NINGBO INDEX)-ARGUS INTERNATIONAL 
LPG” means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per tonne of 
propane, stated in US Dollars, published under the heading “Middle East and Asia-Pacific 
averages” for Argus Ningbo Index: Propane” in the issue of Argus International LPG that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price: Price 
d) Pricing calendar: Argus International LPG 
e) Delivery Date: Contract month 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 
 


 
109 
19.D.88 Propane, Argus Ningbo Index (ANI) Balmo Future 
 
Description: A balance of the month cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices 
published by Argus International LPG for the location specified in Final Settlement Price below 
 
Contract Symbol: PRT 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 Metric Tonnes  
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 metric tonnes  
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents  
 
Trading Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
 
Contract Series: Up to 2 months of balance-of-month contract months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: Last trading day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: The average of NGL-PROPANE (ARGUS NINGBO INDEX)-ARGUS 
INTERNATIONAL prices 
 
a) Description: “NGL-PROPANE (ARGUS NINGBO INDEX)-ARGUS INTERNATIONAL 
LPG” means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per tonne of 
propane, stated in US Dollars, published under the heading “Middle East and Asia-Pacific 
averages” for Argus Ningbo Index: Propane” in the issue of Argus International LPG that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price: Price 
d) Pricing calendar: Argus International LPG 
e) Delivery Date: Contract month 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
110 
19.D.89 Propane, Argus Ningbo Index (ANI) Mini Future 
 
Product Name: Propane, Argus Ningbo Index (ANI) Mini Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices published by Argus 
International LPG for the location specified in Final Settlement Price below. 
 
Contract Symbol: PRU 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 100 Metric Tonnes  
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 100 Metric Tonnes  
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents  
 
Trading Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
 
Contract Series: Up to 72 consecutive calendar months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: Last trading day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement Price: The average of NGL-PROPANE (ARGUS NINGBO INDEX)-ARGUS 
INTERNATIONAL prices 
 
a) Description: “NGL-PROPANE (ARGUS NINGBO INDEX)-ARGUS INTERNATIONAL 
LPG” means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day’s Specified Price per tonne of 
propane, stated in US Dollars, published under the heading “Middle East and Asia-Pacific 
averages” for Argus Ningbo Index: Propane” in the issue of Argus International LPG that reports 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
b) Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price: Price 
d) Pricing calendar: Argus International LPG 
e) Delivery Date: Contract month 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
111 
19.D.90 Normal Butane, OPIS ETR ISOM Grade, Fixed Price Balmo Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled Exchange Futures Contract based upon the average of the daily 
prices published by OPIS for the location specified in Reference Price A 
 
Contract Symbol: NBO 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One thousandth of a cent 
($0.00001) per gallon; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type.  
 
The conversion factor for this contract is 42 gallons = 1 barrel. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 2 months of balance-of-month Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by 
the Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement: Average of Reference Price A prices 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: NGL-TET Isom N. Butane-OPIS 
 
a) Description: “NGL-TET Isom N. Butane-OPIS” means that the price for a Pricing Date will be 
that day's Specified Price per gallon of normal butane for delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. cents, published under the heading " Mont Belvieu Spot Gas Liquids Prices: TET Isom N. 
Butane: Any Current Month:" in the issue of OPIS that reports prices effective on that Pricing 
Date. 
b) Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price: Price 
d) Pricing Calendar: OPIS 
e) Delivery Date: Contract month 
Final Payment Date: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 


SUBCHAPTER 19F - OPTIONS 
 
 
19.F.01  Crude Diff – WTI 1-Month Calendar Spread Option 
19.F.02  Crude Diff – WTI vs Brent Spread Option 
19.F.03  Crude Outright – WTI Average Price Option 
19.F.04  Crude Outright – Argus LLS Average Price Option 
19.F.05  RESERVED 
19.F.06  RESERVED 
19.F.07  RESERVED 
19.F.08  RESERVED 
19.F.09  RESERVED 
19.F.10  RESERVED 
19.F.11  RESERVED 
19.F.12  RESERVED 
19.F.13  RESERVED 
19.F.14  Daily EU-Style WTI Option 
19.F.15  Crude Outright – WTI Average Price Balmo Option 
19.F.16  Crude Outright – EU-Style WTI Option 
19.F.17  RESERVED  
19.F.18  Gasoline Outright – RBOB Gasoline Average Price Option 
19.F.19  Heating Oil Outright – Heating Oil Average Price Option 
19.F.20  RESERVED 
19.F.21  Fuel Oil Outright - USGC HSFO (Platts) Average Price Option 
19.F.22  RESERVED 
19.F.23  RESERVED 
19.F.24  Diesel Diff – New York Harbor ULSD 1-Month Calendar Spread Option 
19.F.25  Gasoline Diff - RBOB Gasoline 1-Month Calendar Spread Option 
19.F.26 Crude Diff - Argus WTI Midland vs WTI Trade Month Average Price Option 
19.F.27 RESERVED 
19.F.28 Crude Diff - Argus WTI Houston vs WTI Trade Month Average Price Option 
19.F.29 RESERVED 
19.F.30 RESERVED 
19.F.31 RESERVED 
19.F.32 RESERVED 
19.F.33 RESERVED 
19.F.34 Crude Outright - Permian WTI Average Price Option 


19.F.35 Crude Outright - Argus WTI Houston Average Price Option  
19.F.36 Fuel Oil Outright - Marine Fuel 0.5% USGC Barges (Platts) Average Price Option (in MTs) 
 
19.F.37 Fuel Oil Crack - Marine Fuel 0.5% FOB USGC Barges (Platts) vs Brent 1st Line Average 
Price Option 
 
19.F.38 Biofuel Outright - D6 RINs (OPIS) Average Price Option 
 
19.F.39 Biofuel Outright - D5 RINs (OPIS) Average Price Option 
 
19.F.40 Biofuel Outright - D4 RINs (OPIS) Average Price Option 
 
19.F.41 Biofuel Outright - D3 RINs (OPIS) Average Price Option 
 
 


 
 
19.F.01  CRUDE DIFF – WTI 1-MONTH CALENDAR SPREAD OPTION 
Product Name 
Crude Diff – WTI 1-Month Calendar Spread Option 
Contract Description 
A WTI Crude Oil 1-Month Calendar Spread Option, which will 
automatically exercise into the WTI 1-month Calendar Spread 
Future on the day of expiry of the options contract. 
Contract Symbol 
TIA 
Contract Size per lot 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels.   
For Call Options the first underlying ICE WTI Crude Futures 
contract month settlement less the second ICE WTI Crude Futures 
contract month settlement less the strike price, or zero, whichever is 
greater.  
For Put Options, the strike price less the first ICE WTI Crude 
Futures contract month Settlement Price less the second ICE WTI 
Crude Futures contract month settlement, or zero, whichever is 
greater. 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Close of business on the last trading day of the underlying ICE 
Futures Europe WTI Crude Futures Contract 
Option Type 
Options are European style and will be automatically exercised on 
the expiry day if they are “in the money”.  If an Option is “out of 
the money” it will expire automatically.  It is not permitted to 
exercise the Option on any other day or in any other circumstances.  
No manual exercise is permitted. 
Expiry 
14:30 EPT (19:30 London Time)  
Automatic exercise settings are pre-set to exercise contracts which 
are one minimum price fluctuation or more ‘in the money’ with 
reference to the relevant reference price.  Clearing Members cannot 
override automatic exercise settings or manually enter exercise 
instructions for this contract.  
The reference price will be a price in USD and cents per barrel 
equal to the difference of the nearby ICE Futures Europe WTI 
Crude Futures contract and the next consecutive contract month of 


the ICE Futures Europe WTI Crude Futures contract series.   
Strike Price Intervals 
Standard $0.05 strikes from 20 strikes above and below the at-the-
money strike.  Additional strikes added as appropriate.  The “at-the-
money” strike price is the closest interval nearest to the previous 
Business Day’s Settlement Price of the corresponding underlying 1-
month calendar spread contract. 
Contract Series 
Up to 48 consecutive 1-month calendar spreads, or as otherwise 
determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for ICE 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19 --see IFUS website 
 
 
 
 


19.F.02  CRUDE DIFF – WTI VS BRENT SPREAD OPTION 
Product Name 
Crude Diff – WTI vs Brent Spread Option 
Contract Description 
The WTI vs Brent Spread Option is based on the difference 
between the ICE Futures Europe daily settlement price for WTI 
Futures and the ICE Futures Europe daily settlement price for 
Brent Futures, and will automatically exercise into the ICE 
WTI vs Brent Bullet Futures Contract on the day of expiry of 
the options contract. 
Contract Symbol 
TIB 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation  
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Trading shall end one Business Day prior to the expiration day of 
the ICE Futures Europe Brent Crude Futures Contract.  
Option Type 
Options are European-style and will be automatically exercised 
on the expiry day if they are “in-the-money”.  The Futures 
Contract resulting from exercise immediately goes to cash 
settlement.  If an Option is “out-of-the-money” it will expire 
automatically.  It is not permitted to exercise the Option on any 
other day or in any other circumstances than the Last Trading 
Day.  No manual exercise is permitted. 
Expiry 
14:30 EPT (19:30 London Time) 
 
Automatic exercise settings are pre-set to exercise contracts 
which are one minimum price fluctuation or more 'in the 
money' with reference to the relevant reference price.  Clearing 
Members cannot override automatic exercise settings or manually 
enter exercise instructions for this contract.  
The reference price will be a price in USD and cents per barrel 
based on the difference of the applicable ICE WTI Crude Futures 
contract and the ICE Brent Crude Futures contract series.  ,  
Strike Price Intervals 
This contract will support custom Option strikes with 
strikes in increments of $0.01 within a range of -$100 to +$100.  
This range may be revised from time to time according to 
futures price movements.  The “at-the-money” strike price 
is the closest interval nearest to the previous business day's 
Settlement Price of the underlying contract. 


Contract Series 
Up to 36 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading 
Day 
business days 
Publication days for ICE 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19 --see IFUS website 
 
 
 


19.F.03  CRUDE OUTRIGHT – WTI AVERAGE PRICE OPTION  
Product Name 
Crude Outright – WTI Average Price Option 
Contract Description 
The WTI Average Price Option is based on the underlying ICE 
WTI 1st Line Future and will automatically exercise into the 
Settlement Price of the WTI 1st Line Future on the day of 
expiry of the options contract. 
Contract Symbol 
R 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation  
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Last Trading Day of the contract month 
Option Type 
Options are Asian-style and will be automatically exercised on 
the expiry day if they are in-the-money. The Futures 
Contract resulting from exercise immediately goes to cash 
settlement.  If an Option is out-of-the-money it will expire 
automatically. It is not permitted to exercise the Option on any 
other day or in any other circumstances than the Last Trading 
Day. No manual exercise is permitted. 
Expiry 
14:30 EPT (19:30 London Time). 
Automatic exercise settings are pre-set to exercise contracts 
which are one minimum price fluctuation or more 'in the 
money' with reference to the relevant reference price.  Clearing 
Members cannot override automatic exercise settings or 
manually enter exercise instructions for this contract.  
The reference price will be a price in USD and cents per barrel 
equal to the average of the Settlement Prices as made public 
by ICE for the WTI 1st Line  Future for the contract month.   
Strike Prices 
Minimum $0.50 increment strike prices.  $1.00 Strikes from 
$20 to $240.  $0.50 strikes 20 strikes above and below ATM.  
The “at-the-money” strike price is the closes interval nearest to 
the previous Business Day’s Settlement Price of the underlying 
contract. 
Contract Series 
Up to 72 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by 
the Exchange. 


Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading 
Day 
business days 
Publication days for ICE 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19 --see IFUS website 
 
 


19.F.04  CRUDE OUTRIGHT – ARGUS LLS AVERAGE PRICE OPTION 
Product Name 
Crude Outright – Argus LLS Average Price Option 
Contract Description 
The Argus LLS Average Price Option is based on the underlying ICE Argus 
LLS Future and will automatically exercise into the Argus LLS Future on 
the day of expiry of the options contract. 
Contract Symbol 
ARH 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Last Trading Day of the contract month 
Option Type 
Options are average priced and will be automatically exercised into the 
Argus LLS Future on the expiry day if they are “in the money”. The Futures 
Contract resulting from exercise immediately goes to cash settlement. If an 
Option is “out of the money” it will expire automatically. It is not permitted 
to exercise the Option on any other day or in any other circumstances than 
the Last Trading Day. No manual exercise is permitted 
Expiry 
14:30 EPT (19:30 London Time) 
 
Automatic exercise settings are pre-set to exercise contracts which are one 
minimum price fluctuation or more “in the money” with reference to the 
relevant reference price. Clearing Members cannot override automatic 
exercise settings or manually enter exercise instructions for this contract. 
The reference price will be a price in USD and cents per barrel equal to the 
average of the Settlement Prices of the Argus LLS Future for the contract 
month.  
Strike Price Intervals 
This contract will support custom Option strikes with strikes in increments 
of $0.01 within a range of $20 to $240. This range may be revised from time 
to time according to future price movements. The at-the-money strike price 
is the closest interval nearest to the previous Business Day's Settlement 
Price of the Underlying Futures Contract 
Contract Series 
Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Argus Crude 


Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19 --see IFUS website 
 
 


19.F.05  RESERVED 
19.F.06  RESERVED 
19.F.07  RESERVED 
19.F.08  RESERVED 
19.F.09  RESERVED 
19.F.10  RESERVED 
19.F.11  RESERVED 
19.F.12  RESERVED 
19.F.13  RESERVED 
19.F.14  DAILY EU-STYLE WTI OPTION 
Product Name 
 Daily EU-Style WTI Option 
Description 
The Daily EU-Style WTI Option contract is based on the underlying 
ICE WTI Crude Futures Contract and will automatically exercise into 
the Daily EU-Style WTI Future on the day of expiry of the options 
contract.  The Daily Options are short-life, EU-style options that will 
immediately settle into the cash value of the Underlying Futures 
Contract’s daily Settlement Price. 
Contract Symbol 
TDE 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Trading shall cease at the end of the designated settlement period of 
the ICE WTI Crude Futures Contract on the business day that it was 
listed on.  
Option Type 
Options are European-style and will be automatically exercised on the 
expiry day if they are “in-the-money”. The Futures Contract resulting 
from exercise immediately goes to cash settlement. If an option is “out-
of-the-money” it will expire automatically.  
Expiry 
Automatic exercise settings are pre-set to exercise contracts which are 
one minimum price fluctuation or more in-the-money with reference to 
the corresponding daily Settlement Price at the designated settlement 
time as determined by the Exchange. Clearing Members cannot 
override automatic exercise settings or manually enter exercise 
instructions for this contract. 


Strike Prices 
A minimum of 10 Strike Prices in increments of $0.50 per bbl above 
and below the at-the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are 
adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined Strike 
Prices are allowed in $0.01 increments. 
Contract Series 
Daily contract listed for 1 day, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
One Clearing House Business Day following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for NYMEX 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19 --see IFUS website 
 
 
 


19.F.15  CRUDE OUTRIGHT – WTI AVERAGE PRICE BALMO OPTION  
Product Name 
 Crude Outright – WTI Average Price Balmo Option 
Description 
The WTI Average Price Balmo Option is based on the underlying 
WTI 1st Line Balmo Future and will automatically exercise into the  
1st Line Balmo Future on the day of expiry of the options contract. 
Contract Symbol 
WBT 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation  
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Last Trading Day of the contract month 
Option Type 
Options are Asian-style and will be automatically exercised on the 
expiry day if they are in-the-money. The Futures Contract 
resulting from exercise immediately goes to cash settlement. If an 
option is out-of-the-money it will expire automatically. It is not 
permitted to exercise the option on any other day or in any other 
circumstances than the Last Trading Day. No manual exercise is 
permitted. 
Expiry 
 14:30 EPT (19:30 London Time). 
Automatic exercise settings are pre-set to exercise contracts which 
are one minimum price fluctuation or more 'in the money' with 
reference to the relevant reference price. Clearing Members cannot 
override automatic exercise settings or manually enter exercise 
instructions for this contract.  
The reference price will be a price in USD and cents per barrel equal 
to the average of the Settlement Prices as made public by ICE for the 
WTI 1st Line Future for the contract month.  
Strike Prices 
A minimum of 20 Strike Prices in increments of $0.50 per bbl above 
and below the at-the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are 
adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined Strike 
Prices are allowed in $0.50 increments.  
 
Contract Series 
Up to 2 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 


business days 
Publication days for ICE 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19 --see IFUS website 
 
 


19.F.16 CRUDE OUTRIGHT – EU-STYLE WTI OPTION  
Product Name 
 Crude Outright – EU-Style WTI Option 
Description 
The EU-Style WTI Option is based on the underlying EU-Style 
WTI Futures Contract and will automatically exercise into 
the EU-Style WTI Futures Contract on the day of expiry of 
the options contract. 
Contract Symbol 
WUL 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation  
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Trading shall end two NYMEX Business Days prior to the 
expiration date of the ICE Futures Europe WTI Crude Futures 
Contract.  (A NYMEX Business Day is a day on which NYMEX 
is open for business.) 
Option Type 
Options are European-style and will be automatically exercised 
on the expiry day if they are “in-the-money”.  The Futures 
Contract resulting from exercise immediately goes to cash 
settlement.  If an option is “out-of-the-money” it will expire 
automatically.  It is not permitted to exercise the option on any 
other day or in any other circumstances than the Last Trading 
Day.  No manual exercise is permitted. 
Expiry 
14:30 EPT (19:30 London time) 
Automatic exercise settings are pre-set to exercise contracts 
which are one minimum price fluctuation or more in-the-
money with reference to the relevant reference price. Clearing 
Members cannot override automatic exercise settings or manually 
enter exercise instructions for this contract.  
The reference price will be a price in USD and cents per barrel 
equal to the Settlement Price of the ICE EU-Style WTI Future, 
which is based on the Settlement Price of the ICE WTI Bullet 
Future for the contract month on the 3rd business day prior to 
the last trading day of the ICE Futures Europe WTI Futures 
Contract for the contract month.   
Strike Prices 
Minimum $0.50 increment strike prices.  $1.00 Strikes from $20 to 
$240.  $0.50 strikes 20 strikes above and below ATM.  The 


at-the-money strike price is the closes interval nearest to the 
previous business day’s settlement price of the underlying 
contract. 
Contract Series 
Up to 36 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading 
Day 
business days 
Publication days for ICE 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19 --see IFUS website 
 
 
 
 


19.F. 17  RESERVED 
19.F.18  GASOLINE OUTRIGHT – RBOB GASOLINE AVERAGE PRICE OPTION 
Product Name 
 Gasoline Outright – RBOB Gasoline Average Price Option 
Description 
The RBOB Gasoline Average Price Option is based on the 
underlying RBOB Gasoline 1st Line Futures Contract and will 
automatically exercise into the RBOB Gasoline 1st Line Futures 
Contract on the day of expiry of the options contract. 
Contract Symbol 
RBS 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels (42,000 gallons) 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Settlement Price Quotation  
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Last Trading Day 
Last Trading Day of the contract month 
Option Type 
Options are Asian-style and will be automatically exercised on the 
expiry day if they are "in the money".  The Futures Contract 
resulting from exercise immediately goes to cash settlement.  If an 
option is "out of the money" it will expire automatically.  It is not 
permitted to exercise the option on any other day or in any other 
circumstances than the Last Trading Day.  No manual exercise is 
permitted. 
Expiry 
14:30 EPT (19:30 London Time).   
Automatic exercise settings are pre-set to exercise contracts which 
are one minimum price fluctuation or more "in the money" with 
reference to the relevant reference price.  Members cannot override 
automatic exercise settings or manually enter exercise instructions 
for this contract.   
The reference price will be a price in USD and cents per gallon 
based on the average of the Settlement Prices as made public by 
ICE for the RBOB Gasoline 1st Line Futures Contract for the 
contract month.   
Strike Price Intervals 
A minimum of 10 strikes above and below at the money in $0.01 
increments will be listed at launch.  This contract will support 
Custom Option Strikes with strikes in increments of $0.001 within a 
range of $0.500 to $10.000.  This range may be revised from time 
to time according to future price movements.  The at-the-money 
strike price is the closest interval nearest to the previous business 


day's settlement price of the underlying contract. 
Contract Series 
Up to 48 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading 
Day 
business days 
Publication days for ICE 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19 --see IFUS website 
 
 
 
 


19.F.19  HEATING OIL OUTRIGHT – HEATING OIL AVERAGE PRICE OPTION 
Product Name 
 Heating Oil Outright – Heating Oil Average Price Option 
Description 
The Heating Oil Average Price Option is based on the underlying 
Heating Oil 1st Line Futures Contract and will automatically 
exercise into the Heating Oil 1st Line Futures Contract on the day 
of expiry of the options contract. 
Contract Symbol 
HOF 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels (42,000 gallons) 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Settlement Price Quotation  
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Last Trading Day 
Last Trading Day of the contract month 
Option Type 
Options are Asian-style and will be automatically exercised on the 
expiry day if they are "in the money".  The Futures Contract 
resulting from exercise immediately goes to cash settlement.  If an 
option is "out of the money" it will expire automatically.  It is not 
permitted to exercise the option on any other day or in any other 
circumstances than the Last Trading Day.  No manual exercise is 
permitted. 
Expiry 
14:30 EPT (19:30 London Time).   
Automatic exercise settings are pre-set to exercise contracts which 
are one minimum price fluctuation or more "in the money" with 
reference to the relevant reference price.  Clearing Members cannot 
override automatic exercise settings or manually enter exercise 
instructions for this contract.   
The reference price will be a price in USD and cents per gallon 
based on the average of the Settlement Prices as made public by 
ICE for the Heating Oil 1st Line Futures Contract for the contract 
month.   
Strike Price Intervals 
A minimum of 10 strikes above and below at the money in $0.01 
increments will be listed at launch.  This contract will support 
Custom Option Strikes with strikes in increments of $0.001 within a 
range of $0.500 to $10.000.  These ranges may be revised from 
time to time according to future price movements.  The at-the-
money strike price is the closest interval nearest to the previous 
business day's settlement price of the underlying contract. 


Contract Series 
Up to 48 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading 
Day 
business days 
Publication days for ICE 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19 --see IFUS website 
 
 


19.F.20  RESERVED 
19.F.21  FUEL OIL OUTRIGHT - USGC HSFO (PLATTS) AVERAGE PRICE OPTION 
Product Name 
 Fuel Oil Outright - USGC HSFO (Platts) Average Price Option 
Description 
The USGC HSFO (Platts) Average Price Option is based on the 
underlying USGC HSFO (Platts) Futures Contract and will automatically 
exercise into the USGC HSFO (Platts) Futures Contract on the day of 
expiry of the options contract. 
Contract Symbol 
RBO 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
Settlement Price Quotation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
Last Trading Day 
Last Trading Day of the contract month 
Option Type 
Options are average priced and will be automatically exercised into the 
USGC HSFO (Platts) Future on the expiry day if they are “in the 
money”. The Futures Contract resulting from exercise immediately goes 
to cash settlement. If an option is “out of the money” it will expire 
automatically. It is not permitted to exercise the option on any other day 
or in any other circumstances than the Last Trading Day. No manual 
exercise is permitted 
Expiry 
 14:30 EPT (19:30 London Time). 
 
Automatic exercise settings are pre-set to exercise contracts which are 
one minimum price fluctuation or more “in the money” with reference to 
the relevant reference price. Clearing Members cannot override 
automatic exercise settings or manually enter exercise instructions for 
this contract. 
The reference price will be a price in USD and cents per barrel equal to 
the average of the Settlement Prices of the USGC HSFO (Platts) Futures 
Contract for the contract month.  
Strike Price Intervals 
A minimum of 10 Strike Prices in increments of $0.01 per bbl above and 
below the at-the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted 
according to futures price movements. User-defined Strike Prices are 
allowed in $0.01 increments. 
Contract Series 
Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for Platts US Marketscan 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19 --see IFUS website 
 
 
 


19.F.22  RESERVED 
19.F.23 RESERVED 
  19.F.24  DIESEL DIFF – NEW YORK HARBOR ULSD 1-MONTH CALENDAR SPREAD OPTION 
Product Name 
 Diesel Diff – New York Harbor ULSD 1-Month Calendar Spread 
Option 
Description 
The New York Harbor ULSD 1-Month Calendar Spread Option is based on 
the difference between two consecutive New York Harbor ULSD Futures 
Contract months, and will automatically exercise into the New York Harbor 
ULSD 1-month Calendar Spread Futures Contract. on the day of expiry of 
the options contract.   
Contract Symbol 
HOC 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels (42,000 gallons) 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels. 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Settlement Price Quotation One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Minimum Price Fluctuation One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Last Trading Day 
Trading shall end at the end of the designated settlement period on the 
expiration date of the nearby month of the ICE Futures Europe New York 
Harbor Heating Oil Futures Contract. 
Option Type 
Options are European style and will be automatically exercised on the expiry 
day if they are “in the money”. The Futures Contract resulting from exercise 
immediately goes to cash settlement.  If an option is “out of the money” it 
will expire automatically. It is not permitted to exercise the option on any 
other day or in any other circumstances. No manual exercise is permitted. 
Expiry 
14:30 EPT (19:30 London Time). 
Automatic exercise settings are pre-set to exercise contracts which are one 
minimum price fluctuation or more ‘in the money’ with reference to the 
relevant reference price. Clearing Members cannot override automatic 
exercise settings or manually enter exercise instructions for this contract.  
The reference price will be a price in USD and cents per gallon equal to the 
difference between the settlement price of the nearby ICE Futures Europe 
New York Harbor Heating Oil Futures Contract and the Settlement Price of 
the next consecutive contract month of the ICE Futures Europe New York 
Harbor Heating Oil Futures Contract series on the Last Trading Day.  


Strike Price Intervals 
A minimum of 10 Strike Prices in increments of $0.01 per gal above and 
below the at-the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted 
according to futures price movements. User-defined Strike Prices are 
allowed in $0.001 increments.  
Contract Series 
Up to 36 consecutive 1-month calendar spreads, or as otherwise determined 
by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for ICE 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19 --see IFUS website 
 
 
 
 


19.F.25  GASOLINE DIFF - RBOB GASOLINE 1-MONTH CALENDAR SPREAD OPTION 
Product Name 
 Gasoline Diff - RBOB Gasoline 1-Month Calendar Spread Option 
Description 
The RBOB Gasoline 1-Month Calendar Spread Option is based on the 
difference between two consecutive RBOB Gasoline Futures months and 
automatically exercises into the ICE RBOB Gasoline 1-Month Calendar 
Spread Future on the day of expiry of the options contract. 
Contract Symbol 
RCM 
Contract Size 
1,000 barrels (42,000 gallons) 
Unit of Trading 
Any multiple of 1,000 barrels (42,000 gallons). 
 
Currency 
US Dollars and cents 
Trading Price Quotation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Settlement Price Quotation  
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Minimum Price Fluctuation 
One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per gallon 
Last Trading Day 
Trading shall end at the end of the designated settlement period on the 
expiration date of the nearby month ICE Futures Europe RBOB Gasoline 
Futures Contract.   
Option Type 
Options are European style and will be automatically exercised on the expiry 
day if they are “in the money”. The Futures Contract resulting from exercise 
immediately goes to cash settlement. If an option is “out of the money” it 
will expire automatically. It is not permitted to exercise the option on any 
other day or in any other circumstances. No manual exercise is permitted. 
Expiry 
 14:30 EPT (19:30 London Time). 
Automatic exercise settings are pre-set to exercise contracts which are one 
minimum price fluctuation or more ‘in the money’ with reference to the 
relevant reference price. Clearing Members cannot override automatic 
exercise settings or manually enter exercise instructions for this contract.  
The reference price will be a price in USD and cents per gallon equal to the 
difference between the settlement price of the nearby ICE Futures Europe 
RBOB Gasoline Futures Contract and the settlement price of the next 
consecutive contract month of the ICE Futures Europe RBOB Gasoline 
Futures Contract series on the Last Trading Day.  
Strike Price Intervals 
A minimum of 10 Strike Prices in increments of $0.01 per gal above and 
below the at-the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted 
according to futures price movements. User-defined Strike Prices are 
allowed in $0.01 increments.  
Contract Series 
Up to 48 consecutive 1-month calendar spreads, or as otherwise determined 
by the Exchange. 
Final Payment Dates 
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
business days 
Publication days for ICE  
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19 --see IFUS website 
 


 
19.F.26 CRUDE DIFF - ARGUS WTI MIDLAND VS WTI TRADE MONTH AVERAGE PRICE OPTION 
 
Description: The Argus WTI Midland vs WTI Trade Month Average Price Option is based on the underlying Argus 
WTI Midland vs WTI Trade Month Future (MSV) and will automatically exercise into the Argus WTI Midland vs 
WTI Trade Month Future (MSV) on the day of expiry of the options contract. 
 
Contract Symbol: MSV 
 
Hedge Instrument: The delta hedge for the Argus WTI Midland vs WTI Trade Month Average Price Option is the 
Argus WTI Midland vs WTI Trade Month Future (MSV). 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Last Trading Day: Trading shall cease at the close of trading on the last business day that falls on or before the 
25th calendar day of the month prior to the contract month. If the 25th calendar day is a weekend or holiday, trading 
shall cease on the first business day prior to the 25th calendar day. 
 
Option Type: Options are average priced and will be automatically exercised into the Argus WTI Midland vs WTI 
Trade Month Future on the expiry day if they are “in the money". The Future resulting from exercise immediately 
goes to cash settlement relieving market participants of the need to concern themselves with liquidation or exercise 
issues. If an option is "out of the money" it will expire automatically. It is not permitted to exercise the option on 
any other day or in any other circumstances than the Last Trading Day. No manual exercise is permitted. 
 
Option Premium/Daily Margin: The Argus WTI Midland vs WTI Trade Month Average Price Option is a 
premium-paid-upfront option. The traded premium will therefore be debited by the Clearing House from the Buyer 
and credited to the Seller on the morning of the Business Day following the day of trade. Members who are long 
premium-paid-upfront options will receive a Net Liquidating Value (NLV) credit to the value of the premium which 
is then used to offset the initial margin requirement flowing from both these options and positions in other energy 
contracts. Members who are short premium-paid-upfront options will receive an NLV debit in addition to their 
initial margin requirement. NLV is calculated daily with reference to the settlement price of the option. 
 
Expiry: 19:30 London Time (14:30 EST). 
 
Automatic exercise settings are pre-set to exercise contracts which are one minimum price fluctuation or more “in 
the money” with reference to the relevant reference price. Members cannot override automatic exercise settings or 
manually enter exercise instructions for this contract.  
 
The reference price will be a price in USD and cents per barrel equal to the average of the settlement prices of the 
Argus WTI Midland vs WTI Trade Month Future for the contract month. When exercised against, the Clearing 
House, at its discretion, selects sellers against which to exercise on a pro rata basis. 
 
Strike Prices: This contract will support Custom Option Strikes with strikes in increments of $0.01 within a range 
of -$20 to $15. This range may be revised from time to time according to future price movements. The at-the-money 
strike price is the closest interval nearest to the previous business day's settlement price of the underlying contract. 
 


Contract Series: Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
Business Days: Publication days for Argus Crude 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


19.F.27 RESERVED 
 
19.F.28 CRUDE DIFF - ARGUS WTI HOUSTON VS WTI TRADE MONTH AVERAGE PRICE OPTION 
 
Description: The Argus WTI Houston vs WTI Trade Month Average Price Option is based on the underlying Argus 
WTI Houston vs WTI Trade Month Future (ACM) and will automatically exercise into the Argus WTI Houston vs 
WTI Trade Month Future (ACM) on the day of expiry of the options contract. 
 
Contract Symbol: ACM 
 
Hedge Instrument: The delta hedge for the Argus WTI Houston vs WTI Trade Month Average Price Option is the 
Argus WTI Houston vs WTI Trade Month Future (ACM). 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Last Trading Day: Trading shall cease at the close of trading on the last business day that falls on or before the 
25th calendar day of the month prior to the contract month. If the 25th calendar day is a weekend or holiday, trading 
shall cease on the first business day prior to the 25th calendar day.  
 
Option Type: Options are average priced and will be automatically exercised into the Argus WTI Houston vs WTI 
Trade Month Future on the expiry day if they are “in the money". The Future resulting from exercise immediately 
goes to cash settlement relieving market participants of the need to concern themselves with liquidation or exercise 
issues. If an option is "out of the money" it will expire automatically. It is not permitted to exercise the option on 
any other day or in any other circumstances than the Last Trading Day. No manual exercise is permitted. 
 
Option Premium/Daily Margin: The Argus WTI Houston vs WTI Trade Month Average Price Option is a 
premium-paid-upfront option. The traded premium will therefore be debited by the Clearing House from the Buyer 
and credited to the Seller on the morning of the Business Day following the day of trade. Members who are long 
premium-paid-upfront options will receive a Net Liquidating Value (NLV) credit to the value of the premium which 
is then used to offset the initial margin requirement flowing from both these options and positions in other energy 
contracts. Members who are short premium-paid-upfront options will receive an NLV debit in addition to their 
initial margin requirement. NLV is calculated daily with reference to the settlement price of the option. 
 
Expiry:19:30 London Time (14:30 EST). 
 
Automatic exercise settings are pre-set to exercise contracts which are one minimum price fluctuation or more “in 
the money” with reference to the relevant reference price. Members cannot override automatic exercise settings or 
manually enter exercise instructions for this contract.  
 
The reference price will be a price in USD and cents per barrel equal to the average of the settlement prices of the 
Argus WTI Houston vs WTI Trade Month Future for the contract month. When exercised against, the Clearing 
House, at its discretion, selects sellers against which to exercise on a pro rata basis. 
 
Strike Prices: This contract will support Custom Option Strikes with strikes in increments of $0.01 within a range 
of -$20 to $15. This range may be revised from time to time according to future price movements. The at-the-money 
strike price is the closest interval nearest to the previous business day's settlement price of the underlying contract. 


Contract Series: Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
Business Days: Publication days for Argus Crude 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


19.F.29 RESERVED 
 
19.F.30 RESERVED 
 
19.F.31 RESERVED 
 
19.F.32 RESERVED 
 
19.F.33 RESERVED 
 
19.F.34 CRUDE OUTRIGHT - PERMIAN WTI AVERAGE PRICE OPTION 
 
Description: The Permian WTI Average Price Option is based on the underlying ICE Permian WTI 1st Line Future 
(HOO) and will automatically exercise into the settlement price of the 1st Line Future on the day of expiry of the 
options contract. 
 
Contract Symbol: HOO 
 
Hedge Instrument: The delta hedge for the Permian WTI Average Price Option is the Permian WTI 1st Line 
Future (HOO).  
 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Option Style: Options are Asian-style and will be automatically exercised on the expiry day if they are “in the 
money”. The swap future resulting from exercise immediately goes to cash settlement relieving market participants 
of the need to concern themselves with liquidation or exercise issues. If an option is “out of the money” it will 
expire automatically. It is not permitted to exercise the option on any other day or in any other circumstances than 
the Last Trading Day. No manual exercise is permitted. 
 
Expiry: 19:30 London Time (14:30 EST). 
 
Automatic exercise settings are pre-set to exercise contracts which are one minimum price fluctuation or more 'in 
the money' with reference to the relevant reference price. Members cannot override automatic exercise settings or 
manually enter exercise instructions for this contract. 
 
The reference price will be a price in USD and cents per barrel equal to the average of the settlement prices for the 
ICE Permian WTI 1st Line Future for the contract month. 
 
Strike Price Intervals: Minimum $0.50 increment strike prices. $1.00 Strikes from $20 to $240. $0.50 strikes 20 
strikes above and below ATM. The “at the money” strike price is the closes interval nearest to the previous business 
day’s settlement price of the underlying contract. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 72 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 


Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
Business Days: US business days. 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


19.F.35 CRUDE OUTRIGHT - ARGUS WTI HOUSTON AVERAGE PRICE OPTION 
 
Description: The Argus WTI Houston Average Price Option is based on the underlying Argus WTI Houston Future 
and will automatically exercise into the Argus WTI Houston Future on the day of expiry of the options contract.  
 
Contract Symbol: AFW 
 
Hedge Instrument: The delta hedge for the Argus WTI Houston Average Price Option is the Argus WTI Houston 
Future.  
 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Option Style: Options are average priced and will be automatically exercised into the Argus WTI Houston Future 
on the expiry day if they are “in the money". The Future resulting from exercise immediately goes to cash settlement 
relieving market participants of the need to concern themselves with liquidation or exercise issues. If an option is 
"out of the money" it will expire automatically. It is not permitted to exercise the option on any other day or in any 
other circumstances than the Last Trading Day.  
No manual exercise is permitted. 
 
Expiry: 19:30 London Time (14:30 EST).  
 
Automatic exercise settings are pre-set to exercise contracts which are one minimum price fluctuation or more “in 
the money” with reference to the relevant reference price. Members cannot override automatic exercise settings or 
manually enter exercise instructions for this contract. The reference price will be a price in USD and cents per barrel 
equal to the average of the settlement prices of the Argus WTI Houston 1st line Future for the contract month. When 
exercised against, the Clearing House, at its discretion, selects sellers against which to exercise on a pro rata basis 
 
Strike Price: Minimum $0.50 increment strike prices. $1.00 Strikes from $20 to $240. $0.50 strikes 20 strikes 
above and below ATM. The “at the money” strike price is the closes interval nearest to the previous business day’s 
settlement price of the underlying contract. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
business days: Publication days for Argus Crude 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


19.F.36 FUEL OIL OUTRIGHT - MARINE FUEL 0.5% FOB USGC BARGES (PLATTS) AVERAGE 
PRICE OPTION (IN MTS) 
 
Description: The Marine Fuel 0.5% FOB USGC Barges (Platts) Average Price Option is based on the underlying 
Marine Fuel 0.5% FOB USGC Barges (Platts) Future (in MT) and will automatically exercise into the settlement 
price of the Future on the day of expiry of the options contract. 
 
Contract Symbol: MF9 
 
Hedge Instrument: The delta hedge for the Marine Fuel 0.5% FOB USGC Barges (Platts) Average Price Option is 
the Marine Fuel 0.5% FOB USGC Barges (Platts) Future  
 
Contract Size: 1,000 metric tonnes 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 metric tonnes 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per metric tonne 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per metric tonne 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Option Type: Options are average priced and will be automatically exercised into the Marine Fuel 0.5% FOB 
USGC Barges (Platts) Future on the expiry day if they are "in the money". The Future resulting from exercise 
immediately goes to cash settlement relieving market participants of the need to concern themselves with liquidation 
or exercise issues. If an option is "out of the money" it will expire automatically. It is not permitted to exercise the 
option on any other day or in any other circumstances than the Last Trading Day. No manual exercise is permitted. 
 
Expiry: 19:30 London Time (14:30 EST). 
 
Automatic exercise settings are pre-set to exercise contracts which are one minimum price fluctuation or more "in 
the money" with reference to the relevant reference price. Members cannot override automatic exercise settings or 
manually enter exercise instructions for this contract.  
 
The reference price will be a price in USD and cents per metric tonnes based on the average of the settlement prices 
of the Marine Fuel 0.5% FOB USGC Barges (Platts) Future for the contract month. When exercised against, the 
Clearing House, at its discretion, selects sellers against which to exercise on a pro-rata basis. 
 
Strike Price Intervals: A minimum of 10 Strike Prices in increments of $0.01 per bbl above and below the at-the-
money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined Strike 
Prices are allowed in $0.01 increments. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
Business Days: Publication days for Platts US Marketscan 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 


19.F.37 FUEL OIL CRACK - MARINE FUEL 0.5% FOB USGC BARGES (PLATTS) VS. BRENT 1ST LINE 
AVERAGE PRICE OPTION 
 
Description: The Marine Fuel 0.5% FOB USGC Barges (Platts) vs Brent 1st Line Average Price Option is based on 
the underlying Marine Fuel 0.5% FOB USGC Barges (Platts) vs Brent 1st Line Future (FOQ) and will automatically 
exercise into the Future on the day of expiry of the options contract. 
 
Contract Symbol: FOQ 
 
Contract Size: 1,000 barrels 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 1,000 barrels 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One cent ($0.01) per barrel 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One tenth of one cent ($0.001) per barrel 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Option Type: Options are average priced and will be automatically exercised into the Marine Fuel 0.5% FOB 
USGC Barges (Platts) vs Brent 1st Line Future (FOQ) on the expiry day if they are "in the money". If an option is 
"out of the money" it will expire automatically. It is not permitted to exercise the option on any other day or in any 
other circumstances than the Last Trading Day. No manual exercise is permitted. 
 
Expiry: 19:30 London Time. 
 
Automatic exercise settings are pre-set to exercise contracts which are one minimum price fluctuation or more “in 
the money” with reference to the relevant reference price. Clearing Members cannot override automatic exercise 
settings or manually enter exercise instructions for this contract. 
 
The reference price will be a price in USD and cents per barrel equal to the average of the settlement prices of the 
Marine Fuel 0.5% FOB USGC Barges (Platts) vs Brent 1st Line Future for the contract month.  
 
Strike Price Intervals: A minimum of 10 Strike Prices in increments of $0.01 per barrel above and below the at-
the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.01 increments. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day in the determination 
period. 
 
Business Days: Publication days for Platts US Marketscan 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


19.F.38 Biofuel Outright - D6 RINs (OPIS) Average Price Option 
 
Description: The D6 RINs (OPIS) Average Price Option is based on the underlying D6 RINs (OPIS) Future and 
will automatically exercise into the settlement price of the Future on the day of expiry of the options contract. 
 
Contract Symbol: RIN 
 
Hedge Instrument: The delta hedge for the D6 RINs (OPIS) Average Price Option is the D6 RINs (OPIS) Future 
(RIN) 
 
Contract Size: 50,000 RINs 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 50,000 RINs 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per RIN 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per RIN 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per RIN 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Option Type: Options are average priced and will be automatically exercised into the D6 RINs (OPIS) Future on 
the expiry day if they are "in the money". The Future resulting from exercise immediately goes to cash settlement 
relieving market participants of the need to concern themselves with liquidation or exercise issues. If an option is 
"out of the money" it will expire automatically. It is not permitted to exercise the option on any other day or in any 
other circumstances than the Last Trading Day. No manual exercise is permitted. 
 
Expiry: 19:30 London Time. 
 
Automatic exercise settings are pre-set to exercise contracts which are one minimum price fluctuation or more “in 
the money” with reference to the relevant reference price. Members cannot override automatic exercise settings or 
manually enter exercise instructions for this contract. 
 
The reference price will be a price in USD and cents per barrel equal to the average of the settlement prices of the 
D6 RINs (OPIS) Future for the contract month.  
 
The reference price will be a price in USD and cents per RIN equal to the Final Settlement price of the D6 RINs 
(OPIS) Future for the contract month.  
 
When exercised against, the Clearing House, at its discretion, selects sellers against which to exercise on a pro rata 
basis. 
 
Strike Price Intervals: A minimum of 20 Strike Prices in increments of $0.0001 per RIN above and below the at-
the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.0001 increments. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
Business Days: Publication days for OPIS Ethanol and Biodiesel Information Service 
 
 


 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


19.F.39 Biofuel Outright - D5 RINs (OPIS) Average Price Option 
 
Description: The D5 RINs (OPIS) Average Price Option is based on the underlying D5 RINs (OPIS) Future and 
will automatically exercise into the settlement price of the Future on the day of expiry of the options contract. 
 
Contract Symbol: BFI 
 
Hedge Instrument: The delta hedge for the D5 RINs (OPIS) Average Price Option is the D5 RINs (OPIS) Future 
(RIN) 
 
Contract Size: 50,000 RINs 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 50,000 RINs 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per RIN 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per RIN 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per RIN 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Option Type: Options are average priced and will be automatically exercised into the D5 RINs (OPIS) Future on 
the expiry day if they are "in the money". The Future resulting from exercise immediately goes to cash settlement 
relieving market participants of the need to concern themselves with liquidation or exercise issues. If an option is 
"out of the money" it will expire automatically. It is not permitted to exercise the option on any other day or in any 
other circumstances than the Last Trading Day. No manual exercise is permitted. 
 
Expiry: 19:30 London Time. 
 
Automatic exercise settings are pre-set to exercise contracts which are one minimum price fluctuation or more “in 
the money” with reference to the relevant reference price. Members cannot override automatic exercise settings or 
manually enter exercise instructions for this contract. 
 
The reference price will be a price in USD and cents per barrel equal to the average of the settlement prices of the 
D5 RINs (OPIS) Future for the contract month.  
 
The reference price will be a price in USD and cents per RIN equal to the Final Settlement price of the D5 RINs 
(OPIS) Future for the contract month.  
 
When exercised against, the Clearing House, at its discretion, selects sellers against which to exercise on a pro rata 
basis. 
 
Strike Price Intervals: A minimum of 20 Strike Prices in increments of $0.0001 per RIN above and below the at-
the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.0001 increments. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
Business Days: Publication days for OPIS Ethanol and Biodiesel Information Service 
 
 
 


MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


19.F.40 Biofuel Outright - D4 RINs (OPIS) Average Price Option 
 
Description: The D4 RINs (OPIS) Average Price Option is based on the underlying D4 RINs (OPIS) Future and 
will automatically exercise into the settlement price of the Future on the day of expiry of the options contract. 
 
Contract Symbol: RIK 
 
Hedge Instrument: The delta hedge for the D4 RINs (OPIS) Average Price Option is the D4 RINs (OPIS) Future 
(RIN) 
 
Contract Size: 50,000 RINs 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 50,000 RINs 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per RIN 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per RIN 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per RIN 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Option Type: Options are average priced and will be automatically exercised into the D4 RINs (OPIS) Future on 
the expiry day if they are "in the money". The Future resulting from exercise immediately goes to cash settlement 
relieving market participants of the need to concern themselves with liquidation or exercise issues. If an option is 
"out of the money" it will expire automatically. It is not permitted to exercise the option on any other day or in any 
other circumstances than the Last Trading Day. No manual exercise is permitted. 
 
Expiry: 19:30 London Time. 
 
Automatic exercise settings are pre-set to exercise contracts which are one minimum price fluctuation or more “in 
the money” with reference to the relevant reference price. Members cannot override automatic exercise settings or 
manually enter exercise instructions for this contract. 
 
The reference price will be a price in USD and cents per barrel equal to the average of the settlement prices of the 
D4 RINs (OPIS) Future for the contract month.  
 
The reference price will be a price in USD and cents per RIN equal to the Final Settlement price of the D4 RINs 
(OPIS) Future for the contract month.  
 
When exercised against, the Clearing House, at its discretion, selects sellers against which to exercise on a pro rata 
basis. 
 
Strike Price Intervals: A minimum of 20 Strike Prices in increments of $0.0001 per RIN above and below the at-
the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.0001 increments. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading 
Day 
 
Business Days: Publication days for OPIS Ethanol and Biodiesel Information Service 
 


MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 
 


19.F.41 Biofuel Outright - D3 RINs (OPIS) Average Price Option 
 
Description: The D3 RINs (OPIS) Average Price Option is based on the underlying D3 RINs (OPIS) Future and 
will automatically exercise into the settlement price of the Future on the day of expiry of the options contract. 
 
Contract Symbol: BFH 
 
Hedge Instrument: The delta hedge for the D3 RINs (OPIS) Average Price Option is the D3 RINs (OPIS) Future 
(RIN) 
 
Contract Size: 50,000 RINs 
 
Unit of Trading: Any multiple of 50,000 RINs 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per RIN 
 
Settlement Price Quotation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per RIN 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One hundredth of one cent ($0.0001) per RIN 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Option Type: Options are average priced and will be automatically exercised into the D3 RINs (OPIS) Future on 
the expiry day if they are "in the money". The Future resulting from exercise immediately goes to cash settlement 
relieving market participants of the need to concern themselves with liquidation or exercise issues. If an option is 
"out of the money" it will expire automatically. It is not permitted to exercise the option on any other day or in any 
other circumstances than the Last Trading Day. No manual exercise is permitted. 
 
Expiry: 19:30 London Time. 
 
Automatic exercise settings are pre-set to exercise contracts which are one minimum price fluctuation or more “in 
the money” with reference to the relevant reference price. Members cannot override automatic exercise settings or 
manually enter exercise instructions for this contract. 
 
The reference price will be a price in USD and cents per barrel equal to the average of the settlement prices of the 
D3 RINs (OPIS) Future for the contract month.  
 
The reference price will be a price in USD and cents per RIN equal to the Final Settlement price of the D3 RINs 
(OPIS) Future for the contract month.  
 
When exercised against, the Clearing House, at its discretion, selects sellers against which to exercise on a pro rata 
basis. 
 
Strike Price Intervals: A minimum of 20 Strike Prices in increments of $0.0001 per RIN above and below the at-
the-money Strike Price. Strike Price boundaries are adjusted according to futures price movements. User-defined 
Strike Prices are allowed in $0.0001 increments. 
 
Contract Series: Up to 60 consecutive months, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange 
 
Final Payment Dates: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading 
Day 
 
Business Days: Publication days for OPIS Ethanol and Biodiesel Information Service 
 


MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 


 
 
SUBCHAPTER 19G - PETROCHEMICALS 
 
 
 
19.G.1 
 Ethylene, OPIS PCW Mont Belvieu Enterprise Future  
19.G.2  
Ethylene, OPIS PCW Mont Belvieu Enterprise Balmo Future 
19.G.3  
Polymer Grade Propylene (PGP), OPIS PCW Mont Belvieu Future 
19.G.4     
Polymer Grade Propylene (PGP), OPIS PCW Mont Belvieu Balmo Future 
19.G.5    
Benzene, IHS MARKIT US Contract Price Future 
19.G.6     
Benzene, IHS MARKIT US Index Fixed Price Future 
19.G.7    
Ethylene Choctaw, IHS Future 
19.G.8    
Ethylene, I.C.I.S. CFR NE Asia Future 
19.G.9    
Ethylene, I.C.I.S. CFR SE Asia Future 
19.G.10 
Propylene, I.C.I.S. CFR NE Asia Future 
19.G.11 
Propylene, I.C.I.S. CFR SE Asia Future 
19.G.12 
Ethylene, I.C.I.S. FD NEW Future 
19.G.13 
Propylene Contract Price, I.C.I.S. FD NWE Future 
19.G.14 
Benzene Contract Price, I.C.I.S. FD NWE Future 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
19.G.1 ETHYLENE, OPIS PCW MONT BELVIEU ENTERPRISE FUTURE 
Product Name  
Ethylene, OPIS PCW Mont Belvieu Enterprise Future  
Contract Description  
A monthly cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices 
published by OPIS PetroChem Wire for the location specified in Reference 
Price A 
 
Contract Symbol 
 
ETH 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size  
100,000 pounds 
 
Currency  
US dollars and cents 
 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One thousandth of one cent ($0.00001) per pound 
Listing Cycle  
Up to 36 consecutive monthly contract months, or as otherwise determined by 
the Exchange. 
 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement  
Average of Reference Price A prices 
 
REFERENCE 
PRICE A  
MONOMERS–ETHYLENE FOB MT B Enterprise (EPC)–OPIS 
PETROCHEM WIRE 
a) Description  
"MONOMERS–ETHYLENE FOB MT B Enterprise (FOB)–OPIS 
PETROCHEM WIRE" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that 
day's Specified Price per pound of ethylene, stated in US Dollars, published 
under the heading "Closing Markets – Monomers – Ethylene MT B FOB 
EPC" in the issue of OPIS Petrochem Wire that reports prices effective on that 
Pricing Date 
 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price  
Price 
 
d) Pricing calendar  
OPIS PetroChem Wire 
 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19-see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
 
19.G.2 ETHYLENE, OPIS PCW MONT BELVIEU ENTERPRISE BALMO FUTURE 
Product Name  
Ethylene, OPIS PCW Mont Belvieu Enterprise Balmo Future  
Contract Description  
A balance of the month cash settled future based upon the average of the daily 
prices published by OPIS PetroChem Wire for the location specified in 
Reference Price A 
 
Contract Symbol 
 
ETG 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size  
100,000 pounds 
 
Currency  
US dollars and cents 
 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One thousandth of one cent ($0.00001) per pound 
Listing Cycle  
Up to 2 consecutive monthly contract months, or as otherwise determined by 
the Exchange. 
 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement  
Average of Reference Price A prices 
 
REFERENCE 
PRICE A  
MONOMERS–ETHYLENE FOB MT B Enterprise (EPC)–OPIS 
PETROCHEM WIRE 
a) Description  
"MONOMERS–ETHYLENE FOB MT B Enterprise (FOB)–OPIS 
PETROCHEM WIRE" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that 
day's Specified Price per pound of ethylene, stated in US Dollars, published 
under the heading "Closing Markets – Monomers – Ethylene MT B FOB 
EPC" in the issue of OPIS Petrochem Wire that reports prices effective on that 
Pricing Date 
 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price  
Price 
 
d) Pricing calendar  
OPIS PetroChem Wire 
 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19-see IFUS website 
 
 
 


 
 
19.G.3 POLYMER GRADE PROPYLENE (PGP), OPIS PCW MONT BELVIEU FUTURE 
Product Name  
Polymer Grade Propylene (PGP), OPIS PCW Mont Belvieu Future 
 
Contract Description  
A monthly cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices 
published by OPIS PetroChem Wire for the location specified in Reference 
Price A 
 
Contract Symbol 
 
PPL 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size  
100,000 pounds 
 
Currency  
US dollars and cents 
 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One thousandth of one cent ($0.00001) per pound 
Listing Cycle  
Up to 36 consecutive monthly contract months, or as otherwise determined by 
the Exchange. 
 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement  
Average of Reference Price A prices 
 
REFERENCE 
PRICE A  
MONOMERS–PGP FOB MT B EPC–OPIS PETROCHEM WIRE 
a) Description  
"MONOMERS–PGP FOB MT B EPC–OPIS PETROCHEM WIRE" means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per pound of 
polymer grade propylene, stated in US Dollars, published under the heading 
"Closing Markets – Monomers – PGP MT B FOB" in the issue of OPIS 
Petrochem Wire that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price  
Price 
 
d) Pricing calendar  
OPIS PetroChem Wire 
 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19-see IFUS website 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
19.G.4 POLYMER GRADE PROPYLENE (PGP), OPIS PCW MONT BELVIEU BALMO 
FUTURE 
Product Name  
Polymer Grade Propylene (PGP), OPIS PCW Mont Belvieu Balmo 
Future 
 
Contract Description  
A balance of the month cash settled future based upon the average of the daily 
prices published by OPIS PetroChem Wire for the location specified in 
Reference Price A 
Contract Symbol 
 
PPN 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size  
100,000 pounds 
 
Currency  
US dollars and cents 
 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One thousandth of one cent ($0.00001) per pound 
Listing Cycle  
Up to 2 consecutive monthly contract months, or as otherwise determined by 
the Exchange. 
 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement  
Average of Reference Price A prices 
 
REFERENCE 
PRICE A  
MONOMERS–PGP FOB MT B EPC–OPIS PETROCHEM WIRE 
a) Description  
"MONOMERS–PGP FOB MT B EPC–OPIS PETROCHEM WIRE" means 
that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per pound of 
polymer grade propylene, stated in US Dollars, published under the heading 
"Closing Markets – Monomers – PGP MT B FOB" in the issue of OPIS 
Petrochem Wire that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price  
Price 
 
d) Pricing calendar  
OPIS PetroChem Wire 
 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19-see IFUS website 
 
 
 
 


 
 
19.G.5 BENZENE, IHS MARKIT US CONTRACT PRICE FUTURE 
Product Name  
Benzene, IHS MARKIT US Contract Price Future 
 
Contract Description  
A cash settled future equal to the price published by IHS MARKIT for the 
location specified in Reference Price A 
 
Contract Symbol 
 
BUC 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size  
1,000 bbl 
 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price 
Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per gallon 
Settlement Price 
Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per gallon 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One cent ($0.01) per gallon 
Listing Cycle  
Up to 36 consecutive monthly contract months, or as otherwise determined by 
the Exchange. 
 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day prior to the contract month 
 
Final Settlement  
Reference Price A  
 
REFERENCE 
PRICE A  
MONOMERS - BENZENE US CP–IHS MARKIT  
a) Description  
"MONOMERS - BENZENE US CP–IHS MARKIT" means that the price for 
a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per gallon of benzene for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in US Dollars, published by IHS 
MARKIT under the heading "Closing Markets-Monomers-US Monthly 
Benzene Contract Price” in the issue of IHS MARKIT NORTH AMERICA 
AROMATICS REPORT that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date 
b) Pricing Date  
First business day of the contract month 
 
c) Specified Price  
Price 
 
d) Pricing calendar  
IHS MARKIT  
 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
 
Final Payment Date  
Three Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19-see IFUS website 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
19.G.6. BENZENE, IHS MARKIT US INDEX FIXED PRICE FUTURE 
Product Name  
Benzene, IHS MARKIT US Index Fixed Price Future 
 
Contract Description  
A monthly cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices 
published by IHS MARKIT for the location specified in Reference Price A 
 
Contract Symbol 
 
BUI 
Settlement Method  
Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size  
1,000 bbl 
 
Currency  
US Dollars and cents 
 
Trading Price 
Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per gallon 
Settlement Price 
Quotation 
One cent ($0.01) per gallon 
Minimum Price 
Fluctuation 
One cent ($0.01) per gallon 
Listing Cycle  
Up to 36 consecutive monthly contract months, or as otherwise determined by 
the Exchange. 
 
Last Trading Day  
Last trading day prior to the contract month 
 
Final Settlement  
Average of Reference Price A prices 
REFERENCE 
PRICE A  
MONOMERS - BENZENE US Index–IHS MARKIT  
a) Description  
"MONOMERS - BENZENE US Index–IHS MARKIT" means that the price 
for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per gallon of benzene for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, stated in US Dollars, published under the 
heading "Closing Markets – Monomers – Benzene DDP HTC" in the issue of 
IHS MARKIT that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date 
b) Pricing Date  
Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
 
c) Specified Price  
Price 
 
d) Pricing calendar  
IHS MARKIT 
 
e) Delivery Date  
Contract month 
 
Final Payment Date  
Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
Position Limits 
Specified in Table 2 to Chapter 19-see IFUS website 
 
 
 
 


 
 
19.G.7 Ethylene Choctaw, IHS Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices published by OPIS PCW 
for the location specified in Reference Price A. 
 
Contract Symbol: CVY 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 100,000 Pounds 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Min Price Flux: One thousandth of one cent ($0.00001) per pound; 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 72 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange. 
 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement: Average of Reference Price A prices 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: MONOMERS–ETHYLENE Choctaw FOB– OPIS PETROCHEM WIRE 
 
a) Description: "MONOMERS–ETHYLENE Choctaw FOB– OPIS PETROCHEM WIRE" means that 
the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per pound of ethylene, stated in US 
Dollars, published under the heading "Closing Markets – Monomers – Ethylene Choctaw FOB" in the 
issue of OPIS PETROCHEM WIRE that reports prices effective on that Pricing Date 
b) Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price: Average 
d) Pricing calendar: OPIS PETROCHEM WIRE 
e) Delivery Date: Contract month 
Final Payment Date: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 


 
 
19.G.8 Ethylene, I.C.I.S. CFR NE Asia Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices published by 
I.C.I.S for the location specified in reference price A 
 
Contract Symbol: EBN 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 100 metric tonnes 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One tenth of a cent ($0.001) 
per metric tonne; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type.  
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 36 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement: Average of Reference Price A prices 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: Ethylene, CFR NE Asia 
 
a) Description: “Ethylene, CFR NE Asia” means that the price for a pricing date will be that 
day’s specified price per metric tonne of ethylene for delivery on the delivery date, stated in 
US Dollars, published under the heading “Ethylene, CFR NE Asia in the issue of the I.C.I.S 
Ethylene Daily Asia that reports prices effective on that pricing date 
b) Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price: Price 
d) Pricing calendar: ICIS 
e) Delivery Date: Contract month 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
 
19.G.9 Ethylene, I.C.I.S. CFR SE Asia Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices published by 
I.C.I.S for the location specified in reference price A 
 
Contract Symbol: EBS 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 100 metric tonnes 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One tenth of a cent ($0.001) 
per metric tonne; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type.  
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 36 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement: Average of Reference Price A prices 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: Ethylene, CFR SE Asia 
 
a) Description: “Ethylene, CFR SE Asia” means that the price for a pricing date will be that 
day’s specified price per metric tonne of ethylene for delivery on the delivery date, stated in 
US Dollars, published under the heading “Ethylene, CFR SE Asia in the issue of the I.C.I.S 
Ethylene Daily Asia that reports prices effective on that pricing date 
b) Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price: Price 
d) Pricing calendar: ICIS 
e) Delivery Date: Contract month 
Final Payment Date: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
 
19.G.10 Propylene, I.C.I.S. CFR NE Asia Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices published by 
ICIS for the location specified in Reference Price A 
 
Contract Symbol: PNE 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 100 metric tonnes 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One tenth of a cent ($0.001) 
per metric tonne; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type.  
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 36 consecutive monthly contract months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement: Average of Reference Price A prices 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: Propylene, CFR NE Asia 
 
a) Description: “Propylene, CFR NE Asia” means that the price for a pricing date will be that 
day’s specified price per metric tonne of Propylene for delivery on the delivery date, stated in 
US Dollars, published under the heading “Propylene, CFR NE Asia in the issue of the I.C.I.S 
Propylene Daily Asia that reports prices effective on that pricing date 
b) Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price: Price 
d) Pricing calendar: ICIS 
e) Delivery Date: Contract month 
Final Payment Date: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trade Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 
 


 
 
19.G.11 Propylene, I.C.I.S. CFR SE Asia Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based upon the average of the daily prices published by 
ICIS for the location specified in Reference Price A 
 
Contract Symbol: PSE 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 100 metric tonnes 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall be One tenth of a cent ($0.001) 
per metric tonne; minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type.  
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 36 consecutive monthly contract months, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day of the contract month 
 
Final Settlement: Average of Reference Price A prices 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: Propylene, CFR SE Asia 
 
a) Description: “Propylene, CFR SE Asia” means that the price for a pricing date will be that 
day’s specified price per metric tonne of Propylene for delivery on the delivery date, stated in 
US Dollars, published under the heading “Propylene, CFR SE Asia in the issue of the I.C.I.S 
Propylene Daily Asia that reports prices effective on that pricing date 
b) Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
c) Specified Price: Price 
d) Pricing calendar: ICIS 
e) Delivery Date: Contract month 
Final Payment Date: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trade Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


 
 
19.G.12 Ethylene, I.C.I.S. FD NWE Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based upon the contract price published by I.C.I.S for the 
location specified in reference price A 
 
Contract Symbol: EFN 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 100 metric tonnes 
 
Currency: EUR 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall 0.1 Euro Cent per MT 
(€0.001/MT); minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type.  
 
Contract Series: Up to 36 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day prior to the contract month 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: Ethylene, FD NWE 
 
a) Description: “Contract Price, Ethylene, FD NWE” means that the price for a pricing date will 
be that day’s specified price per metric tonne of ethylene for delivery on the delivery date, 
stated in EURO, published under the heading “Contract Prices, Ethylene, FD NWE,” or any 
successor headings where the applicable prices are published, in the issue of the I.C.I.S 
Europe Ethylene Report that reports prices effective on that pricing date. 
 
b) Pricing Date: First business day of the contract month 
 
c) Pricing Date: Each day that prices are reported for the Delivery Date 
d) Specified Price: Price 
e) Pricing calendar: ICIS 
f) Delivery Date: Contract month 
Final Payment Date: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 


 
 
19.G.13 Propylene Contract Price, I.C.I.S. FD NWE Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based upon the contract price published by ICIS for the 
location specified in reference price A 
 
Contract Symbol: PRF 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 100 metric tonnes 
 
Currency: EUR 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall 0.1 EUR Cent per MT 
(€0.001/MT); minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type.  
 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 36 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange. 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day prior to the contract month. 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: Propylene Contract Price, FD NEW 
 
a) Description: “Contract Price, Propylene, FD NWE” means that the price for a pricing date 
will be that day’s specified price per metric tonne of Propylene for delivery on the delivery 
date, stated in EUR, published under the heading “Contract Prices, Propylene, FD NWE,” or 
any successor headings where the applicable prices are published, in the issue of the ICIS 
Europe Propylene Report that reports prices effective on that pricing date. 
b) Pricing Date: First business day of the contract month 
c) Specified Price: Price 
d) Pricing Calendar: ICIS 
e) Delivery Date: Contract month 
Final Payment Date: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 
 


 
 
19.G.14 Benzene Contract Price, I.C.I.S. FD NWE Future 
 
Description: A monthly cash settled future based upon the contract price published by ICIS for the 
location specified in reference price A 
 
Contract Symbol: BZF 
 
Settlement Method: Cash settlement 
 
Contract Size: 100 metric tonnes 
 
Currency: US Dollars and cents 
 
Minimum Price Fluctuation: The price quotation convention shall 0.1 USD Cent per MT 
($0.001/MT); minimum price fluctuation may vary by trade type. 
 
Listing Cycle: Up to 36 consecutive monthly Contract Periods, or as otherwise determined by the 
Exchange 
 
Last Trading Day: Last Trading Day prior to the contract month. 
 
Final Settlement: Reference Price A 
 
REFERENCE PRICE A: Benzene Contract Price, FD NEW 
 
a) Description: “Contract Price, Benzene, FD NWE” means that the price for a pricing date will 
be that day’s specified price per metric tonne of benzene for delivery on the delivery date, 
stated in USD, published under the heading “Contract Prices, Benzene, FD NWE,” or any 
successor headings where the applicable prices are published, in the issue of the ICIS Europe 
Benzene Report that reports prices effective on that pricing date. 
b) Pricing Date: First business day of the contract month 
c) Specified Price: Price 
d) Pricing Calendar: ICIS 
e) Delivery Date: Contract month 
Final Payment Date: Two Clearing House Business Days following the Last Trading Day 
 
MIC Code: IFED 
 
Clearing Venue: ICEU 
 
 


20-1
ICE Futures U.S.®, Inc.
ARBITRATION RULES
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Rule
Subject
20.00
Quorum and Disqualification
20.01
Definitions
20.02
Jurisdiction
20.03
Procedure
20.04
Withdrawal of Claims
20.05
Modification of Award
20.06
Compensation of Arbitrators
20.07
Punitive Damages
20.08
Failure to Comply with Award


20-2
ICE FUTURES U.S.®, INC.
ARBITRATION RULES
Rule 20.00. Quorum and Disqualification
(a) An individual shall be disqualified from taking any action as a member of the Arbitration
Committee or as an arbitrator prescribed in the Arbitration Rules if such individual or an Affiliated Firm
has an interest in the Claim or dispute. Any member of the Arbitration Committee may disqualify himself
for any reason he deems appropriate. Each member of the Arbitration Committee or arbitrator appointed
to hear and determine a Claim or grievance shall conduct himself in a manner consistent with the
ABA/American Arbitration Association's "Code of Ethics for Arbitrators in Commercial Disputes" and
shall disclose to the Chairman of the Arbitration Committee, who shall thereafter advise the parties to the
arbitration, at any stage of the arbitration, any past or present, direct or indirect financial, business,
professional, family or social relationship which is likely to affect an appearance or which might
reasonably create an appearance of partiality or bias.
(b) If the Chairman of the Arbitration Committee is disqualified or is unavailable, the Vice Chairman
of the Arbitration Committee shall act as Chairman. If both the Chairman and the Vice Chairman of the
Arbitration Committee are disqualified or are unavailable, the Chairman of the Board of Directors shall
appoint another member of the Arbitration Committee to act as Chairman.
(c) The lesser of a majority or three (3) members of the Arbitration Committee shall constitute a
quorum for the transaction of business. Any action taken by a vote of the majority of the Arbitration
Committee members present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be deemed to be a valid
action of the Arbitration Committee.
Rule 20.01. Definitions
Unless otherwise indicated, the following terms shall, for the purposes of these Arbitration Rules,
have the following meanings:
(a) "Claims or grievance" shall mean any dispute which arises out of any Transaction on or subject to
the Rules executed by or effected through a Member or any employee of such Member, which dispute
does not require for adjudication the presence of essential witnesses or third (3rd) parties over whom the
Exchange does not have jurisdiction or who are otherwise not available. The term "Claim or grievance"
shall not include disputes arising from cash market transactions which are not a part of, or directly
connected with, any Transaction.
(b) "Customer" shall mean any Person with a Claim or grievance against a Member or any employee
of such Member; provided, however, that it shall not include Members.
(c) "Claimant" shall mean a Person who asserts a Claim pursuant to these Arbitration Rules.
(d) "Respondent" shall mean a Person against whom a Claim is asserted pursuant to these Arbitration
Rules.
(e) "Contract market" shall mean an exchange designated by the Commodity Futures Trading
Commission as a contract market under the Commodity Exchange Act.
(f) "Allowable Claim" shall mean a Claim for losses arising directly from (i) any order or Transaction
for the purchase, sale, exercise or expiration of an Exchange Futures Contract or Exchange Option, (ii)
any cash market transaction which is part of, or directly connected with, any Transaction, (iii) any
documented loan made to a Member by his Clearing Member guarantor for the express purpose of
acquiring a Membership, (iv) any dispute concerning the purchase, sale, transfer or ownership of a


20-3
Membership and (v) the performance of the Clearing Member guarantor’s obligations pursuant to the
terms of its Guaranty Agreement. An Allowable Claim shall not include legal or other incidental expenses
incurred in connection with any such losses or with the events giving rise to any such losses.
Amended by the Board March 8, 2007; effective March 12, 2007 [¶ (f)].
Rule 20.02. Jurisdiction
(a) Any Claim or grievance by a Customer against a Member, or any employee thereof, shall, if the
Customer so elects, be settled by arbitration in accordance with these Arbitration Rules. If such a Claim
or grievance is made, any counterclaim permissible under subparagraph (a)(ii) of Rule 20.03 of these
Arbitration Rules shall, if asserted by such Member or employee thereof, likewise be settled by arbitration
in accordance with these Arbitration Rules.
(b) Any Allowable Claim by a Member against another Member, whether originating before or during
the period of time that the parties are Members, shall be settled by arbitration in accordance with these
Arbitration Rules. If such an Allowable Claim is made, any Allowable Claim which may be asserted as a
counter-claim under subparagraph (a)(ii) of Rule 20.03 shall likewise be settled by arbitration in
accordance with these Arbitration Rules. Arbitration proceedings invoked pursuant to this paragraph shall
be independent of, and shall not interfere with or delay the resolution of Customers' Claims and
grievances submitted for arbitration pursuant to paragraph (a).
(c) All other disputes or controversies, regardless of their nature, between or among any two (2) or
more parties, shall, if agreed to by all parties involved, be settled by arbitration in accordance with these
Arbitration Rules. Arbitration proceedings invoked pursuant to this paragraph shall be independent of,
and shall not interfere with or delay the resolution of Customers' Claims and grievances submitted for
arbitration pursuant to paragraph (a).
(d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Panel or, in the absence of a Panel, any three (3) members of
the Arbitration Committee appointed by the Chairman of the Arbitration Committee, in its sole and
absolute discretion, may decline to take jurisdiction of, or, having taken jurisdiction may at any time
decline to proceed further with, any Claim or grievance or any other dispute, controversy or counterclaim,
other than such as may be asserted under paragraph (a) of this Rule.
Rule 20.03. Procedure
(a) Claims Asserted Pursuant to Rules 20.02(a) and (b).
(i) A Person desiring to invoke the provisions of this paragraph (a) shall, within two (2) years from
the time the Claim or grievance arose, file with the Exchange a Notice of Arbitration. The Notice of
Arbitration shall set forth the name and address of the party or parties against whom the Claim or
grievance is being asserted, the nature and substance of the Claim or grievance, the relief requested and
the factual and legal bases alleged to underlie such relief. In the event of a Notice of Arbitration submitted
by a Customer, such Notice of Arbitration shall indicate whether the Customer elects to have the Claim or
grievance heard and determined by a Mixed Panel, as provided in subparagraph (a)(iii) of this Rule.
Failure to so indicate will be deemed a waiver of such election.
The Notice of Arbitration shall be accompanied by the Claimant's non-refundable check payable to
the Exchange in payment of the arbitration fee. The amount of the fee shall be determined by the amount
of the relief requested in the Notice of Arbitration, as follows:
Relief Requested
Amount of Fee
Up to $5,000
3% (minimum $100)
$5,001 to $10,000
$150, plus 2% of excess over $5,000
$10,001 to $15,000
$250, plus 1% of excess over $10,000


20-4
$15,001 to $100,000
$300, plus 1% of excess over $15,000
$100,001 and above
$1,150, plus 1/2% of excess over $100,000
(ii) Upon receipt, the Exchange shall promptly deliver a copy of the Notice of Arbitration to each
Respondent and to the Chairman of the Arbitration Committee. Each Respondent shall, within twenty
(20) days following the delivery of such Notice, file an Answering Statement with the Exchange, with a
copy to the Claimant, setting forth its or his position with respect to the Claimant's Claim or grievance.
Any allegation in the Notice of Arbitration not denied by a Respondent in its or his Answering Statement
shall be deemed admitted.
The Answering Statement may set forth one (1) or more counterclaims against the Claimant provided
that any such counterclaims (A) arise out of the Transaction or occurrence that is the subject of the
Claimant's claim or grievance and (B) do not require for adjudication the presence of essential witnesses,
parties or third (3rd) Persons over which the Exchange does not have jurisdiction. Other counterclaims are
permissible only if the Claimant agrees to the submission thereof after such counterclaims have arisen.
If an Answering Statement sets forth one (1) or more counterclaims, the Claimant shall reply to such
counterclaims within twenty (20) days following delivery of the Respondent's Answering Statement. The
Reply shall be filed with the Exchange, with a copy to the Respondent involved.
(iii) The Chairman of the Arbitration Committee, promptly after receipt by the Exchange of the
Answering Statement, shall appoint a Panel of disinterested Persons to hear and determine the Claim or
grievance, selecting one (1) as the Chairman of the Panel. If the amount of relief requested is more than or
equal to five thousand dollars ($5,000), the Panel shall be composed of three (3) or more individuals. If
the amount of relief requested is less than five thousand ($5,000), a sole arbitrator may be appointed by
the Chairman of the Arbitration Committee in accordance with subparagraph (a)(viii) of the Rule. In a
case where a Customer has, in his Notice of Arbitration, elected a Mixed Panel, at least a majority of the
Persons selected shall not be Members or associated with any Member of a contract market, or any
employee thereof, or otherwise associated with a contract market. Promptly following such appointment,
the Exchange shall forward copies of the Notice of Arbitration Answering Statement and Reply, if there
be one, to the Panel members selected.
(iv) The Exchange shall notify the parties of the appointment of the members of the Panel. Any party
objecting to all or any members of the Panel shall file such objection with the Chairman of the Arbitration
Committee within ten (10) days of the giving of such notice by the Exchange. The Chairman of the
Arbitration Committee shall then determine whether changes in the composition of the Panel are
appropriate, and if so, shall make such changes. Any vacancy occurring on the Panel for any reason shall
be filled by an individual appointed by the Chairman of the Arbitration Committee. The parties shall be
notified of the filling of such vacancy and may file objections to the new appointee to the Panel in
accordance with the procedure set forth above.
(v)(A) The parties shall, within a time specified by the Chairman of the Panel, furnish each other and
the Panel with a statement listing the witnesses expected to be called and the documents expected to
be introduced into evidence, together with copies of such documents. Unless the Panel waives
compliance with this requirement, no witness may testify and no documentary evidence may be
introduced at the hearing unless listed in (and, in the case of documents, furnished with) such
statement.
(B) After the exchange of documents, any party may notify another party and the Chairman of the
Panel of any pertinent documents and information it seeks from such other party that were not
provided as part of the document exchange.
The other party has five (5) days to provide the
requested documents or information or object to their production. Any objection to a request for
the production of documents or other information shall be resolved by the Chairman of the Panel, or
his designee.


20-5
(vi) The Panel shall establish, on not less than ten (10) days' written notice to the parties, the date,
time and place of the hearing. Each Panel shall determine the procedures to be followed in any hearing
before it, including the use of preliminary hearings to resolve discovery disputes, simplify the issues, and
expedite the hearings, except that the following shall apply in every case:
(A) Each of the parties shall be entitled to appear personally at the hearing
(B) Each of the parties, at his own expense, shall have the right to be represented by counsel in any
aspect of the proceeding.
(C) Each of the parties shall be entitled to (1) prepare and present all relevant facts in support of the
Claims and grievances, defenses or counterclaims, and to present rebuttal evidence to such Claims or
grievances, defenses or counterclaims made by the other parties, (2) examine the other parties, (3)
examine any witnesses appearing at the hearing, and (4) examine all relevant documents presented in
connection with the Claim or grievance, or any defense or counterclaim applicable thereto.
(D) The formal rules of evidence shall not apply.
(E) No verbatim record shall be made of the proceedings, unless requested by a party who shall
bear the cost of such record. If such a request is made, a stenographic transcript shall be taken, but not
transcribed unless requested by a party who shall bear the cost of such transcription.
(F) Ex parte contacts by any of the parties with members of the Panel shall not be permitted.
(G) The Panel shall have the power, on the request of any party or on its own motion, to require any
Person to testify and/or to produce documentary evidence in the proceedings as and to the extent
provided for in Rule 21.04.
(vii) The Panel shall, within sixty (60) days of the termination of the hearing, render its award in
writing and deliver a copy thereof either in person or by first-class mail to each of the parties. The Panel,
in its award, may grant any remedy or relief which it deems just and equitable, including, without
limitation, the awarding of interest and the arbitration fee; provided, however, that any costs incurred as a
result of having a Mixed Panel shall be born by the Member unless the Panel determines that the
Customer acted in bad faith in initiating or conducting the proceeding. Further, in any case wherein it is
alleged that the Claim or grievance arose from a violation of the Rules in the execution of a Customer
order on the Floor of the Exchange and the Panel determines that such violation occurred, the Panel may
award the Customer the actual damages proximately caused by said violation. The award of the Panel
shall be final and binding upon each of the parties to the arbitration, and judgment upon such award may
be entered by any court having jurisdiction. Any Member who is a Respondent in an arbitration
conducted pursuant to the Rules shall notify the Assistant Corporate Secretary of the Exchange of any
judicial proceeding based on the award. In addition, any award, if not complied with within the time
specified in the award, shall be enforceable by disciplinary proceedings pursuant to Rules.
(viii) Notwithstanding any other provision of this paragraph (a), including the right of a Customer to
elect a Mixed Panel pursuant to Rule 20.03(a)(iii), if a Notice of Arbitration sets forth Claims or
grievances aggregating less than five thousand dollars ($5,000), and the Answering Statement submitted
by the Respondent either does not raise counterclaims or raises one (1) or more counterclaims aggregating
less than five thousand dollars ($5,000), the Chairman of the Arbitration Committee may, on the request
of any party or on his own motion, in his sole and absolute discretion, decide that there shall not be a
hearing, in which case the following procedures shall apply:
(A) The Chairman of the Arbitration Committee shall notify both parties that neither the Claims or
grievances nor the counterclaims, if any, aggregate to five thousand dollars ($5,000).
(B) The Claimant shall, within twenty (20) days of such notification, submit to the Exchange with a
copy to each of the Respondents, a memorandum (together with such supporting documents,


20-6
affidavits and other materials as the Claimant deems pertinent) setting forth the bases upon which he
believes he is entitled to the relief requested in the Notice of Arbitration.
(C) Each Respondent shall, within twenty (20) days of its or his receipt of the Claimant's
memorandum and supporting documentation, submit to the Exchange, with a copy to the Claimant, a
memorandum (together with such supporting documents, affidavits and other materials as the
respondent deems pertinent) setting forth the bases upon which he believes that the relief requested by
the Claimant should be denied and, if said Respondent has raised counterclaims in his Answering
Statement, the bases upon which he believes he is entitled to the relief requested by such
counterclaims.
(D) The Chairman of the Arbitration Committee may, on the request of any party or on his own
motion, in his sole and absolute discretion determine whether to allow or require the submission of
reply or additional papers, unless a Respondent has asserted one (1) or more counterclaims, in which
case the Claimant shall be entitled to reply to such counterclaims within ten (10) days of delivery of
the Respondent's memorandum setting forth the bases thereof.
(E) The Chairman of the Arbitration Committee or his designee, acting as sole arbitrator, shall,
within thirty (30) days of his receipt of the final papers filed, render an award in writing and deliver a
copy thereof either in person or by first-class mail to each of the parties. The sole arbitrator in his
award may grant any remedy or relief which he deems just and equitable, including, without
limitation, the awarding of interest and the arbitration fee; provided, however, that any costs incurred
as a result of a Customer requesting a Mixed Panel shall be borne by the Member unless the sole
arbitrator determines that the Customer acted in bad faith in initiating or conducting the proceeding.
Further, in any case wherein it is alleged that the Claim or grievance arose from a violation of the
Rules in the execution of a Customer order on the Floor of the Exchange and the sole arbitrator
determines that such a violation occurred, the sole arbitrator may award the Customer the actual
damages proximately caused by said violation. The decision of the sole arbitrator shall be final and
binding upon each of the parties to the arbitration, and judgment upon such award may be entered by
any court having jurisdiction. In addition, any award, if not complied with within the time specified in
the award, shall be enforceable by disciplinary proceedings pursuant to the Rules.
(ix) The failure of any party to an arbitration to comply with any of the requirements of this paragraph
(a), or with any demand or request of either the Panel, the sole arbitrator or the Chairman of the
Arbitration Committee shall be deemed a violation of the Rules and shall, in addition to any other action
the Exchange may take for any such violation, subject such party to such action by the Panel, the sole
arbitrator or the Chairman of the Arbitration Committee (including without limitation the entry of an
award against such party) as it or he shall deem appropriate under the circumstances.
(x) Notwithstanding the provisions of subparagraph (x) of this paragraph (a), either the Panel, the sole
arbitrator or the Chairman of the Arbitration Committee, may for good cause shown extend any time
limitation imposed by this paragraph (a) (except the two (2) year and the thirty (30) day limitation periods
set forth in subparagraph (a)(i)) or may excuse any neglect to comply therewith or with any other
requirement of this paragraph (a) or demand or request of the Panel, the sole arbitrator or the Chairman of
the Arbitration Committee.
(b) Other Claims Asserted Pursuant to Rule 20.02(c).
(i) Any dispute or controversy between or among any two (2) or more parties may, if all of the parties
to such dispute or controversy so agree, be settled by arbitration in accordance with this paragraph (b).
Such dispute or controversy shall be heard and determined in accordance with the procedures set forth in
paragraph (a) of this Rule, except for the following:
(A) In lieu of the procedure set forth in the first sentence of subparagraph (i) of paragraph (a), the
provisions of this paragraph (b) shall be invoked by the submission by all of the parties concerned of


20-7
an agreement to submit the dispute or controversy to arbitration in accordance with this paragraph (b)
and to be bound by the award of the arbitrators. Following such submission, the Exchange shall
forward to the party requesting relief the information set forth in subparagraph (i) of paragraph (a) of
this Rule, whereupon all of the other procedures set forth in said subparagraph (i) of paragraph (a)
shall apply.
(B) None of the limitations on counterclaims set forth in subparagraph (ii) of paragraph (a) shall
apply.
Amended by the Board September 10, 2008; effective September 15, 2008 [¶¶ (a)(iii) and (v)(A) and (B)].
Rule 20.04. Withdrawal of Claims
Any Notice of Arbitration may be withdrawn at any time before an Answering Statement is filed in
accordance with these Rules.
If an Answering Statement has been filed, any withdrawal shall require consent of the party against
which the Claim or grievance is asserted.
Rule 20.05. Modification of Award
On written application to the Assistant Corporate Secretary of the Exchange by a party to an
arbitration, within twenty (20) days after delivery of the award to the applicant, the Panel or sole
arbitrator may modify the award if:
(1) there was a miscalculation of figures or a mistake in the description of any Person, thing, or
property referred to in the award; or
(2) the Panel or sole arbitrator has awarded upon a matter not submitted to it and the award may be
corrected without affecting the merits of the decision upon the issues submitted; or
(3) the award is imperfect in a matter of form, not affecting the merits of the controversy.
Written notice of the application shall be given to the other parties to the arbitration. Written
objection to the modification must be served on the Exchange and the other parties to the arbitration
within ten (10) days of receipt of the application. The Panel or sole arbitrator shall dispose of any
application made under this Rule in writing, signed and acknowledged by the Panel or sole arbitrator,
within thirty (30) days after either written objection to the modification has been served on it or the time
for serving said objection has expired, whichever is earlier. The parties may in writing extend the time for
such disposition either before or after its expiration.
Rule 20.06. Compensation of Arbitrators
The parties to an arbitration shall pay the arbitrators appointed in each matter compensation in
accordance with such fee schedule as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine. The
arbitrators in each such matters shall determine the proportion in which such compensation shall be paid
by each of the parties.
Rule 20.07. Punitive Damages
In the case of a Claim or grievance arising from a violation of the Rules in the execution of a
Customer order on the Floor of the Exchange wherein it is determined by the Panel or the sole arbitrator
that the violation was willful and intentional, punitive damages may be awarded the Customer in an
amount equal to no more than two (2) times the amount of actual damages proximately caused by the
violation.


20-8
Rule 20.08. Failure to Comply With Award
(a) Any Member in whose favor an award has been rendered pursuant to this Chapter shall promptly
notify the Assistant Corporate Secretary of the Exchange, in writing, if the award is not complied with.
Any Member, who fails to comply with the terms of an award rendered against such Member, shall be
subject to the procedures set forth in this Rule.
Specifically, upon receipt of a notice or information
indicating that a Member has failed to comply with the terms of an award rendered against such Member,
the Exchange shall notify such Member against whom or which the award was rendered of the
Exchange's intention to suspend his or its privileges as a Member and afford the Member an opportunity
to be heard by a panel of the Arbitration Committee appointed by the Chairman for the sole purpose of
proving that the award has been satisfied, provided that the Secretary of the Exchange receives a written
request from the Member for such a hearing within five (5) Business Days after receipt of such notice by
the Member. Failure to so request such a hearing shall be deemed an acknowledgment by the Member
that the award has not been complied with. Any such hearing shall be conducted in accordance with such
procedures as the Panel shall determine. The Panel shall consist of no less than three (3) members of the
Arbitration Committee. Following any such hearing, the Panel shall determine whether the Member has
failed to timely satisfy the award and shall promptly advise the Exchange, and all parties in the
proceeding, of its determination.
(b) If the Panel shall find, or if a Member shall acknowledge that he or it has failed to comply with
any award rendered pursuant to this Chapter when and as provided by such award, the Member shall be
automatically suspended and shall remain suspended until the award is complied with and the suspended
Member is reinstated, as provided in Rule 21.35.
(c) If a Member suspended pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Rule fails to comply with the arbitration
award upon which such suspension was based within thirty (30) days following the effective date of the
suspension:
(i) the Member shall be expelled or, in the case of a Member Firm, member privileges terminated;
and
(ii) his Membership and Required Shares, if any, or in the case of a Member Firm, the
Memberships and Required Shares of the Conferring Members, sold and the proceeds paid and
applied as provided in Rule 21.36.


21-1 
 
ICE Futures U.S.®, Inc. 
 
 DISCIPLINARY RULES  
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Rule 
Subject 
 
21.00 
Definitions 
21.01 
Jurisdiction 
21.02 
Market Regulation Staff — Powers and Duties 
21.03 
The Business Conduct Committee 
21.04 
Power to Compel Testimony and Production of Documents 
21.05 
Notice of Charges 
21.06 
Answer; Request for Hearing; Failure to Answer or Deny 
Charges 
21.07 
Reply 
21.08 
Selection of Hearing Panel 
21.09 
Challenge to Members of the Hearing Panel 
21.10 
Hearing on Penalty in the Event of Failure to Deny Charges; 
Failure to Request Hearing Deemed Acceptance of Penalty 
21.11 
Settlement Prior to Commencement of Hearing 
21.12 
Hearing Procedures 
21.13 
Written Decision of Hearing Panel 
 
21.14 
Liability for Expenses 
21.15 
Extension of Time Limits  
21.16 
Penalties 
21.17 
Effective Date of Penalties 
21.18 
Publication and Written Notice of Disciplinary Action 
21.19 
Duty to Report 
21.20 
Summary Suspension 
21.21 
Action Concerning a Financial Emergency 
21.22 
Notice to Member 
21.23 
Hearing  
21.24 
Decision 
 
  
 


21-2 
ICE FUTURES U.S.®, INC. 
DISCIPLINARY RULES 
Rule 21.00. Definitions 
For the purposes of this Chapter, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 
(a) Business Conduct Committee 
The term “Business Conduct Committee” (“BCC”) shall refer to the committee designated by 
Rule 3.06 and having the powers and duties specified in Rule 21.03.  
(b) Emergency Event 
The term "Emergency Event" shall mean, with respect to any Member: 
(i) the filing of a petition, answer or other document, or the taking of any other action, by a 
Member with respect to itself, or against such Member, seeking a liquidation, arrangement, 
reorganization or other or similar relief under the provisions of the Federal Bankruptcy Act or 
of any other state or federal law for the relief of insolvent debtors; 
(ii) the dissolution of such Member; 
(iii) the insolvency (as defined under any applicable state or federal law) of such Member; 
(iv) the failure of such Member to meet the applicable financial requirements of the 
Exchange, the Clearing Organization or any governmental agency or self-regulatory body; 
(v) the failure of such Member to meet when due any Margin call issued by any Clearing 
Organization or other Person, the default by such Member under any Commodity Contracts 
on this or any other exchange, or the failure or inability for financial reasons of such Member 
to comply with any of his contracts; or 
(vi) the imposition of any injunction or other restraint by any government agency, court or 
arbitrator which may affect the ability of such Member to perform its contracts or otherwise 
to engage in business. 
(c) Financial Emergency 
The term "Financial Emergency" shall mean, with respect to any Member, any situation in 
which the financial or operational condition of such Member, or the business conduct of such 
Member, is such that it would not be in the best interests of the marketplace for such Member to 
continue in business on the Exchange. 
(d) Marketplace 
The term "marketplace" shall mean the Exchange, its Members, or any market on which 
commodities underlying Commodity Contracts are traded. 
(e) Public Committee Member 
 
The term “Public Committee Member” shall mean an individual who would qualify as a 
public director as that term is defined in CFTC Regulations. 
 
Amended by the Board September 20, 2012; effective October 17, 2012. 
 
 


21-3 
(f) Respondent 
The term "Respondent" shall mean a Person who is the subject of a disciplinary proceeding 
commenced in accordance with this Chapter. 
Amended by the Board March 17, 2010; effective March 22, 2010 [¶¶ (e) through (g)]. 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2023; effective July 20, 2023 [¶¶ (a) through (f)]. 
Rule 21.01. Jurisdiction 
 
(a) The Market Regulation Department shall have the authority to initiate and conduct 
investigations and to prosecute Rule violations committed by any Person subject to Rule 4.00.  
 
(b) Service to a Person shall be made in a manner which the Chief Regulatory Officer or 
his designee reasonably believes, in good faith, will achieve actual notice. 
 
Amended by the Board August 3, 2012; effective August 20, 2012 [¶¶ (a) and (c)]. 
Amended by the Board March 18, 2020; effective March 23, 2020 [¶ (c)]. 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2023; effective July 20, 2023 [¶¶ (a) and (b)] 
 
Rule 21.02. Market Regulation Staff — Powers and Duties 
 
(a) The Market Regulation staff of the Exchange shall consist of Exchange employees, 
including officers, and such other individuals as the Exchange may hire on a contract basis. 
 
(b) The Market Regulation staff shall conduct investigations of possible violations of the 
Rules, prepare reports respecting such investigations, furnish such reports to the BCC when 
applicable, and conduct the prosecution of such violations. 
 
(c) The Market Regulation staff shall provide the Respondent with a copy of the investigation 
report no less than fifteen (15) Business Days prior to the meeting of a subcommittee of the BCC. 
The investigation report submitted to the Respondent shall exclude information that Market 
Regulation staff deems appropriate, including but not limited to, third party information and 
investigatory techniques and methods.      
 
(d) If, in any case, the Chief Regulatory Officer concludes that a Rule violation may have 
occurred, such officer may: 
 
 
(i)   refer the matter to a subcommittee of the BCC for disciplinary action; 
 
(ii)  issue a warning letter to the Respondent informing them that there may have been a Rule 
violation and that such continued activity may result in disciplinary sanctions; such warning 
letter is neither a penalty nor a finding of a violation, provided the warning letter is not issued 
more than once per 12-month cycle for the same rule violation; or 
 
(iii)  negotiate and enter into a written settlement agreement with the Respondent, subject to 
the presentation and approval of such settlement agreement to a subcommittee of the BCC in 
accordance with Rule 21.03(e)(i), whereby the Respondent, with or without admitting guilt, 
may agree to any of the penalties set forth in Rule 21.16. 
 
 


21-4 
(e) Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph (d) of this Rule, the Chief Regulatory 
Officer or his designee may impose a summary fine of no more than twenty-five thousand dollars 
($25,000) upon a Respondent in any case in which it is concluded that there has been a violation 
of: 
 
(i) any record keeping rule; 
(ii) Rule 4.02(c) by executing trades between the accounts of affiliated entities to 
effect a position transfer (Wash Trade FAQ #11); or by failing to comply with the 
Exchange’s requirements for block or EFRP transactions between affiliated entities 
(Wash Trade FAQ #15).”   
(iii)Rule 4.02(g)(2), (3), (4) or (5); 
(iv) Rule 4.02(k)(2)(A) or (D) 
(v) Rule 4.07 (a), (b) or (c); 
(vi) Rule 6.15; 
(vii) Rule 2.22 or Rule 18.05(a) or (d); 
(viii) Rule 4.37; 
(ix) Rule 4.15(a), (b) or (c); 
(x) Rule 21.04, by failing to produce documents, books or records, within 
the time period prescribed by the Exchange; 
(xi) Rule 4.19; or 
(xii) Appendix III to Chapter 4. 
 
The authority to impose such summary fine does not limit the Chief Regulatory Officer’s 
authority to refer the matter to the BCC instead of imposing such sanction. A summary fine 
imposed in accordance with this paragraph shall become final and effective and payment shall 
become effective fifteen (15) calendar days after receipt. A Respondent may not merely contest 
the issuance of a summary fine but may present new evidence to the Market Regulation 
Department to request the summary fine be rescinded or reduced during the fifteen (15) 
calendar day period until the fine has become effective. The decision to cancel, modify or 
affirm a summary fine imposed in accordance with this paragraph shall be made at the sole and 
absolute discretion of the Chief Regulatory Officer or his designee. 
 
(f) The Chief Regulatory Officer or his designee, upon a good faith determination that 
there are substantial reasons to believe that immediate action is necessary to protect the best 
interests of the Exchange, may order that any Person be denied access to any or all Exchange 
Markets and/or denied access to the Exchange’s electronic trading system for a period not to 
exceed 180 days. Notice shall promptly be given to the Person subject to the access denial. Such 
notice shall state the reasons for the denial, the effective date, time and the duration of the denial 
and advise the Person of their right to an expedited hearing before the Exchange’s BCC in 
accordance with the procedures set forth in Rule 21.03(h) by filing a request with the Chief 
Regulatory Officer within 10 Business Days after receiving the notice.                                  
Amended by the Board November 14, 2007; effective November 19, 2007 [¶ (e)]. 
Amended by the Board May 1, 2008; effective May 13, 2008 [¶ (e)]. 
Amended by the Board September 17, 2009; effective September 21, 2009 [¶(e)]. 
Amended by the Board June 13, 2012; effective July 9, 2012 [¶¶ (e)(i) through (e)(iv)]. 
Amended by the Board September 20, 2012; effective October 17, 2012 [¶ (f)]. 
Amended by the Board December 10, 2013; effective January 28, 2014 [¶ (e)]. 
Amended by the Board April 9, 2014; effective May 7, 2014 [¶ (e)]. 


21-5 
Amended by the Board September 10, 2014; effective October 2, 2014 [¶ (e)(vi)]. 
Amended by the Board July 15, 2015; effective August 17, 2015 [¶ (d)(ii)(2)]. 
Amended by the Board March 24, 2016; effective April 12, 2016 [¶ (e)(i)]. 
Amended by the Board December 2, 2016; effective December 19, 2016 [¶ (e)(v)]. 
Amended by the Board March 23, 2017; effective April 11, 2017 [¶(e)]. 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2018; effective April 23, 2018 [¶¶ (e)(iii)]. 
Amended by the Board June 21, 2018; effective July 13, 2018 [¶¶(e)(ii)] 
Amended by the Board March 18, 2020; effective March 23, 2020 [¶¶ (d), (e) and (f)]. 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2022; effective August 12, 2022 [¶¶ (e)(vii), (e)(x) and (e)(xi)]. 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2023; effective July 20, 2023 [¶¶ (a) through (f)]. 
 
Rule 21.03. The Business Conduct Committee 
(a) The BCC shall have such powers and perform such duties as are specified by the 
Board or in the Rules. 
 
(b) The BCC shall act through a subcommittee chaired by a Public Committee Member. 
Each subcommittee shall be comprised of no less than five (5) individuals, such that at least two 
are Members or employees of Member Firms and at least two (2) are not Members or employees 
of Member Firms. Three (3) subcommittee members shall constitute a quorum so long as the 
subcommittee chair and at least one (1) Member or employee of a Member Firm is in attendance. 
Any committee member who has previously participated in a matter pursuant to paragraph (h) of 
this Rule shall be disqualified from serving on a subcommittee hearing such matter. 
 
(c) The BCC shall periodically receive and review the investigation reports concerning 
possible Rule violations reported by the Market Regulation staff pursuant to Rule 21.02(b). 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Rule, the BCC may refer or return a matter to 
Market Regulation staff with instructions for additional action prior to review. 
 
(d) Respondent shall have an opportunity to submit written comments regarding the 
alleged conduct and/or rule violations noted in the report. Any written comments received from 
the Respondent shall be furnished to the subcommittee prior to or at the time of the meeting, 
depending on the date on which Respondent’s comments are received by the Market Regulation 
staff. In addition, at the time of the initial review of an investigative report the Respondent named 
in the investigative report shall have an opportunity to appear and present evidence before the 
subcommittee. Such a presentation shall be conducted informally with no transcript taken. Ex 
parte contacts by the Respondent with members of the subcommittee are prohibited.        
 
(e)  In any case where a subcommittee of the BCC concludes that a Rule violation may 
have occurred, the Market Regulation staff shall be authorized to issue a Notice of Charges 
pursuant to Rule 21.05 and commence a formal hearing. In addition, such subcommittee shall 
advise the Respondent of that fact and may resolve the matter by negotiating, entering into or 
approving a written settlement agreement with the Respondent whereby the Respondent, with or 
without admitting guilt, may agree to any of the penalties set forth in Rule 21.16. 
 
 


21-6 
(f)(i)  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Chapter, a Respondent that fails to 
appear at the BCC meeting shall forfeit the right to contest the facts set forth in the 
investigation report if,  prior to such BCC meeting the Respondent also: (A) failed to 
participate or advise the Market Regulation Department, in writing, of an intent to participate 
in the disciplinary process set forth in this chapter; or (B) advised the Market Regulation 
Department that the Respondent did not intend to participate in the disciplinary process set 
forth in this Chapter. In such event, the rule violations alleged in the investigation report shall 
be deemed admitted by the Respondent. The BCC subcommittee shall find the Respondent 
guilty of each such violation and may impose any of the penalties set forth in Rule 21.16. 
Except as provided below in Paragraph (ii) of this Rule, such decision shall become final in 
accordance with Rule 21.17.   
 
(ii)  The BCC shall promptly issue a written decision in accordance with Paragraph (g) of 
this Rule and inform the Respondent of their right to request a hearing on any penalty 
imposed pursuant to Paragraph (f)(i) of this Rule. The Respondent must request such hearing 
within two (2) Business Days of service of the decision. Such hearing shall be conducted 
before the same BCC subcommittee and the Respondent may only present evidence as to why 
the penalty should be modified. The BCC subcommittee shall have the absolute discretion to 
modify or affirm the penalty, such decision shall promptly be communicated to the 
Respondent in writing and become final in accordance with Rule 21.17. The failure to request 
a hearing on the penalty in a timely manner shall be deemed to be acceptance of the penalty.  
 
 
(g) If a settlement agreement is approved, or penalties have been issued pursuant to 
paragraph (f) of this Rule, the subcommittee of the BCC shall issue a written decision, signed by 
the subcommittee chair or the Exchange’s legal counsel on behalf of the subcommittee chair, 
specifying the rule violations the subcommittee has reason to believe may have been or were 
committed, including the basis or reasons for the subcommittee’s conclusions, and any sanction 
to be imposed. 
 
(h)(i) Any hearing to review a summary access denial pursuant to Rule 21.02(f) shall be 
conducted by a subcommittee of the BCC within 10 days of receipt of a hearing request. 
 
(ii) The subcommittee shall conduct a de novo review solely on the issue of the denial of 
access and  shall determine the procedures to be followed, except that the following shall 
apply in every case:  (1) at the hearing, the Market Regulation staff shall present such 
evidence and considerations as it deems relevant to show that the continued denial of access 
is necessary to protect the best interest of the Exchange; (2) the Person denied access shall be 
allowed to appear personally and/or to be represented by legal counsel or any other 
representative of his choosing and, either personally or through such representative, to 
present witnesses and documentary evidence and to cross-examine witnesses; (3) the formal 
rules of evidence shall not apply, and the subcommittee shall be free to accept or reject any 
and all evidence as it considers proper; and (4) a substantially verbatim record capable of 
being transcribed shall be made of the proceeding, provided, however, that such record need 
not be transcribed unless the Person denied access requests such transcript or the Exchange so 
determines.    
(iii) The subcommittee may affirm, rescind or modify the summary access denial, 
provided, however, under no circumstances may a summary denial of access pursuant to Rule 
21.02(f) exceed 120 days.   
  


21-7 
(iv) Promptly following any hearing the subcommittee shall render a written decision 
based on the weight of the evidence contained in the record of the proceeding and shall 
provide a copy of the decision to the Person.  The decision shall include (i) a summary of the 
charges; (ii) a summary of the answer or other response; (iii) a brief summary of the evidence 
produced at the hearing; (iv) a statement of findings and conclusions with respect to each 
charge, including any specific rules found to have been violated; and (v) a declaration of the 
subcommittee’s findings and order. The decision of the hearing panel shall constitute the final 
action of the Exchange with respect to the summary access denial. 
Amended by the Board January 7, 2008; effective January 10, 2008 [¶ (b)]. 
Amended by the Board April 9, 2008; effective April 14, 2008 [¶ (b)]. 
Amended by the Board November 11, 2009; effective November 16, 2009 [¶ (e)(iv)(2)]. 
Amended by the Board March 17, 2010; effective March 22, 2010 [¶ (b)]. 
Amended by the Board September 20, 2012; effective October 17, 2012 [¶¶ (a), (b) and (f)(i) 
through (f)(iv) 
Amended by the Board September 20, 2012; effective October 22, 2012 [¶ (e)(iv)(6)]. 
Amended by the Board March 25, 2013; effective April 16, 2013 [¶¶(a) and (b)]. 
Amended by the Board July 15, 2015; effective August 17, 2015 [¶(e)(iv)(2)]. 
Amended by the Board December 4, 2015; effective December 23, 2015 [¶¶ (d) and (e)(v)]. 
Amended by the Board June 21, 2018; effective July 30, 2018 [¶ (a)]. 
Amended by the Board September22, 2022; effective November 1, 2022 [¶ (a)]. 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2023; effective July 20, 2023 [¶¶ (a) through (h)]. 
Rule 21.04. Power to Compel Testimony and Production of Documents 
The President, the Board, the Chief Regulatory Officer, the Market Regulation staff, any 
committee or subcommittee and any panel of any committee or subcommittee, engaged in any 
investigation of, examination into, or hearing involving any matter pursuant to the Rules shall 
have the power to summon any Person subject to Rule 4.00(a), to give testimony under oath or in 
any other manner required by them and to produce any documents, books or records. A Firm so 
summoned shall appear by a partner, officer or responsible employee fully acquainted with the 
relevant facts. If any Person subject to Rule 4.00(a) fails to obey any such summons or to give 
any such testimony, or fails to produce, in part or in full, any such documents, books or records in 
a timely fashion, or at all, such failure shall constitute a violation of this Rule and shall be 
reported to the BCC for appropriate action or shall be subject to a summary fine in accordance 
with Rule 21.02(e). 
Amended by the Board September 20, 2012; effective October 17, 2012. 
Amended by the Board March 18, 2020; effective March 23, 2020. 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2023; effective July 20, 2023. 


21-8 
Rule 21.05. Notice of Charges 
 
In any case in which a subcommittee of the BCC has authorized a formal hearing, the Market 
Regulation staff shall serve a Notice of Charges ("Notice") on the Respondent, the Chairperson of 
the BCC and the Office of the General Counsel. Such Notice shall state: 
(a) the acts, practices or conduct in which the Respondent is alleged to have engaged;   
(b) the Rule(s) which is alleged to have been violated as a result of such acts, practices or 
conduct; 
(c) that the Respondent is entitled, upon written request filed with the Market Regulation staff 
and the Office of the General Counsel within twenty (20) days of service of the Notice, to a 
formal hearing on the charges; 
(d) that the failure of the Respondent to request a hearing within twenty (20) days of service 
of the Notice, except for good cause shown, shall be deemed a waiver of his right to a hearing; 
(e) that the failure of the Respondent to file an answer with the Market Regulation staff and 
the Office of the General Counsel within twenty (20) days of service of the Notice shall be 
deemed an admission of all of the allegations contained in the Notice; and 
(f) that the failure of the Respondent to expressly deny a particular allegation contained in the 
Notice shall be deemed an admission of such allegation. 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2023; effective July 20, 2023 {¶¶ (a), (c) and (e)], 
Rule 21.06. Answer; Request for Hearing; Failure to Answer or Deny Charges 
(a) The Respondent shall serve on the Market Regulation staff and the Office of the General 
Counsel a written Answer to the Notice of Charges and a written request for a hearing on the 
charges within twenty (20) days of the date of service of the Notice of Charges. 
(b) The Respondent's failure to file an Answer within such twenty (20) days shall be deemed 
an admission of all of the allegations contained in the Notice. 
(c) The Respondent's failure to expressly deny a particular allegation contained in the Notice 
shall be deemed an admission of such allegation. 
(d) The Respondent's failure to request a hearing within such twenty (20) days shall be 
deemed a waiver of Respondent's right to a hearing. 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2023; effective July 20, 2023 [¶¶ (a)]. 
Rule 21.07. Reply 
The Market Regulation staff may serve on the Respondent and the Office of the General 
Counsel a Reply within five (5) days of the date of service of the Respondent's Answer. The reply 
must be limited to the matters set forth in the Answer. 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2023; effective July 20, 2023. 
Rule 21.08. Selection of Hearing Panel 
 
(a) Formal hearings on any alleged Rule violation shall be conducted by a Hearing Panel 
selected by the Chairperson of the BCC from members of the BCC who did not receive and 
review the written report concerning such alleged violation as provided for in Rule 21.03 (the 
"Hearing Panel").  The Chairperson of the BCC, in their sole discretion, shall appoint a Hearing 
Panel comprised of three (3) individuals which shall be chaired by a Public Committee Member. 


21-9 
At least one (1) individual on each Hearing Panel shall be a Member or employee of a Member 
Firm. 
 
(b) The Chairperson of the BCC shall notify the Market Regulation staff and the Respondent 
of the names of the members selected to hear the matter at least fifteen (15) days prior to the 
hearing date.  
(c) No member of the Hearing Panel shall hear a case in which that member has a direct 
financial, personal or other interest in the matter under consideration. 
Amended by the Board January 7, 2008; effective January 10, 2008 [¶ (a)(i) and (ii)]. 
Amended by the Board March 17, 2010; effective March 22, 2010 [¶ (a)(i) and (ii)]. 
Amended by the Board September 20, 2012; effective October 17, 2012 [¶ (a)]. 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2023; effective July 20, 2023 [¶¶ (a) and (b)]. 
Rule 21.09. Challenge to Members of the Hearing Panel 
Within ten (10) days after service on the Respondent of the names of the members of the 
Hearing Panel, the Respondent may challenge, in writing, any member of the Hearing Panel for 
cause. The merits of such challenge shall be finally decided by the Chairperson of the BCC in 
their sole discretion. If said written challenge is not received within such ten (10) days, any such 
right to challenge is deemed waived. 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2023; effective July 20, 2023. 
Rule 21.10.  Hearing on Penalty in the Event of Failure to Deny Charges; Failure to Request 
Hearing Deemed Acceptance of Penalty 
 
(a) If the Respondent fails to file an Answer or admits the allegations or fails to deny the 
allegations in support of a charge of a Rule violation contained in the Notice, the Hearing Panel 
shall find the Respondent guilty of each such violation and may impose a penalty for each such 
violation subject to the limitations set forth in Rule 21.16.  Except as provided in Paragraph (b) of 
this Rule, such decision shall become final in accordance with Rule 21.17. 
 
(b) The Hearing Panel shall promptly issue a written decision which incorporates the 
facts and allegations from the Notice, sets forth any penalty to be imposed and inform the 
Respondent of their right to request a hearing on any penalty issued pursuant to Paragraph (a) of 
this Rule. Respondent must request the hearing within two (2) Business Days of service of the 
decision. Such hearing shall be conducted before the same Hearing Panel. The Respondent may 
only present evidence as to why the penalty should be modified. The Hearing Panel shall have the 
absolute discretion to modify or affirm the penalty, such decision shall promptly be 
communicated to the Respondent in writing and become final in accordance with Rule 21.17. The 
failure to request a hearing on the penalty in a timely manner shall be deemed to be acceptance of 
the penalty. 
 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2023; effective July 20, 2023 [¶¶ (a) and (b)]. 
 
Rule 21.11. Settlement Prior to Commencement of Hearing 
 
Prior to the commencement of the hearing, the BCC subcommittee to which the investigation 
report was presented, or the Hearing Panel, may approve the entry into a settlement agreement 
with the Respondent, whereby the Respondent, with or without admitting guilt, may agree to any 
of the penalties set forth in Rule 21.16: 


21-10 
Amended by the Board November 11, 2009; effective November 16, 2009 [¶ (b)]. 
Amended by the Board September 20, 2012; effective October 22, 2012 [¶ (f)]. 
Amended by the Board July 15, 2015; effective August 17, 2015 [¶ (b)]. 
Amended by the Board December 4, 2015; effective December 23, 2015 [¶ (g)]. 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2023; effective July 20, 2023. 
Rule 21.12. Hearing Procedures 
Each Hearing Panel shall determine the procedures to be followed in any hearing before it, 
except that the following shall apply in every case: 
 
(a) The prosecution shall be conducted by the Market Regulation staff. 
 
(b) 
The Respondent shall be allowed to be represented by legal counsel or any other 
representative of their choosing and, either personally or through such representative, to present 
witnesses and documentary evidence and to cross-examine witnesses. 
(c) The Market Regulation staff and the Respondent shall deliver to each other and the 
Office of the General Counsel a statement listing the witnesses expected to be called and the 
documents expected to be introduced into evidence, together with copies of such documents, by 
such date prior to the hearing as the Hearing Panel may specify. Unless the Hearing Panel, in its 
discretion, waives compliance with this requirement, no witness may testify and no documentary 
evidence may be introduced into evidence unless listed in and, in the case of documents, 
furnished with such statement. On written request, the Market Regulation staff shall provide the 
Respondent with access to all books, documents or other tangible evidence in the possession or 
under the control of the Exchange which are to be relied upon by the Market Regulation staff or 
which are relevant to the allegations contained in the Notice of Charges. 
(d) 
 No formal rules of evidence shall apply, and the Hearing Panel shall be free to accept or 
reject any and all evidence it considers proper. 
(e) It shall constitute a violation of the Rules for any Person within the Exchange's 
jurisdiction to engage in conduct which may impede the progress of a hearing, and any such 
incident shall be reported to the BCC for appropriate action. 
(f) Ex parte contacts by any of the parties with members of the Hearing Panel shall not be 
permitted. 
(g) A substantially verbatim record capable of being accurately transcribed shall be made of 
the proceedings, provided, however, that such record need not be transcribed, unless the transcript 
is requested by the Respondent or the CFTC or the decision is reviewed by the CFTC. 
(h) The Notice of Charges, the Answer, the Reply, any stenographic transcript of the hearing, 
the documentary evidence and any other material presented to the Hearing Panel by either party 
with notice to the other shall constitute the record of the hearing. 
(i) The burden of proof shall be on the prosecution. A finding of guilt shall be made by 
majority vote based on the weight of the evidence contained in the record of the hearing. 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2023; effective July 20, 2023 [¶¶ (a) through (f)]. 


21-11 
 
Rule 21.13. Written Decision of Hearing Panel 
(a) If the Hearing Panel finds the Respondent not guilty of any Rule violation charged, it shall 
render a written decision to that effect, and the Respondent shall not be subject to any further 
proceedings with respect to the Rule violation charged. The written decision shall include: 
(i) a summary of the allegations contained in the Notice of Charges; 
(ii) a summary of the Answer; 
(iii) a brief summary of the evidence produced at the hearing or, where appropriate, 
incorporation by reference of the investigation report; and 
(iv) a statement of the findings and conclusions of the Hearing Panel with respect to each 
charge. 
(b) If the Hearing Panel finds the Respondent guilty of any Rule violation charged, it shall 
render a written decision to that effect. The written decision shall include: 
(i) a summary of the allegations contained in the Notice of Charges; 
(ii) a summary of the Answer; 
(iii) a brief summary of the evidence produced at the hearing or, where appropriate, 
incorporation by reference of the investigation report; and 
(iv) a statement of the findings and conclusions of the Hearing Panel with respect to each 
charge, including the specific Rule which the Respondent is found to have violated; provided, 
however, that in any case in which the Respondent is found to have violated a Rule involving 
the execution of a customer Transaction, the Hearing Panel shall make a specific finding 
whether the customer has incurred any financial harm as a result of said violation; and 
(v) an order stating any penalty imposed and the effective date of such penalty; the penalty 
which may be imposed on the Respondent shall be one or more of the penalties set forth in 
Rule 21.16. 
 
Amended by the Board September 20, 2012; effective October 20, 2012 [¶ (F)]. 
 
Amended by the Board July 15, 2015; effective August 17, 2015 [¶¶ (b)(v)(B)]. 
 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2023; effective July 20, 2023 [¶¶ (b)(iv) and (b)(v)]. 
Rule 21.14. Liability for Expenses 
A Respondent who or which, after notice and opportunity for hearing, has been found to have 
violated any Rule or Clearing Organization Rule may, in the discretion of the Hearing Panel 
appointed in the matter, be required to pay to the Exchange an amount equal to any and all 
expenses incurred by the Exchange in connection with the prosecution of such violations, in 
addition to any penalty which may be imposed upon the Respondent by virtue of the violations 
found by the Hearing Panel. 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2017; effective July 12, 2017. 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2023; effective July 20, 2023. 
Rule 21.15. Extension of Time Limits 
 
Any time limit provided for in Rules 21.03(h)(i), 21.05, 21.06, 21.07, 21.08, 21.09, and 21.10 
may be extended by mutual consent of the parties, by the Chairperson of the BCC, or, if a 
Hearing Panel has been appointed, by the Chairperson of the Hearing Panel. 


21-12 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2023; effective July 20, 2023. 
 
Rule 21.16. Penalties 
 
In any matter in which a BCC subcommittee approves or enters into a settlement agreement 
with a Respondent or concludes that a Respondent violated an Exchange Rule pursuant to Rule 
21.03(f), or a Hearing Panel determines that a Respondent has violated an Exchange Rule, the 
following penalties may be imposed:  
 
(a) a cease-and-desist order or a reprimand;  
 
(b) a fine of up to one million dollars ($1,000,000) for each rule violation alleged plus the 
disgorgement of monetary value of any benefit received as a result of the alleged 
violation; 
 
(c) a suspension; 
  
(d) an expulsion and/or a denial of access; and 
 
(e) restitution to any customer if financial harm was incurred by such customer. 
 
Adopted by the Board June 21, 2023; effective July 20, 2023. 
Rule 21.17. Effective Date of Penalties 
(a) If a Respondent enters into a settlement agreement with the Market Regulation staff, the 
terms of which have been approved by a subcommittee of the BCC or a Hearing Panel, the 
settlement agreement shall become final and effective on the date the settlement agreement is 
executed by the Exchange.  
(b) Any decision (including any penalty) by a subcommittee of the BCC pursuant to Rule 
21.03(f) or by a Hearing Panel shall be the final decision of the Exchange and shall become 
effective fifteen (15) days, or such longer time as the Hearing Panel may specify, after a copy of 
the written decision of the Hearing Panel has been served on the Respondent provided, however, 
that, in any case where the Respondent has consented to the action taken and to the timing of its 
effectiveness, the Hearing Panel may cause the decision involving any disciplinary action 
(including any penalty) to become effective prior to the fifteen (15) day period.  
(c) Any fine imposed by a subcommittee of the BCC or Hearing Panel shall be due and 
payable on the effective date of the decision imposing such fine, or on such later date as the 
Hearing Panel may specify. 
 
(d)  If a Respondent fails to pay any fine within 30 days of the date on which such fine 
becomes due and payable, such Respondent shall be barred from directly or indirectly trading 
automatically without further action by the Exchange and shall remain barred until such fine is 
paid in full, however, that on written application received prior to such date, the Exchange, in its 
sole discretion, may postpone the date when payment is due. 
Amended by the Board December 4, 2015; effective December 23, 2015 [¶(a)]. 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2017; effective July 12, 2017 [¶¶ (a), (b) and (d)]. 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2023; effective July 20, 2023 [¶¶ (a) through (d)]. 
 


21-13 
Rule 21.18. Publication and Written Notice of Disciplinary Action 
 
(a) Records of the disposition of each investigation by the President or the BCC, each 
hearing and each imposition of any penalty, shall be kept in accordance with CFTC Regulations. 
The record of any hearing, together with all of the papers shall be retained for a period of at least 
five (5) years.        
(b) All proceedings conducted by or before the President, the BCC and the Board or a 
subcommittee of the Board pursuant to this Chapter shall be confidential and shall not be 
disclosed to any Person except: 
(i) as required by law or by the Rules; 
(ii) in any action or proceeding brought by or against the Exchange; or 
(iii) as may be determined from time to time by the Board. 
(c) In any case where: 
 
(i)  a Respondent enters into any settlement agreement with the BCC (or any subcommittee 
thereof) or with the Chief Regulatory Officer which settlement agreement is approved by 
the BCC (or any subcommittee thereof); or 
 
(ii)  the BCC (or any subcommittee thereof) renders a decision finding a Respondent guilty 
of any Rule violation; or 
 
(iii) the Chief Regulatory Officer or his designee has imposed a summary fine on 
Respondent; or 
 
(iv)  the Board, a subcommittee of the Board or the President takes action or renders a 
decision against a Member pursuant to this Chapter;  
the Exchange shall make public its findings and the reason for its action, including any action 
taken or penalty ordered. 
(d) Written notice of any suspension, expulsion, disciplinary action or denial of access shall 
be given in accordance with CFTC Regulations.  
(e) In any case in which: 
(i) a Respondent enters into any settlement agreement with the BCC (or any subcommittee 
thereof) or with the Chief Regulatory Officer of Market Regulation which settlement 
agreement is approved by the BCC (or any subcommittee thereof); or 
(ii) the BCC (or any subcommittee thereof) renders a decision finding a Respondent guilty 
of any Rule violation; 
for a violation of the Rules involving the execution of, or the failure to execute, a Customer 
Transaction which results in financial harm to such customer, the Exchange shall promptly 
inform the FCM identified on the records of the Exchange or the Clearing Organization as having 
cleared such Transaction. Upon such notification, the FCM shall promptly inform the Person 
identified on its records as the owner of the account for which the Transaction was executed of 
the disciplinary action and the principal facts thereof. 
 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2017; effective July 12, 2017 [¶¶ (a) through (e)]. 
 
Amended by the Board March 18, 2020; effective March 23, 2020 [¶¶ (c)(i), and (e)(i). 


21-14 
 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2023; effective July 20, 2023 [¶¶ (a), (b), (c)(i) through (c)(iv) 
and (e)(i) and (e)(ii)]. 
 
Rule 21.19. Duty to Report 
 
If an Emergency Event shall occur with respect to any Member, such Member shall advise the 
Exchange of the occurrence thereof by the fastest available means of communication and shall 
immediately deliver written notice to the Exchange specifying (a) the nature of such Emergency 
Event, (b) the time when such Emergency Event occurred, and (c) whether such Member consents 
to a summary suspension pursuant to this Rule and Rule 21.20 and, if so, whether such Member 
waives a hearing with respect thereto.   
 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2023; effective July 20, 2023. 
Rule 21.20. Summary Suspension 
If a Member advises the Exchange as provided in Rule 21.19 and consents to a summary 
suspension, either orally or in writing, the President shall immediately suspend such Member in 
accordance with the terms of such consent. 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2023; effective July 20, 2023. 
 
Rule 21.21. Action Concerning a Financial Emergency 
If at any time, the Board or a subcommittee of the Board appointed by the Chairperson and 
comprised of the CEO of ICE, the Chairperson and President of the Exchange and any two (2) 
Public Directors of the Exchange (“Subcommittee”), in its sole discretion, determines that there is 
a substantial question as to whether a Financial Emergency exists with respect to any Member, 
the Board or the Subcommittee may suspend, or take any other action against such Member, any 
Member enjoying privileges through such Member, and/or any Members or other Persons 
provided access to the Exchange by or through such Member, as it may deem necessary or 
appropriate to protect the best interests of the marketplace. The Board or the Subcommittee may 
take such action against any Member regardless of whether or not such Member has advised the 
Exchange of the occurrence of an Emergency Event pursuant to Rule 21.19, and whether or not 
such Member has consented to a suspension or waived a hearing. 
Amended by the Board February 7, 2007; effective February 9, 2007. 
Amended by the Board September 30, 2015; effective January 1, 2016. 
Amended by the Board June 21, 2023; effective July 20, 2023. 
Rule 21.22. Notice to Member 
(a) Any notice given to a Member before action is taken against him pursuant to Rule 21.21 
shall state: 
 (i) the Financial Emergency or other situation which it is believed may give rise to the 
need for action by the Board or the Subcommittee; and 
 (ii) the date, time and place of the hearing to be held before the Board or the 
Subcommittee. 
(b) Any notice given to a Member after action has been taken against him pursuant to Rule 
21.21 shall: 
 (i) state the action taken; 


21-15 
 (ii) briefly state the reasons for the action; and 
 (iii) state the effective time, date and duration of the action. 
Amended by the Board February 7, 2007; effective February 9, 2007. 
 
Rule 21.23. Hearing 
At any hearing conducted under this Rule, the Board or the Subcommittee shall determine the 
procedures to be followed, except that the following shall apply in every case: 
(i) The case in support of the summary action shall be presented by the President, who may 
be represented by legal counsel. 
(ii) The Member shall be allowed to be represented by legal counsel or any other 
representative of his choosing and, either personally or through such representative, to 
present witnesses and documentary evidence and to cross-examine witnesses. 
(iii) No formal rules of evidence shall apply, and the Board or the Subcommittee shall be 
free to accept or reject any and all evidence it considers proper. 
(iv) A stenographic transcript shall be made of the proceedings. 
(v) The notice of the hearing, the stenographic transcript, the documentary evidence and 
any other material presented to the Board or the Subcommittee by either party with notice to 
the other shall constitute the record of the hearing. 
Amended by the Board February 7, 2007; effective February 9, 2007. 
Rule 21.24. Decision 
(a) Promptly following any hearing pursuant to Rule 21.23, the Board or the Subcommittee 
shall render a written decision based on the weight of the evidence contained in the record of the 
hearing and shall provide a copy of the decision to the Member. The decision shall include: 
(i) a description of any action taken without a hearing; 
(ii) the reasons for any action taken without a hearing; 
(iii) a brief summary of the evidence produced at the hearing; 
(iv) the findings and conclusions of the hearing body; 
(v) a determination that any action previously taken should be affirmed, modified or 
reversed; and 
(vi) a declaration of any action to be taken pursuant to the determination made in 
subparagraph (v) of this Rule, the effective date and duration of such action and the date upon 
which such decision becomes final. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board or the Subcommittee may take action pursuant to 
Rule 21.21 prior to the rendering of the written decision, if the Board or the Subcommittee in its 
sole discretion deems it necessary or appropriate to do so. 
(b) Any action taken by the Board or the Subcommittee under Rule 21.21 shall become 
effective and final fifteen (15) days after notice of the action taken is given to the Member, or 
such other time as the Board or the Subcommittee may specify, provided that the Board or the 
Subcommittee reasonably believes, and so states in its written decision, that action at or within 
such other time is necessary to protect the best interests of the marketplace. The decision of the 
Board or the Subcommittee shall not be subject to appeal. 


22-1 
ICE Futures U.S.®, Inc. 
 
STANDING RESOLUTIONS 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Resolution 
Subject 
 
 
 
R-1 
Delegation of Authority to President and COO 
R-2 
Regulatory Data 
 
 
 
 
 


22-2 
ICE FUTURES U.S.®, INC. 
STANDING RESOLUTIONS 
  
 
R-1 Delegation of Authority to President and COO 
WHEREAS, Bylaw Section 4.3 provides that the business of the Exchange shall be managed 
by or under the direction of the Board of Directors (“Board”); and 
WHEREAS, Bylaw Section 9.1 authorizes the Board of Directors to appoint a President and 
other officers to carry out the business of the Exchange; and 
WHEREAS, Article XVI of the Bylaws authorizes the Board to adopt Rules or make any 
amendments to the Rules that are not inconsistent with the Bylaws; and 
WHEREAS, the adoption of certain Rules and amendments are administrative in nature; 
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board hereby delegates to the President 
authority to: 
 
 
1.  adopt or amend and determine the effective date of Rules governing (i) trading hours; 
(ii) procedures for the purchase, sale or transfer of a Membership (excluding qualifications, rights 
or obligations of a Membership); (iii) the number of months in the listing cycle for option 
contracts and option contract rules relating to procedures for listing Strike Prices, Strike Price 
intervals and listing of Strike Prices on a discretionary basis; (iv) changes to the minimum tick or 
price fluctuation of an Exchange Commodity Contract; (v) administrative procedures (excluding 
voting requirements, Board or committee composition, disclosure of material, non-public 
information and conflicts of interest); (vi) holidays; (vii) acceptable types of orders (other than 
those relating to non-competitive trades), (viii) procedures relating to the submission of trades for 
matching and clearing; (ix) settlement periods; (x) the creation or modification of 
incentive/market maker programs and the renewal of same; (xi) delisting of contract months with 
no open interest and deferring the listing of contract months; (xii) changes deemed appropriate to 
comply with applicable law, including CEA amendments or interpretations; (xiv) changes to 
Rules on NCR, RL, CSLOR and IPL levels; (xv) Messaging Policy issues, including the products 
to which the policy pertains; and (xvi) Frequently Asked Questions (“FAQ”) documents giving 
interpretative guidance about Exchange rules, such as Block Trade and EFRP FAQs; (xvii) 
transaction and other fees charged by the Exchange; and  
 
2. adopt any non-material change to the terms and conditions of a Commodity Contract  
or any Exchange Rule with respect to the subject matters specifically set forth in this Resolution.       
 
 
Adopted by the Board December 13, 2007; effective December 17, 2007. 
 
Amended by the Board October 22, 2008; effective October 24, 2008 [¶ (3)]. 
 
Amended by the Board November 11, 2009; effective November 16, 2009 [¶¶ (1) through (4)]. 
 
Amended by the Board February 2, 2010; effective February 8, 2010 [¶¶ (4) and (5)]. 
 
Amended by the Board June 16, 2010; effective June 21, 2010 [¶ (5)]. 
 
Amended by the Board October 6, 2010; effective O1ctober 25, 2010 [¶¶ (5) and (6)]. 
 
Amended by the Board February 17, 2011; effective March 1, 2011 [¶¶ (5) through (7)]. 
 
Amended by the Board May 19, 2011; effective May 23, 2011 [¶ (7)]. 
 
Amended by the Board September 7, 2011; effective September 26, 2011 [¶ (8)]. 
 
Amended by the Board February 17, 2012; effective March 12, 2012 [¶¶ (8) and (9)]. 


22-3 
 
 
Amended by the Board June 13, 2012; effective August 3, 2012 [¶ (10)]. 
Amended by the Board October 29, 2013; effective November 22, 2013 [¶ (2)]. 
Amended by the Board September 30, 2015; effective October 27, 2015 [¶ (1 through 3)]. 
Amended by the Board August 30, 2016; effective September 16, 2016 [¶ (2)]. 
 
Amended by the Board April 22, 2019; effective May 31, 2019 [¶ (1)]. 
Amended by the Board March 222, 2023; effective June 1, 2023. 
 
R-2 Regulatory Data 
USE OF PROPRIETARY DATA OR PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED 
BY ICE FUTURES U.S. FOR REGULATORY PURPOSES 
 
 
 
 
In connection with our role in the financial services industry and the services we provide, many 
Exchange employees and employees of companies in the ICE Group who act as service providers 
to the Exchange, routinely receive and review information that has been collected to fulfill our 
obligations under applicable regulatory requirements, including those set forth by the Commodity 
Futures Trading Commission. The Exchange is committed to ensuring the confidentiality, 
integrity and protection of information the Exchange receives in connection with its 
regulatory requirements. For purposes of this Policy Regulatory Data means proprietary data or 
personally identifiable information that is collected by the Exchange to fulfill applicable 
regulatory requirements, from the following categories: 
Position data --Data collected via the reporting of large trader positions under the 
CFTC’s ownership and control reporting regime as well as clearing member position data 
maintained in regulatory systems of the Exchange, including trading strategies; 
Financial information--Financial records and other information, including account 
balance information and original third party or internal source documents used  in the 
production of financial reports or used to demonstrate compliance with exchange 
rules. 
Detailed transaction data -- Trade data at the specific account or trader level, identifying 
the buy/sell or price information for individual trades from which market positions and/or 
profit and loss might be derived. 
 
Investigative materials --Information collected as part of routine surveillance and/or 
compliance activities or investigations of potential rule violations, and enforcement 
of Exchange Rules, such as account statements, order tickets, customer account 
agreements, bank records, cash market documentation, and audio recordings. 
Regulatory Data is accessible only to Exchange employees who need to know the data in 
furtherance of their employment with the Exchange and who have been authorized to have such 
access, and to employees of companies in the ICE Group who have been authorized to access 
such data to perform services for the Exchange and who are subject to the restrictions on 
confidentiality and use of such information. Regulatory Data may only be used for compliance, 
surveillance, rule enforcement, clearing, risk management, market operations, market and product 
research and development and performance monitoring purposes in connection with ensuring the 
effective operations and integrity of the marketplace.  Regulatory Data may not be used for any 
other purpose unless such use has been specifically authorized by the Exchange Chief 


22-4 
Compliance Officer or his designee. Potential violations of this Policy are subject to investigation 
by ICE Futures U.S. and violations may result in discipline, up to and including termination.  
Adopted by the Board May 18, 2015; effective June 26, 2015. 
Amended by the Board March 20, 2020; effective March 23, 2020. 
 
 
 
 
 


ICE Futures U.S.®, Inc. 
  
 MSCI INDEX FUTURES AND OPTIONS 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Rule 
Subject 
 
 
23.1. 
Scope of Chapter 
 
23.2 
Trading Specifications 
 
23.3 
Termination of Trading 
 
23.4 
Cash Settlement Procedures 
 
23.5 
Trading Halts on Underlying Securities Exchange 
23.6 
Notice Regarding MSCI 
 
 
Sub-Chapter A 
       MSCI INDEX FUTURES CONTRACTS 
23.A.001 
MSCI EAFE INDEX FUTURES 
23.A.002 
MSCI EMERGING MARKETS INDEX FUTURES 
23.A.003 
MSCI USA INDEX FUTURES 
23.A.004 
MSCI USA VALUE INDEX FUTURES 
23.A.005 
MSCI USA GROWTH INDEX FUTURES 
23.A.006 
MSCI EAFE NTR INDEX FUTURES 
23.A.007  
MSCI EMERGING MARKETS NTR INDEX FUTURES 
23.A.008 
MSCI EUROPE INDEX FUTURES 
23.A.009 
MSCI EUROPE VALUE INDEX FUTURES 
23.A.010  
MSCI EUROPE GROWTH INDEX FUTURES 
23.A.011 
MSCI EURO INDEX FUTURES 
23.A.012 
MSCI PAN-EURO INDEX FUTURES 
23.A.013 
MSCI CANADA INDEX FUTURES 
23.A.014 
MSCI WORLD INDEX FUTURES 
23.A.015 
MSCI EMERGING MARKETS LATIN AMERICA INDEX FUTURES 
23.A.016 
RESERVED 


23.A.017 
MSCI ACWI EX-US INDEX FUTURES 
23.A.018 
RESERVED 
23.A.019 
MSCI ACWI NTR INDEX FUTURES 
23.A.020 
RESERVED 
23.A.021 
MSCI EMERGING MARKETS ASIA (“EM ASIA”) NTR INDEX FUTURES 
23.A.022 
MSCI USA SMALL CAP INDEX FUTURES 
23.A.023 
MSCI EMERGING MARKETS NTR INDEX (EUR) FUTURES 
23A.024 
MSCI EMERGING MARKETS EMEA NTR INDEX FUTURES 
23.A.025 
MSCI EMERGING MARKETS LatAm NTR INDEX FUTURES 
23.A.026 
RESERVED 
23.A.027 
MSCI INDIA NTR INDEX FUTURES 
23.A.028 
RESERVED 
23.A.029 
MSCI PACIFIC NTR INDEX FUTURES 
23.A.030 
MSCI NORTH AMERICA NTR INDEX FUTURES 
23.A.031 
MSCI WORLD NTR INDEX FUTURES 
23.A.032 
MSCI EUROPE NTR INDEX FUTURES 
23.A.033 
MSCI USA GTR INDEX FUTURES 
23.A.034 
MSCI CANADA GTR INDEX FUTURES 
23.A.035 
MSCI AC ASIA EX. JAPAN NTR INDEX FUTURE 
23.A.036 
MSCI PACIFIC EX JAPAN NTR INDEX FUTURE 
23.A.037  
RESERVED 
23.A038 
MSCI WORLD ESG LEADERS NTR INDEX FUTURES 
23.A.039 
MSCI EAFE ESG LEADERS NTR INDEX FUTURES 
23.A.040 
MSCI EUROPE ESG LEADERS NTR INDEX FUTURES 
23.A.041 
MSCI EM ESG LEADERS NTR INDEX FUTURES 
23.A.042 
MSCI USA ESG LEADERS NTR INDEX FUTURE 
23.A.043 
MSCI USA CLIMATE CHANGE NTR INDEX FUTURES 
23.A.044 
MSCI JAPAN ESG SELECT LEADERS GTR INDEX 
23.A.045 
MSCI JAPAN NTR INDEX 
23.A.046 
MSCI USA MINIMUM VOLATILITY GTR INDEX 
23.A.047 
MSCI EMERGING MARKETS EX CHINA NTR INDEX  
23.A.048 
MSCI AUSTRALIA NTR INDEX FUTURES 
23.A.049 
MSCI MALAYSIA NTR INDEX FUTURES 
23.A.050 
MSCI THAILAND NTR INDEX FUTURES 


23.A.051 
RESERVED 
 
23.A.052 
RESERVED 
23.A.053 
RESERVED 
23.A.054 
MSCI EUROPE CLIMATE CHANGE NTR INDEX FUTURES 
23.A.055 
MSCI WORLD CLIMATE CHANGE NTR INDEX FUTURES 
23.A.056 
MSCI KOKUSAI GTR INDEX FUTURES 
23.A.057 
RESERVED 
23.A.058 
MSCI CHINA NTR INDEX FUTURES 
23.A.059 
MSCI USA SMALL CAP GTR INDEX FUTURES 
23.A.060 
MSCI GERMANY NTR INDEX FUTURES 
23.A.061 
RESERVED 
23.A.062 
MSCI WORLD CLIMATE PARIS ALIGNED NTR INDEX FUTURES 
23.A.063 
MSCI WORLD CLIMATE PARIS ALIGNED GTR INDEX FUTURES 
23.A.064 
MSCI EUROPE CLIMATE PARIS ALIGNED NTR INDEX FUTURES 
23.A.065 
MSCI EM CLIMATE PARIS ALIGNED NTR INDEX FUTURES 
23.A.066 
MSCI EUROPE (EURO) NTR INDEX FUTURES 
23.A.067 
MSCI EM ASIA ESG LEADERS NTR INDEX FUTURES 
23.A.068 
MSCI EAFE CLIMATE PARIS ALIGNED NTR INDEX FUTURES 
23.A.069 
MSCI WORLD NTR (EUR) INDEX FUTURES 
23.A.070 
MSCI ACWI NTR INDEX FUTURES (EUR) 
23.A.071 
MSCI USA LOW CARBON TARGET CORE GTR INDEX FUTURES 
23.A.072 
MSCI EM LOW CARBON TARGET CORE GTR INDEX FUTURES 
23.A.073 
MSCI WORLD EX USA LOW CARBON TARGET CORE NTR INDEX 
 
FUTURES 
23.A.074 
MSCI EAFE LOW CARBON TARGET CORE NTR INDEX FUTURES 
23.A.075 
MSCI ACWI LOW CARBON TARGET CORE NTR INDEX FUTURES 
23.A.076 
MSCI EM EX CHINA EX TAIWAN NTR INDEX FUTURES 
23.A.077 
MSCI EM EX CHINA EX TAIWAN PRICE INDEX FUTURES 
 
 
 


ICE Futures U.S.®, Inc. 
 
CHAPTER 23 
MSCI INDEX FUTURES AND OPTIONS 
23.1 Scope of Chapter 
This chapter is limited in application to trading of MSCI Index Futures Contracts.  The procedures for 
trading, clearing, settlement, and any other matters not specifically covered herein shall be governed by 
the general Rules of the Exchange. 
Each MSCI Index referenced in this chapter is subject to change by MSCI, Inc. as set forth in the MSCI 
Global Investable Market Indices Methodology: Index Construction Objectives, Guiding Principles and 
Methodology for the MSCI Global Investable Market Indices as that document is amended, updated and 
replaced from time-to-time.  Pursuant to the terms of the license granted by MSCI to the Exchange, 
under certain circumstances, the Exchanges may become responsible for maintaining, changing or 
amending the index upon which the Futures specified in this Chapter is valued. 
The terms and conditions of the Futures Contracts specified in this Chapter are deemed to include any 
relevant governmental, regulatory or court decree or order as recognized by the Exchange in a Notice to 
Members. 
23.2 Months Traded 
In the absence of any other provisions in the respective Sub-Chapter for a particular MSCI Index Futures 
Contract, trading in the MSCI Index Futures Contracts shall be conducted in March, June, September 
and December delivery months.  The number of months open for trading at a given time shall be 
determined by the Exchange. 
23.3 Last Trading Day 
In the absence of any other provisions in the respective Sub-Chapter for a particular MSCI Index Futures 
Contract, the last day of trading for each MSCI Index Futures Contract shall be the third Friday of the 
contract month. 
23.4 Cash Settlement Procedures 
(a) 
Settlement 
MSCI Index Futures Contracts open at the termination of trading shall be cash settled as set forth in 
paragraph (c) of this Rule using the Final Settlement Value for the respective MSCI Index Futures 
Contract. Unless provided otherwise in the Sub-Chapter for an MSCI Index Futures Contract, the Final 
Settlement Value for purposes of the contract’s cash settlement shall be the relevant underlying MSCI 
Index as calculated by MSCI rounded to the nearest 1/100th of an index point.  This value shall be based 
on the closing prices of the stocks at their respective primary exchanges on the third Friday of the 
contract month.  Closing prices shall be converted from local currency to U.S. dollars based on the spot 
exchange rate provided by Reuters at 4:00 pm London time on the day of the Final Settlement Price 
calculation.  If a component stock in the index does not trade on the day scheduled for determination of 


the Final Settlement Price while the primary market for that stock is open for trading, the price of that 
stock shall be determined, for the purposes of calculating the Final Settlement Price, based on the most 
recent closing price of that stock.  If one or more primary exchange(s) are not scheduled to be open for 
trading on the day of the final settlement calculation, the prices of those stocks shall all be based on the 
most recent closing prices.  All closing prices will be converted from local currency to U.S. Dollars 
based on the spot exchange rate provided by Reuters at 4:00 pm London time on the day of Final 
Settlement Price calculation.   
 
(b) 
Unexpected Market Closure Event 
In the event of an Unexpected Market Closure Event (as defined in section 2.1 of the Rulebook for 
MSCI Unexpected Market Closure Indexes1) on the Last Trading Day of an expiring contract, the Final 
Settlement Value for the affected delivery month will not be calculated as stated in paragraph (a) above, 
but shall be calculated by MSCI in accordance with the MSCI Unexpected Market Closure Index 
Methodology or any subsequent methodology published by MSCI.  In such an Unexpected Market 
Closure Event, the Final Settlement Payment referenced in paragraph (c) below may be delayed to a 
Business Day later than the second Business Day following the termination of trading. 
(c)  
Final Settlement Payment 
Payment in final settlement of an MSCI Index Futures Contract will be made in accordance with the 
Clearing Organization Rules on the second Business Day following the termination of trading by 
Clearing Members with open positions at the time of termination of trading of the MSCI Index Futures 
Contract.  The amount of the final settlement payment to be made or received will be calculated based on 
the final settlement value as a normal variation payment. 
23.5 Trading Halts on Underlying Securities Exchanges 
(a) 
This Rule shall apply to Exchange Index Contracts based on the following MSCI USA Indexes: 
MSCI USA Index, MSCI USA Value Index, MSCI USA Growth Index, MSCI USA Small Cap Index, 
MSCI USA Small Cap NTR Index, MSCI USA GTR Index, MSCI USA ESG Leaders GTR Index, 
MSCI USA Climate Change NTR Index and MSCI USA Minimum Volatility GTR Index. 
(b) 
On any Business Day when a general trading halt occurs on the New York Stock Exchange, Inc. 
(“NYSE”) pursuant to NYSE Rule 7.12, or similar rule of another relevant national securities exchange 
which is the primary securities market for the index underlying an Exchange MSCI Index Contract, 
trading in the relevant Exchange MSCI Index Contract shall be halted.  Trading of the Exchange 
contracts shall resume 10 minutes after the trading halt in the equities market commences, in the case 
where trading in the primary securities market is scheduled to resume on the same Business Day as the 
halt occurs. If trading in the applicable primary securities market is not scheduled to resume on the same 
Business Day as the trading halt in that market occurred, then trading in the relevant Exchange MSCI 
Index Contract shall resume at the regular opening time for such contract on the next Business Day. 
 
 
1 The MSCI Unexpected Market Closure Index Methodology can be found at 
https://www.msci.com/eqb/methodology/meth_docs/MSCI_Unexpected_Market_Closure_Indexes_methodology_
November_2018_2.pdf   


23.6 Notice Regarding MSCI 
The MSCI Index Futures are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by MSCI Inc. (“MSCI”), any 
affiliate of MSCI or any other party involved in, or related to, making or compiling any Indexes.  The 
MSCI Index Futures have not been passed on by MSCI, any of its affiliates or any other party involved 
in, or related to, making or compiling any Indexes as to their legality or suitability with respect to any 
person or entity.  MSCI, its affiliates and any other party involved in, or related to, making or compiling 
the MSCI Indexes do not guarantee the originality, accuracy and/or completeness of the MSCI Indexes 
or any data included therein.  Neither MSCI, any of its affiliates nor any other party involved in, or 
related to, making or compiling the MSCI Indexes makes any express or implied warranties, and 
expressly disclaims all warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose or use with 
respect to the related Futures Contract, the MSCI Index or any data included therein.  Without limiting 
any of the foregoing, in no event shall MSCI, any of its affiliates or any other party involved in, or 
related to, making or compiling the MSCI Indexes have any liability for any direct, special, punitive, 
indirect, or consequential damages, claims, losses or expenses relating to any futures or options contracts 
or caused by any errors or delays in calculating or disseminating the MSCI Indexes.  Neither MSCI, any 
of its affiliates not any other party involved in, or related to, making or compiling the MSCI Indexes has 
any obligation to take the needs of the issuers of the Contracts, the owners of the MSCI  Index Futures or 
the Exchange into consideration in determining, composing or calculating any MSCI Indexes.  Neither 
MSCI its affiliates nor any other party involved in, or related to, making or compiling the MSCI Indexes 
is responsible for or have participated in the determination of the timing of, prices at, or quantities of the 
MSCI Index Futures to be issued or in the determination or calculation of the equation by which the 
MSCI Index Futures are redeemable for cash. 
Amended by the Board December 17, 2018; effective January 7, 2019 [¶¶ 23.4 (a) through (c)]. 
Amended by the Board October 20, 2020; effective October 30, 2020 with the addition of Rule 23.5 
Trading Halts on Underlying Securities Exchanges 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2021; effective September 13, 2021 with the addition of MSCI USA 
Small Cap NTR Index to Rule 23.5.   
 
 


 
23.A.001 
MSCI EAFE INDEX FUTURES 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI EAFE Index Futures shall be determined by the Exchange.  On the last 
day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such future shall be 4:15 p.m. New York time. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $50.00 times the MSCI EAFE Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI EAFE Index Futures shall be 0.10 Index Points, which is 
$5.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the exception of Block 
Trades which may be priced in thousandths (0.001) of an index point. 
23.A.002 
MSCI EMERGING MARKETS INDEX FUTURES 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI Emerging Markets Index Futures Contracts shall be determined by the 
Exchange.  On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such future shall be 4:15 
p.m. New York time  
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $50.00 times the MSCI Emerging Markets Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI Emerging Markets Index Futures shall be 0.10 Index 
Points, which is $5.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the 
exception of certain Block Trades which may be priced in thousandths (0.001) of an index point. 
23.A.003 
MSCI USA  INDEX FUTURES 
 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI USA Index Futures Contracts shall be determined by the Exchange.  On 
the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such future shall be 4:15 p.m. New York 
time. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $50.00 times the MSCI USA Index. 


Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuations for the MSCI USA Index Futures shall be 0.10 Index Points, which is 
$5.00 per contract, Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the exception of certain 
Block Trades which may be priced in thousandths (0.001) of an index point. 
23.A.004 
MSCI USA VALUE INDEX FUTURES 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI USA Value Index Futures Contracts shall be determined by the Exchange.  
On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such future shall be 4:15 p.m. New 
York time. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $50.00 times the MSCI USA Value Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI USA Value Index Futures shall be 0.10 Index Points, 
which is $5.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the exception of 
certain Block Trades which may be priced in thousandths (0.001) of an index point. 
23.A.005 
MSCI USA GROWTH  INDEX FUTURES 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI USA Growth Index Futures Contracts shall be determined by the 
Exchange.  On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such future shall be 4:15 
p.m. New York time. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $50.00 times the MSCI USA Growth Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI USA Growth Index Futures shall be 0.10 Index Points, 
which is $5.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the exception of 
certain Block Trades which may be priced in thousandths (0.001) of an index point. 
 
 


23.A.006 
MSCI EAFE NTR  INDEX FUTURES 
 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI EAFE NTR Index Futures Contracts shall be determined by the Exchange.  
On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such future shall be 4:15 p.m. New 
York time. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $20.00 times the MSCI EAFE Net Total Return Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI EAFE NTR Index Futures shall be 0.10 Index Points, 
which is $2.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the exception of 
certain Block Trades which may be priced in thousandths (0.001) of an index point. 
 
23.A.007  
MSCI EMERGING MARKETS NTR  INDEX FUTURES 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI Emerging Markets NTR Index Futures Contract shall be determined by 
the Exchange.  On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such future shall be 
4:15 p.m. New York time. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $100.00 times the MSCI Emerging Markets Net Total Return Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI Emerging Markets NTR Index Future shall be 0.10 Index 
Points for outright trades and 0.02 Index Points for spread trades, which is $10.00 per contract for 
outright trades and $2.00 per contract for spread trades.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price 
basis with the exception of certain Block Trades which may be priced in thousandths (0.001) of an index 
point. 
 
 


23.A.008 
MSCI EUROPE  INDEX FUTURES 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI Europe Index Futures Contracts shall be determined by the Exchange.  On 
the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such future shall be 4:15 p.m. New York 
time. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be €200.00 times the MSCI Europe Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI Europe Index Futures shall be 0.01 Index Points, which is 
€2.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the exception of certain 
Block Trades which may be priced in thousandths (0.001) of an index point. 
 
 
23.A.009 
MSCI EUROPE VALUE  INDEX FUTURES 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI Europe Value Index Futures Contract shall be determined by the 
Exchange.  On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such future shall be 4:15 
p.m. New York time. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be €200.00 times the MSCI Europe Value Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI Europe Value Index Futures shall be 0.01 Index Points, 
which is €2.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the exception of 
certain Block Trades which may be priced in thousandths (0.001) of an index point. 
 
 


23.A.010  
MSCI EUROPE GROWTH  INDEX FUTURES 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI Europe Growth Index Futures Contract shall be determined by the 
Exchange.  On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such future shall be 4:15 
p.m. New York time. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be €200.00 times the MSCI Europe Growth Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI Europe Growth Index Futures shall be 0.01 Index Points, 
which is €2.00 per contract. Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the exception of 
certain Block Trades which may be priced in thousandths (0.001) of an index point. 
 
 
23.A.011 
MSCI EURO  INDEX FUTURES 
 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI Euro Index Futures Contracts shall be determined by the Exchange.  On 
the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such future shall be 4:15 p.m. New York 
time. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be €20.00 times the MSCI Euro Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI Euro Index Futures Contracts shall be 0.10 Index Points, 
which is €2.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the exception of 
certain Block Trades which may be priced in thousandths (0.001) of an index point. 
 
 


23.A.012 
MSCI PAN-EURO INDEX FUTURES 
 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI Pan-Euro Index Futures Contract shall be determined by the Exchange.  
On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such future shall be 4:15 P.M. New 
York time. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be €20.00 times the MSCI Pan-Euro Index. 
Price Increments  
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI Pan-Euro Index Future Contract shall be 0.10 Index Points, 
which is €2.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the exception of 
certain Block Trades which may be priced in thousandths (0.001) of an index point. 
 
 
23.A.013 
MSCI CANADA INDEX FUTURES 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI Canada Index Futures Contract shall be determined by the Exchange. On 
the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such future shall be 4:15 p.m. New York 
time. 
 Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $50.00 times the MSCI Canada Index (US$). 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI Canada Index Futures Contracts shall be 0.10 Index Points, 
which is $5.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the exception of 
certain Block Trades which may be priced in thousandths (0.001) of an index point. 
 
 


23.A.014 
 MSCI WORLD INDEX FUTURES 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI World Index Futures Contracts shall be determined by the Exchange. On 
the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such future shall be 4:15 p.m. New York 
time. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $50.00 times the MSCI World Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI World Index Futures shall be 0.10 Index Points, which is 
$5.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the exception of certain 
Block Trades which may be priced in thousandths (0.001) of an index point. 
 
23.A.015 
 MSCI EMERGING MARKETS LATIN AMERICA INDEX FUTURES 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI Emerging Markets Latin America Index Futures Contracts shall be 
determined by the Exchange. On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such 
future shall be 4:15 p.m. New York time. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $20.00 times the MSCI Emerging Markets Latin America Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI Emerging Markets Latin America Index Futures Contract 
shall be 0.10 Index Points, which is $2.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price 
basis with the exception of certain Block Trades which may be priced in thousandths (0.001) of an index 
point. 
 
 


23.A.016 
RESERVED 
23.A.017 
 MSCI ACWI EX-US INDEX FUTURES 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI ACWI Ex-US Index Futures Contracts shall be determined by the 
Exchange. On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such future shall be 4:15 
p.m. New York time. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $200.00 times the MSCI ACWI Ex-US Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI ACWI Ex-US Index Futures shall be 0.025 Index Points, 
which is $5.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the exception of 
certain Block Trades as may be specified by the Exchange, in which case the minimum price fluctuation 
shall be .001 Index points, which is $0.20 per contract. 
23.A.018 
RESERVED 
23.A.019 
MSCI ACWI NTR INDEX FUTURES 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI ACWI NTR Index Futures Contracts shall be determined by the 
Exchange. On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such future shall be 4:15 
p.m. New York time. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $200.00 times the MSCI ACWI NTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI ACWI NTR Index Futures shall be 0.025 Index Points, 
which is $5.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the exception of 
certain Block Trades as may be specified by the Exchange, in which case the minimum price fluctuation 
shall be .001 Index points, which is $0.20 per contract. 
23.A.020 
RESERVED 
23.A.021 
MSCI EMERGING MARKETS ASIA (“EM ASIA”) NTR INDEX FUTURES 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI EM Asia NTR Index Futures Contracts shall be determined by the 
Exchange. On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such future shall be 4:15 
p.m. New York time. 


Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $100.00 times the MSCI EM Asia NTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI EM Asia NTR Index Futures Contract shall be 0.05 Index 
Points, for outright trades and 0.02 Index Points for spread trades which is $5.00 per contract for outright 
trades and $2.00 for spread trades.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the 
exception of certain Block Trades which may be priced in thousandths (0.001) of an index point.   
23.A.022 
MSCI USA SMALL CAP INDEX FUTURES 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI USA Small Cap Index Futures Contracts shall be determined by the 
Exchange.  On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such future shall be 4:15 
p.m. New York time. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $100.00 times the MSCI USA Small Cap Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI USA Small Cap Index Futures shall be 0.10 Index Points 
for outright trades, and 0.05 Index Points for spread trades.  The dollar value of the minimum price 
fluctuation shall be ten dollars ($10.00) for outright trades and five dollars ($5.00) for spread trades. 
Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the exception of certain Block Trades which 
may be priced in thousandths (0.001) of an index point. 
23.A.023 
MSCI EMERGING MARKETS NTR INDEX (EUR) FUTURES 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI Emerging Markets NTR Index (EUR) Futures Contracts shall be 
determined by the Exchange.  On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such 
future shall be 4:15 p.m. New York time. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be €100.00 times the MSCI Emerging Markets NTR Index (EUR). 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI Emerging Markets NTR Index (EUR) Futures shall be 0.10 
Index Points, which is €10.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the 
exception of certain Block Trades which may be priced in thousandths (0.001) of an index point. 
 
 


23.A.024 
MSCI EMERGING MARKETS EMEA NTR INDEX FUTURES 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI Emerging Markets EMEA NTR Index Futures Contracts shall be 
determined by the Exchange.  On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such 
future shall be 4:15 p.m. New York time. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $100.00 times the MSCI Emerging Markets EMEA NTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI Emerging Markets EMEA NTR Index Futures shall be 
0.05 Index Points for outright trades and 0.02 Index Points for spread trades, which is $5.00 per contract 
for outright trades and $2.00 per contract for spread trades.  Contracts shall not be made on any other 
price basis with the exception of certain Block Trades which may be priced in thousandths (0.001) of an 
index point. 
 
23.A.025 
MSCI EMERGING MARKETS LatAm NTR INDEX FUTURES 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI Emerging Markets LatAm NTR Index Futures Contracts shall be 
determined by the Exchange.  On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such 
future shall be 4:15 p.m. New York time. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $100.00 times the MSCI Emerging Markets Latin America NTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI Emerging Markets LatAm NTR Index Futures shall be 
0.05 Index Points for outright trades and 0.02 Index Points for spread trades, which is $5.00 per contract 
for outright trades and $2.00 per contract for spread trades.  Contracts shall not be made on any other 
price basis with the exception of certain Block Trades which may be priced in thousandths (0.001) of an 
index point. 
23.A.026 
RESERVED 
 
 


23.A.027 
MSCI INDIA NTR INDEX FUTURES 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI India NTR Index Futures Contracts shall be determined by the Exchange.  
On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such future shall be 4:15 p.m. New 
York time. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $100.00 times the MSCI India NTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI India NTR Index Futures shall be 0.05 Index Points, which 
is $5.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the exception of Block 
Trades which may be priced in thousandths (0.001) of an index point. 
23.A.028 
RESERVED 
23.A.029 
MSCI PACIFIC NTR INDEX FUTURES 
 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI Pacific NTR Index Futures Contracts shall be determined by the 
Exchange.  On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such future shall be 4:15 
p.m. New York time. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $10.00 times the MSCI Pacific NTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI Pacific NTR Index Futures shall be 1.00 Index Points, 
which is $10.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the exception of 
Block Trades which may be priced in thousandths (0.001) of an index point. 
 
 


23.A.030 
MSCI NORTH AMERICA NTR INDEX FUTURES 
 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI North America NTR Index Futures Contracts shall be determined by the 
Exchange.  On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such future shall be 4:15 
p.m. New York time. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $10.00 times the MSCI North America NTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI North America NTR Index Futures shall be 1.00 Index 
Points, which is $10.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the 
exception of certain Block Trades which may be priced in thousandths (0.001) of an index point. 
23.A.031 
MSCI WORLD NTR INDEX FUTURES 
 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI World NTR Index Futures Contracts shall be determined by the Exchange.  
On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such future shall be 4:15 p.m. New 
York time. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $10.00 times the MSCI World NTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI World NTR Index Futures shall be 1.00 Index Points for 
outright trades and 0.50 Index Points for spread trades, which is $10.00 per contract for outright trades 
and $5.00 per contract for spread trades.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the 
exception of certain Block Trades which may be priced in thousandths (0.001) of an index point. 
 
23.A.032 
MSCI EUROPE NTR INDEX FUTURES 
 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI Europe NTR Index Futures Contracts shall be determined by the 
Exchange.  On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such future shall be 4:15 
p.m. New York time. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $10.00 times the MSCI Europe NTR Index. 
 


Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI Europe NTR Index Futures shall be 1.00 Index Points, 
which is $10.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the exception of 
certain Block Trades which may be priced in thousandths (0.001) of an index point. 
23.A.033 
MSCI USA GTR INDEX FUTURES 
 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI USA GTR Index Futures Contracts shall be determined by the Exchange.  
On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such future shall be 4:15 p.m. 
NewYork time. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $5.00 times the MSCI USA GTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI USA GTR Index Futures shall be 1.00 Index Points, which 
is $5.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the exception of certain 
Block Trades which may be priced in thousandths (0.001) of an index point. 
23.A.034 
MSCI CANADA GTR INDEX FUTURES 
 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI Canada GTR Index Futures Contracts shall be determined by the 
Exchange.  On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such future shall be 4:15 
p.m. New York time. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $10.00 times the MSCI Canada GTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI Canada GTR Index Futures shall be 1.00 Index Points, 
which is $10.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the exception of 
certain Block Trades which may be priced in thousandths (0.001) of an index point. 
 
 


23.A.035 
MSCI AC ASIA EX JAPAN NTR INDEX FUTURES 
 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI AC Asia ex Japan NTR Index Futures Contracts shall be determined by 
the Exchange.  On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such future shall be 
4:15 p.m. New York time. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $100.00 times the MSCI AC Asia ex Japan NTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI AC Asia ex Japan NTR Index Futures shall be 0.10 Index 
Points, which is $10.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the 
exception of Block Trades as may be specified by the Exchange, in which case the minimum price 
fluctuation shall be 0.001 Index Points, which is $0.10 per contract. 
23.A.036 
MSCI PACIFIC EX JAPAN NTR INDEX FUTURES 
 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI Pacific ex Japan NTR Index Futures Contracts shall be determined by the 
Exchange.  On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such future shall be 4:15 
p.m. New York time. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $10.00 times the MSCI Pacific ex Japan NTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI Pacific ex Japan NTR Index Futures shall be 1.00 Index 
Points, which is $10.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the 
exception of Block Trades as may be specified by the Exchange, in which case the minimum price 
fluctuation shall be 0.001 Index Points, which is $0.01 per contract. 
23.A.037 
RESERVED 
 
 


23.A.038 
MSCI WORLD ESG LEADERS NTR INDEX FUTURES 
 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI World ESG Leaders NTR Index Futures Contracts shall be determined by 
the Exchange.  On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such future shall be 
4:15 p.m. New York time. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $200.00 times the MSCI World ESG Leaders NTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI World ESG Leaders NTR Index Futures shall be 0.050 
Index Points, which is $10.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the 
exception of certain Block Trades as may be specified by the Exchange, in which case the minimum 
price fluctuation shall be 0.001 Index Points, which is $0.20 per contract. 
23.A.039 
MSCI EAFE ESG LEADERS NTR INDEX FUTURES 
 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI EAFE ESG Leaders NTR Index Futures Contracts shall be determined by 
the Exchange.  On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such future shall be 
4:15 p.m. New York time. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $200.00 times the MSCI EAFE ESG Leaders NTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI EAFE ESG Leaders NTR Index Futures shall be 0.050 
Index Points, which is $10.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the 
exception of certain Block Trades as may be specified by the Exchange, in which case the minimum 
price fluctuation shall be 0.001 Index Points, which is $0.20 per contract. 
 
 


23.A.040 
MSCI EUROPE ESG LEADERS NTR INDEX FUTURES 
 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI Europe ESG Leaders NTR Index Futures Contracts shall be determined by 
the Exchange.  On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such future shall be 
4:15 p.m. New York time. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $200.00 times the MSCI Europe ESG Leaders NTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI Europe ESG Leaders NTR Index Futures shall be 0.050 
Index Points, which is $10.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the 
exception of certain Block Trades as may be specified by the Exchange, in which case the minimum 
price fluctuation shall be 0.001 Index Points, which is $0.20 per contract. 
23.A.041 
MSCI EM ESG LEADERS NTR INDEX FUTURES 
 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI EM ESG Leaders NTR Index Futures Contracts shall be determined by the 
Exchange.  On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such future shall be 4:15 
p.m. New York time. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $25.00 times the MSCI EM ESG Leaders NTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI EM ESG Leaders NTR Index Futures shall be 0.100 Index 
Points, which is $2.50 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the 
exception of certain Block Trades which may be priced in thousandths (0.001) of an index point. 
23.A.042 
MSCI USA ESG LEADERS GTR INDEX FUTURES 
 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI USA ESG Leaders GTR Index Futures Contracts shall be determined by 
the Exchange.  On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such future shall be 
4:15 p.m. New York time. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $100.00 times the MSCI USA ESG Leaders GTR Index. 
 


Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI USA ESG Leaders GTR Index Futures shall be 0.100 
Index Points, which is $10.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the 
exception of certain Block Trades as may be specified by the Exchange, in which case the minimum 
price fluctuation shall be 0.001 Index Points, which is $0.10 per contract. 
23.A.043 
MSCI USA CLIMATE CHANGE NTR INDEX FUTURES 
 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI USA Climate Change NTR Index Futures Contracts shall be determined 
by the Exchange.  On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such future shall 
be 4:15 p.m. New York time. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $25.00 times the MSCI USA Climate Change NTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI USA Climate Change NTR Index Futures shall be 0.100 
Index Points, which is $2.50 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the 
exception of certain Block Trades which may be priced in thousandths (0.001) of an index point. 
23.A.044 
MSCI JAPAN ESG SELECT LEADERS GTR INDEX FUTURES 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI Japan ESG Select Leaders GTR Index Futures Contracts shall be 
determined by the Exchange.  On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such 
future shall be 4:15 p.m. New York time. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be ¥1,000 times the MSCI Japan ESG Select Leaders GTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI Japan ESG Select Leaders GTR Index Futures shall be 
0.100 Index Points, which is ¥100 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis 
with the exception of certain Block Trades as may be specified by the Exchange, in which case the 
minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.001 Index Points, which is  ¥100 per contract. 
 
 


23.A.045 
MSCI JAPAN NTR INDEX FUTURES 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI Japan NTR Index Futures Contracts shall be determined by the Exchange.  
On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such future shall be 4:15 p.m. New 
York time. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $10.00 times the MSCI Japan NTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI Japan NTR Index Futures shall be 0.100 Index Points, 
which is $1.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the exception of 
certain Block Trades as may be specified by the Exchange, in which case the minimum price fluctuation 
shall be 0.001 Index Points, which is $0.01 per contract. 
23.A.046 
MSCI USA MINIMUM VOLATILITY GTR INDEX FUTURES 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI USA Minimum Volatility GTR Index Futures Contracts shall be 
determined by the Exchange.  On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such 
future shall be 4:15 p.m. New York time. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $10.00 times the MSCI USA Minimum Volatility GTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI USA Minimum Volatility GTR Index Futures shall be 
0.100 Index Points, which is $1.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis 
with the exception of certain Block Trades as may be specified by the Exchange, in which case the 
minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.001 Index Points, which is $0.01 per contract. 
23.A.047 
MSCI EMERGING MARKETS EX CHINA NTR INDEX FUTURES 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI Emerging Markets ex China NTR Index Futures Contracts shall be 
determined by the Exchange.  On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such 
future shall be 4:15 p.m. New York time. 
 
 


Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $10.00 times the MSCI Emerging Markets ex China NTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI Emerging Markets ex China NTR Index Futures shall be 
0.100 Index Points, which is $1.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis 
with the exception of certain Block Trades as may be specified by the Exchange, in which case the 
minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.001 Index Points, which is $0.01 per contract. 
23.A.048 
MSCI AUSTRALIA NTR INDEX FUTURES 
 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI Australia NTR Index Futures Contracts shall be determined by the 
Exchange.  On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such future shall be 4:15 
p.m. New York time. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $10.00 times the MSCI Australia NTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI Australia NTR Index Futures shall be 1.000 Index Points, 
which is $10.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the exception of 
certain Block Trades as may be specified by the Exchange, in which case the minimum price fluctuation 
shall be 0.001 Index Points, which is $0.01 per contract. 
23.A.049 
MSCI MALAYSIA NTR INDEX FUTURES 
 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI Malaysia NTR Index Futures Contracts shall be determined by the 
Exchange.  On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such future shall be 4:15 
p.m. New York time. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $100.00 times the MSCI Malaysia NTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI Malaysia NTR Index Futures shall be 0.100 Index Points, 
which is $10.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the exception of 
certain Block Trades as may be specified by the Exchange, in which case the minimum price fluctuation 
shall be 0.001 Index Points, which is $0.10 per contract. 
 
 


23.A.050 
MSCI THAILAND NTR INDEX FUTURES 
 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI Thailand NTR Index Futures Contracts shall be determined by the 
Exchange.  On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such future shall be 4:15 
p.m. New York time. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $25.00 times the MSCI Thailand NTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI Thailand NTR Index Futures shall be 0.100 Index Points, 
which is $2.50 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the exception of 
certain Block Trades as may be specified by the Exchange, in which case the minimum price fluctuation 
shall be 0.001 Index Points, which is $0.025 per contract. 
23.A.051 
RESERVED 
 
23.A.052 
RESERVED 
 
23.A.053 
RESERVED  
 
23.A.054 
MSCI EUROPE CLIMATE CHANGE NTR INDEX FUTURES 
 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI Europe Climate Change NTR Index Futures Contracts shall be determined 
by the Exchange.  On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such future shall 
be 4:15 p.m. New York time. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be €20.00 times the MSCI Europe Climate Change NTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI Europe Climate Change NTR Index Futures shall be 0.100 
Index Points, which is €2.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the 
exception of certain Block Trades as may be specified by the Exchange, in which case the minimum 
price fluctuation shall be 0.001 Index Points, which is €0.02 per contract. 
 
 


23.A.055 
MSCI WORLD CLIMATE CHANGE NTR INDEX FUTURES 
 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI World Climate Change NTR Index Futures Contracts shall be determined 
by the Exchange.  On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such future shall 
be 4:15 p.m. New York time. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $20.00 times the MSCI World Climate Change NTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI World Climate Change NTR Index Futures shall be 0.100 
Index Points, which is $2.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the 
exception of certain Block Trades as may be specified by the Exchange, in which case the minimum 
price fluctuation shall be 0.001 Index Points, which is $0.02 per contract. 
23.A.056 
MSCI KOKUSAI GTR INDEX FUTURES 
 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI Kokusai GTR Index Futures Contracts shall be determined by the 
Exchange.  On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such future shall be 4:15 
p.m. New York time. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be ¥1,000 times the MSCI Kokusai GTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI Kokusai GTR Index Futures shall be 0.100 Index Points, 
which is ¥100 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the exception of 
certain Block Trades as may be specified by the Exchange, in which case the minimum price fluctuation 
shall be 0.001 Index Points, which is ¥1 per contract. 
23.A.057 
RESERVED 
 
23.A.058 
MSCI CHINA NTR INDEX FUTURES 
 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI China NTR Index Futures Contracts shall be determined by the Exchange.  
On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such future shall be 4:15 p.m. New 
York time. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $100 times the MSCI China NTR Index. 


Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI China NTR Index Futures shall be 0.050 Index Points, 
which is $5 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the exception of 
certain Block Trades as may be specified by the Exchange, in which case the minimum price fluctuation 
shall be 0.001 Index Points, which is $0.10 per contract. 
23.A.059 
MSCI USA SMALL CAP GTR INDEX FUTURES 
 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI USA Small Cap GTR Index Futures Contracts shall be determined by the 
Exchange.  On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such future shall be 4:15 
p.m. New York time. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $100 times the MSCI USA Small Cap GTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI USA Small Cap GTR Index Futures shall be 0.050 Index 
Points, which is $5 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the exception 
of certain Block Trades as may be specified by the Exchange, in which case the minimum price 
fluctuation shall be 0.001 Index Points, which is $0.10 per contract. 
23.A.060 
MSCI GERMANY NTR INDEX FUTURES 
 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI Germany NTR Index Futures Contracts shall be determined by the 
Exchange.  On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such future shall be 4:15 
p.m. New York time. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be €100 times the MSCI Germany NTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI Germany NTR Index Futures shall be 0.050 Index Points, 
which is €5 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the exception of 
certain Block Trades as may be specified by the Exchange, in which case the minimum price fluctuation 
shall be 0.001 Index Points, which is €0.10 per contract. 
 
 


23.A.061 
RESERVED 
 
23.A.062 
MSCI WORLD CLIMATE PARIS ALIGNED  NTR INDEX FUTURES 
 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI World Climate Paris Aligned NTR Index Futures Contracts shall be 
determined by the Exchange.  On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such 
future shall be 4:15 p.m. New York time. 
Contract Symbol 
MVR 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $25.00 times the MSCI World Climate Paris Aligned NTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI World Paris Aligned NTR Index Futures shall be 0.100 
Index Points, which is $2.50 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the 
exception of certain Block Trades as may be specified by the Exchange, in which case the minimum 
price fluctuation shall be 0.001 Index Points, which is $0.025 per contract. 
23.A.063 
MSCI USA CLIMATE PARIS ALIGNED  GTR INDEX FUTURES 
 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI USA Climate Paris Aligned GTR Index Futures Contracts shall be 
determined by the Exchange.  On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such 
future shall be 4:15 p.m. New York time. 
Contract Symbol 
MVS 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $20.00 times the MSCI USA Climate Paris Aligned GTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI USA Paris Aligned GTR Index Futures shall be 0.100 
Index Points, which is $2.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the 
exception of certain Block Trades as may be specified by the Exchange, in which case the minimum 
price fluctuation shall be 0.001 Index Points, which is $0.02 per contract. 
 
 


23.A.064 
MSCI EUROPE CLIMATE PARIS ALIGNED NTR INDEX FUTURES 
 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI Europe Climate Paris Aligned NTR Index Futures Contracts shall be 
determined by the Exchange.  On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such 
future shall be 4:15 p.m. New York time. 
Contract Symbol 
MVT 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be €25.00 times the MSCI Europe Climate Paris Aligned NTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI Europe Paris Aligned NTR Index Futures shall be 0.100 
Index Points, which is €2.50 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the 
exception of certain Block Trades as may be specified by the Exchange, in which case the minimum 
price fluctuation shall be 0.001 Index Points, which is €0.025 per contract. 
23.A.065 
MSCI EM CLIMATE PARIS ALIGNED NTR INDEX FUTURES 
 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI EM Climate Paris Aligned NTR Index Futures Contracts shall be 
determined by the Exchange.  On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such 
future shall be 4:15 p.m. New York time. 
Contract Symbol 
MVU 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $40.00 times the MSCI EM Climate Paris Aligned NTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI EM Paris Aligned NTR Index Futures shall be 0.050 Index 
Points, which is $2.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the 
exception of certain Block Trades as may be specified by the Exchange, in which case the minimum 
price fluctuation shall be 0.001 Index Points, which is $0.02 per contract. 
 
 


23.A.066 
MSCI EUROPE (EURO) NTR INDEX FUTURES 
 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI Europe (Euro) NTR Index Futures Contracts shall be determined by the 
Exchange.  On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such future shall be 4:15 
p.m. New York time. 
Contract Symbol 
MVV 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be €100.00 times the MSCI Europe (Euro) NTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI Europe (Euro) NTR Index Futures shall be 0.050 Index 
Points, which is €5.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the 
exception of certain Block Trades as may be specified by the Exchange, in which case the minimum 
price fluctuation shall be 0.001 Index Points, which is €0.010 per contract. 
23.A.067 
MSCI EM ASIA ESG LEADERS NTR INDEX FUTURES 
 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI EM Asia ESG Leaders NTR Index Futures Contracts shall be determined 
by the Exchange.  On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such future shall 
be 4:15 p.m. New York time. 
Contract Symbol 
ESG 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $20.00 times the MSCI EM Asia ESG Leaders NTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI EM Asia ESG Leaders NTR Index Futures shall be 0.100 
Index Points, which is $2.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the 
exception of certain Block Trades as may be specified by the Exchange, in which case the minimum 
price fluctuation shall be 0.001 Index Points, which is $0.02 per contract. 
 
 


 
23.A.068 
MSCI EAFE CLIMATE PARIS ALIGNED NTR INDEX FUTURES 
 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI EAFE Climate Paris Aligned NTR Index Futures Contracts shall be 
determined by the Exchange.  On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such 
future shall be 4:15 p.m. New York time. 
Contract Symbol 
ESH 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $20.00 times the MSCI EAFE Climate Paris Aligned NTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI EAFE Paris Aligned NTR Index Futures shall be 0.100 
Index Points, which is $2.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the 
exception of certain Block Trades as may be specified by the Exchange, in which case the minimum 
price fluctuation shall be 0.001 Index Points, which is $0.02 per contract. 
23.A.069 
MSCI WORLD NTR (EUR) INDEX FUTURES 
 
Trading Schedule 
 
The hours of trading in MSCI World NTR (Eur) Index Futures Contracts shall be determined by the 
Exchange.  On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such future shall be 4:15 
p.m. New York time. 
Contract Symbol 
ESI 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be €100.00 times the MSCI World NTR (Eur) Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI World NTR (Eur) Index Futures shall be 0.050 Index 
Points, which is €5.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the 
exception of certain Block Trades as may be specified by the Exchange, in which case the minimum 
price fluctuation shall be 0.001 Index Points, which is €0.10 per contract. 
 
 


23.A.070 
MSCI ACWI NTR INDEX FUTURES (EUR) 
 
Trading Schedule 
 
The hours of trading in MSCI ACWI NTR Index Futures (EUR) Contracts shall be determined by the 
Exchange.  On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such future shall be 4:15 
p.m. New York time. 
Contract Symbol 
MTJ 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be €100.00 times the MSCI ACWI NTR Index (EUR). 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI ACWI NTR Index Futures (EUR) shall be 0.050 Index 
Points, which is €5.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the 
exception of certain Block Trades as may be specified by the Exchange, in which case the minimum 
price fluctuation shall be 0.001 Index Points, which is €0.10 per contract. 
23.A.071 
MSCI USA LOW CARBON TARGET CORE GTR INDEX FUTURES 
 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI USA Low Carbon Target Core GTR Index Futures Contracts shall be 
determined by the Exchange.  On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such 
future shall be 4:15 p.m. New York time. 
Contract Symbol 
MTK 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $10.00 times the MSCI USA Low Carbon Target Core GTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI USA Low Carbon Target Core GTR Index Futures shall be 
1.000 Index Points, which is $10.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis 
with the exception of certain Block Trades as may be specified by the Exchange, in which case the 
minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.001 Index Points, which is $0.01 per contract. 
 
 


23.A.072  
MSCI EM LOW CARBON TARGET CORE GTR INDEX FUTURES 
 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI EM Low Carbon Target Core GTR Index Futures Contracts shall be 
determined by the Exchange.  On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such 
future shall be 4:15 p.m. New York time. 
Contract Symbol 
MTL 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $50.00 times the MSCI EM Low Carbon Target Core GTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI EM Low Carbon Target Core GTR Index Futures shall be 
0.100 Index Points, which is $5.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis 
with the exception of certain Block Trades as may be specified by the Exchange, in which case the 
minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.001 Index Points, which is $0.05 per contract. 
23.A.073 
MSCI WORLD EX USA LOW CARBON TARGET CORE NTR INDEX 
FUTURES 
 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI World ex USA Low Carbon Target Core NTR Index Futures Contracts 
shall be determined by the Exchange.  On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time 
for such future shall be 4:15 p.m. New York time. 
Contract Symbol 
MTM 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $25.00 times the MSCI World ex USA Low Carbon Target Core NTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI World ex USA Low Carbon Target Core NTR Index 
Futures shall be .100 Index Points, which is $2.50 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other 
price basis with the exception of certain Block Trades as may be specified by the Exchange, in which 
case the minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.001 Index Points, which is $0.025 per contract. 
 
 


 
23.A.074  
MSCI EAFE LOW CARBON TARGET CORE GTR INDEX FUTURES 
 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI EAFE Low Carbon Target Core GTR Index Futures Contracts shall be 
determined by the Exchange.  On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such 
future shall be 4:15 p.m. New York time. 
Contract Symbol 
MTN 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $25.00 times the MSCI EAFE Low Carbon Target Core GTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI EAFE Low Carbon Target Core Index Futures shall be 
0.100 Index Points, which is $2.50 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis 
with the exception of certain Block Trades as may be specified by the Exchange, in which case the 
minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.001 Index Points, which is $0.025 per contract. 
23.A.075 
MSCI ACWI LOW CARBON TARGET CORE NTR INDEX FUTURES 
 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI ACWI Low Carbon Target Core NTR Index Futures Contracts shall be 
determined by the Exchange.  On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such 
future shall be 4:15 p.m. New York time. 
Contract Symbol 
MTO 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $20.00 times the MSCI ACWI Low Carbon Target Core NTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI ACWI Low Carbon Target Core NTR Index Futures shall 
be .100 Index Points, which is $2.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis 
with the exception of certain Block Trades as may be specified by the Exchange, in which case the 
minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.001 Index Points, which is $0.02 per contract. 
 
 


23.A.076  
MSCI EM ex China ex Taiwan NTR INDEX FUTURES 
 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI EM ex China ex Taiwan NTR Index Futures Contracts shall be determined 
by the Exchange.  On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such future shall 
be 4:15 p.m. New York time. 
Contract Symbol 
MTP 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $50.00 times the MSCI EM ex China ex Taiwan NTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI EM ex China ex Taiwan NTR Index Futures shall be 0.100 
Index Points, which is $5.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the 
exception of certain Block Trades as may be specified by the Exchange, in which case the minimum 
price fluctuation shall be 0.001 Index Points, which is $0.05 per contract. 
23.A.077 
 MSCI EM ex China ex Taiwan PRICE INDEX FUTURES 
 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MSCI EM ex China ex Taiwan Price Index Futures Contracts shall be 
determined by the Exchange.  On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such 
future shall be 4:15 p.m. New York time. 
Contract Symbol 
MTQ 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $50.00 times the MSCI EM ex China ex Taiwan Price Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI EM ex China ex Taiwan Price Index Futures shall be 0.100 
Index Points, which is $5.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the 
exception of certain Block Trades as may be specified by the Exchange, in which case the minimum 
price fluctuation shall be 0.001 Index Points, which is $0.05 per contract. 
 


Amended by the Board November 15, 2017 with the delisting of two MSCI Futures Contracts [MSCI 
Taiwan NTR Index Futures and MSCI South Africa NTR Index Futures Contracts]. 
Amended by the Board November 19, 2018; effective December 5, 2018 with the March 2019 expiration. 
Amended by the Board March 31, 2019; effective April 8, 2019 with the additions of nine new MSCI 
Contracts. 
Amended by the Board June 20, 2019; effective November 4, 2019 with the additions of five new MSCI 
Contracts. 
Amended by the Board November 1, 2019; effective December 9, 2019 with the addition of MSCI USA 
Climate Change NTR Index Futures Contract. 
Amended by the Board December 11, 2019; effective December 31, 2019 [with changes to Trading Halts or 
Underlying Securities Exchange in 23.A.003-23.A.005; 23.A.022, 23.A.033 and 23.A.042-23.A.043]. 
Amended by the Board April 14, 2020 with the delisting of the MSCI Mexico NTR Index Futures 
Contract. 
Amended by the Board June 24, 2020; effective September 22, 2020 with the addition of the MSCI Japan 
ESG Select Leaders GTR Index, MSCI Japan NTR Index and MSCI USA Minimum Volatility GTR 
Index. 
Amended by the Board November 11, 2020; effective November 23, 2020 with the addition of MSCI 
Emerging Markets ex China NTR Index Futures 
Amended by the Board November 10, 2020, effective December 14, 2020 with the addition of ten new 
MSCI Equity Index Futures Contracts. 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2021; effective September 13, 2021 with the addition of four new MSCI 
Equity Index Futures Contracts. 
Amended by the Board September 22, 2021; effective February 14, 2022 with the addition of five new 
MSCI Equity Index Futures Contracts. 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2022; effective December 5, 2022 with the addition of three new MSCI 
Equity Index Futures Contracts. 
Amended by the Board March 22, 2023; effective April 17, 2023 with the addition of eight new MSCI 
Equity Index Futures Contracts. 


 
ICE Futures U.S.®, Inc. 
  
 MSCI INDEX DAILY FUTURES 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Rule 
Subject 
 
24.1. 
Scope of Chapter 
 
24.2 
Eligible Contract Dates  
24.3 
Trading Hours  
24.4 
Last Trading Day 
24.5 
Cash Settlement Procedures 
 
24.6  
Trading Halts on Underlying Securities Exchanges 
 
24.7 
Notice Regarding MSCI 
 
Sub-Chapter A       MSCI INDEX FUTURES CONTRACTS 
 
24.A.001 
MSCI EAFE INDEX DAILY FUTURES 
24.A.002 
MSCI EMERGING MARKETS INDEX DAILY FUTURES 
24.A.003 
MSCI EMERGING MARKETS NTR USD INDEX DAILY FUTURES 
24.A.004 
MSCI ACWI NTR USD INDEX DAILY FUTURES 
24.A.005 
MSCI EMERGING MARKETS (EM) ASIA NTR USD INDEX DAILY FUTURES 
24.A.006 
MSCI EMERGING MARKETS EMEA NTR INDEX DAILY FUTURES 
24.A.007  
MSCI EMERGING MARKETS LATIN AMERICA NTR INDEX DAILY FUTURES 
24.A.008 
MSCI PACIFIC INDEX DAILY FUTURES 
24.A.009 
MSCI WORLD NTR INDEX DAILY FUTURES 
24.A.010  
MSCI EUROPE NTR USD INDEX DAILY FUTURES 
24.A.011 
MSCI USA GTR INDEX DAILY FUTURES 
24.A.012 
MSCI WORLD ESG LEADERS NTR INDEX DAILY FUTURES 
24.A.013 
MSCI EAFE ESG LEADERS NTR INDEX DAILY FUTURES 
24.A.014 
MSCI EUROPE ESG LEADERS NTR INDEX DAILY FUTURES 
24.A.015 
MSCI EMERGING MARKETS ESG LEADERS NTR INDEX DAILY FUTURES 
24.A.016 
MSCI USA ESG LEADERS GTR INDEX DAILY FUTURES 
24.A.017 
MSCI JAPAN NTR INDEX DAILY FUTURES 


ICE Futures U.S.®, Inc. 
 
CHAPTER 24 
MSCI INDEX DAILY FUTURES  
24.1 Scope of Chapter 
This chapter is limited in application to trading of MSCI Index Daily Futures Contracts.  The procedures 
for trading, clearing, settlement, and any other matters not specifically covered herein shall be governed by 
the general Rules of the Exchange. 
Each MSCI Index referenced in this chapter is subject to change by MSCI, Inc. as set forth in the MSCI 
Global Investable Market Indices Methodology: Index Construction Objectives, Guiding Principles and 
Methodology for the MSCI Global Investable Market Indices as that document is amended, updated and 
replaced from time-to-time.  Pursuant to the terms of the license granted by MSCI to the Exchange, under 
certain circumstances, the Exchanges may become responsible for maintaining, changing or amending the 
index upon which the Futures specified in this Chapter is valued. 
The terms and conditions of the Futures Contracts specified in this Chapter are deemed to include any 
relevant governmental, regulatory or court decree or order as recognized by the Exchange in a Notice to 
Members. 
24.2 Eligible Contract Dates 
In the absence of any other provisions in the respective Sub-Chapter for a particular MSCI Index Daily 
Futures Contract and unless determined otherwise by the Exchange, each Business Day on which ICE 
Futures U.S., Inc. monthly futures contracts are listed for trading shall be an Eligible Contract Date for 
MSCI Index Daily Futures Contracts, except that the Last Trading Days for the MSCI Index Monthly 
Futures Contracts shall not be an Eligible Contract Date. The number of Eligible Contract Dates open for 
trading at a given time shall be determined by the Exchange.  
24.3 Trading Hours 
The Trading Hours for all MSCI Index Daily Futures Contract shall be as determined by the Exchange. 
24.4 Last Trading Day 
In the absence of any other provisions in the respective Sub-Chapter for a particular MSCI Index Daily 
Futures Contract, the last day of trading for each MSCI Index Daily Futures Contract Eligible Contract 
Date shall be the Eligible Contract Date, and trading in such contract shall end at 6:00 pm NY local time 
on the Last Trading Day. 
24.5 Cash Settlement Procedures 
(a) 
Settlement 
MSCI Index Daily Futures Contracts open at the termination of trading shall be cash settled as set forth in 
paragraph (b) of this Rule using the end of day Index value for the respective MSCI Index Futures as 
calculated and published by MSCI. 
 


(b)  
Final Settlement Payment 
Payment in final settlement of an MSCI Index Daily Futures Contract will be made in accordance with the 
Clearing Organization Rules on the second Business Day following the termination of trading by Clearing 
Members with open positions at the time of termination of trading of the MSCI Index Daily Futures 
Contract.  The amount of the final settlement payment to be made or received will be calculated based on 
the final settlement value as a normal variation payment. 
24.6 Trading Halts on Underlying Securities Exchanges 
(a) 
This Rule shall apply to Exchange Index Daily Futures Contracts based on any the following MSCI 
USA Indexes: MSCI USA Index, MSCI USA Value Index, MSCI USA Growth Index, MSCI USA Small 
Cap Index, MSCI USA GTR Index, MSCI USA ESG Leaders GTR Index, MSCI USA Climate Change 
NTR Index and MSCI USA Minimum Volatility GTR Index. 
(b) 
On any Business Day when a general trading halt occurs on the New York Stock Exchange, Inc. 
(“NYSE”) pursuant to NYSE Rule 7.12, or similar rule of another relevant national securities exchange 
which is the primary securities market for the index underlying an Exchange MSCI Index Contract, trading 
in the relevant Exchange MSCI Index Daily Futures Contract shall be halted.  Trading of the Exchange 
contracts shall resume 10 minutes after the trading halt in the equities market commences, in the case where 
trading in the primary securities market is scheduled to resume on the same Business Day as the halt occurs. 
If trading in the applicable primary securities market is not scheduled to resume on the same Business Day 
as the trading halt in that market occurred, then trading in the relevant Exchange MSCI Index Daily Futures 
Contract shall resume at the regular opening time for such contract on the next Business Day. 
24.7 Notice Regarding MSCI 
The MSCI Index Daily Futures are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by MSCI Inc. (“MSCI”), 
any affiliate of MSCI or any other party involved in, or related to, making or compiling any Indexes.  The 
MSCI Index Daily Futures have not been passed on by MSCI, any of its affiliates or any other party involved 
in, or related to, making or compiling any Indexes as to their legality or suitability with respect to any 
person or entity.  MSCI, its affiliates and any other party involved in, or related to, making or compiling 
the MSCI Indexes do not guarantee the originality, accuracy and/or completeness of the MSCI Indexes or 
any data included therein.  Neither MSCI, any of its affiliates nor any other party involved in, or related to, 
making or compiling the MSCI Indexes makes any express or implied warranties, and expressly disclaims 
all warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose or use with respect to the related 
Futures Contract, the MSCI Index or any data included therein.  Without limiting any of the foregoing, in 
no event shall MSCI, any of its affiliates or any other party involved in, or related to, making or compiling 
the MSCI Indexes have any liability for any direct, special, punitive, indirect, or consequential damages, 
claims, losses or expenses relating to any futures or options contracts or caused by any errors or delays in 
calculating or disseminating the MSCI Indexes.  Neither MSCI, any of its affiliates not any other party 
involved in, or related to, making or compiling the MSCI Indexes has any obligation to take the needs of 
the issuers of the Contracts, the owners of the MSCI Index Futures or the Exchange into consideration in 
determining, composing or calculating any MSCI Indexes.  Neither MSCI its affiliates nor any other party 
involved in, or related to, making or compiling the MSCI Indexes is responsible for or have participated in 
the determination of the timing of, prices at, or quantities of the MSCI Index Daily Futures to be issued or 
in the determination or calculation of the equation by which the MSCI Index Daily Futures are redeemable 
for cash. 
Adopted by the Board June 22, 2022; effective December 5, 2022 [24.1 through 24.7]. 


24.A.001 
MSCI EAFE INDEX DAILY FUTURES 
Contract Symbol 
DMQ 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $50.00 times the MSCI EAFE Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI EAFE Index Daily Futures shall be 0.100 Index Points, which 
is $5.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis except for Block Trades, for 
which the minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.001 Index Points, or $0.05 per contract. 
Adopted by the Board June 22, 2022; effective December 5, 2022. 
 
24.A.002 
MSCI EMERGING MARKETS INDEX DAILY FUTURES 
Contract Symbol 
DMU 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $50.00 times the MSCI Emerging Markets Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI Emerging Markets Index Daily Futures shall be 0.100 Index 
Points, which is $5.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis except for Block 
Trades, for which the minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.001 Index Points, or $0.05 per contract. 
Adopted by the Board June 22, 2022; effective December 5, 2022. 
 
24.A.003 
MSCI EMERGING MARKETS NTR INDEX DAILYFUTURES 
Contract Symbol 
DMY 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $100.00 times the MSCI Emerging Markets Net Total Return Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI Emerging Markets NTR Index Daily Future shall be 0.100 
Index Points for outright trades and 0.020 Index Points for spread trades, which is $10.00 per contract for 


outright trades and $2.00 per contract for spread trades.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price 
basis except for Block Trades, for which the minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.001 Index Points, or 
$0.10 per contract. 
Adopted by the Board June 22, 2022; effective December 5, 2022. 
 
 
24.A.004 
MSCI ACWI NTR INDEX DAILY FUTURES 
Contract Symbol 
DML 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $200.00 times the MSCI ACWI NTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI ACWI NTR Index Daily Futures Contracts shall be 0.025 
Index Points, which is $5.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis except for 
Block Trades, for which the minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.001 Index Points, or $0.20 per contract. 
Adopted by the Board June 22, 2022; effective December 5, 2022. 
 
24.A.005 
MSCI EMERGING MARKETS ASIA (“EM ASIA”) NTR INDEX DAILY 
FUTURES 
Contract Symbol 
DMX 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $100.00 times the MSCI EM Asia NTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI EM Asia NTR Index Daily Futures Contract shall be 0.050 
Index Points for outright trades and 0.020 Index Points for spread trades, which is $5.00 per contract for 
outright trades and $2.00 per contract for spread trades.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price 
basis except for Block Trades, for which the minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.001 Index Points, or 
$0.10 per contract. 
Adopted by the Board June 22, 2022; effective December 5, 2022. 
 
 


24.A.006 
MSCI EMERGING MARKETS EMEA NTR INDEX DAILY FUTURES 
 
Contract Symbol 
DM6 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $100.00 times the MSCI Emerging Markets EMEA NTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI Emerging Markets EMEA NTR Index Daily Futures shall be 
0.050 Index Points for outright trades and 0.020 Index Points for spread trades, which is $5.00 per contract 
for outright trades and $2.00 per contract for spread trades.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price 
basis except for Block Trades, for which the minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.001 Index Points, or 
$0.10 per contract. 
Adopted by the Board June 22, 2022; effective December 5, 2022. 
 
24.A.007 
MSCI EMERGING MARKETS LatAm NTR INDEX DAILY FUTURES 
 
Contract Symbol 
DMW 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $100.00 times the MSCI Emerging Markets Latin America NTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI Emerging Markets LatAm NTR Index Daily Futures shall be 
0.050 Index Points for outright trades and 0.020 Index Points for spread trades, which is $5.00 per contract 
for outright trades and $2.00 per contract for spread trades.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price 
basis except for Block Trades, for which the minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.001 Index Points, or 
$0.10 per contract. 
Adopted by the Board June 22, 2022; effective December 5, 2022. 
 
 


24.A.008 
MSCI PACIFIC NTR INDEX DAILY FUTURES 
 
Contract Symbol 
DMV 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $10.00 times the MSCI Pacific NTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI Pacific NTR Index Futures shall be 1.00 Index Points, which 
is $10.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis except for Block Trades, for 
which the minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.001 Index Points, or $0.01 per contract. 
Adopted by the Board June 22, 2022; effective December 5, 2022. 
 
24.A.009 
MSCI WORLD NTR INDEX DAILY FUTURES 
 
Contract Symbol 
DMJ 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $10.00 times the MSCI World NTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI World NTR Index Daily Futures shall be 1.000 Index Points 
for outright trades and 0.500 Index Points for spread trades, which is $10.00 per contract for outright trades 
and $5.00 per contract for spread trades.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis except for 
Block Trades, for which the minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.001 Index Points, or $0.01 per contract.  
Adopted by the Board June 22, 2022; effective December 5, 2022. 
 
24.A.010 
MSCI EUROPE NTR INDEX DAILY FUTURES 
 
Contract Symbol 
DMR 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $10.00 times the MSCI Europe NTR Index. 
 


Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI Europe NTR Index Daily Futures shall be 1.000 Index Points, 
which is $10.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis except for Block Trades, 
for which the minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.001 Index Points, or $0.01 per contract. 
Adopted by the Board June 22, 2022; effective December 5, 2022. 
24.A.011 
MSCI USA GTR INDEX DAILY FUTURES 
 
Contract Symbol 
DMO 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $5.00 times the MSCI USA GTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI USA GTR Index Daily Futures shall be 1.000 Index Points, 
which is $5.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis except for Block Trades, 
for which the minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.001 Index Points, or $0.005 per contract. 
Adopted by the Board June 22, 2022; effective December 5, 2022. 
 
24.A.012 
MSCI WORLD ESG LEADERS NTR INDEX DAILY FUTURES 
Contract Symbol 
DM5 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $200.00 times the MSCI World ESG Leaders NTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI World ESG Leaders NTR Index Daily Futures shall be 0.050 
Index Points, which is $10.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis except for 
Block Trades, for which the minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.001 Index Points, or $0.20 per contract.  
 
 


24.A.013 
MSCI EAFE ESG LEADERS NTR INDEX DAILY FUTURES 
 
Contract Symbol 
DM2 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $200.00 times the MSCI EAFE ESG Leaders NTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI EAFE ESG Leaders NTR Index Daily Futures shall be 0.050 
Index Points, which is $10.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis except for 
Block Trades, for which the minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.001 Index Points, or $0.20 per contract. 
Adopted by the Board June 22, 2022; effective December 5, 2022. 
24.A.014 
MSCI EUROPE ESG LEADERS NTR INDEX DAILY FUTURES 
 
Contract Symbol 
DM3 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $200.00 times the MSCI Europe ESG Leaders NTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI Europe ESG Leaders NTR Index Daily Futures shall be 0.050 
Index Points, which is $10.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis except for 
Block Trades, for which the minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.001 Index Points, or $0.20 per contract. 
Adopted by the Board June 22, 2022; effective December 5, 2022. 
24.A.015 
MSCI EM ESG LEADERS NTR INDEX DAILY FUTURES 
 
Contract Symbol 
DMI 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $25.00 times the MSCI EM ESG Leaders NTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI EM ESG Leaders NTR Index Daily Futures shall be 0.100 
Index Points, which is $02.50 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis except for 
Block Trades, for which the minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.001 Index Points, or $0.025 per contract. 


24.A.016 
MSCI USA ESG LEADERS GTR INDEX DAILY FUTURES 
Contract Symbol 
DM4 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $100.00 times the MSCI USA ESG Leaders GTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI USA ESG Leaders GTR Index Daily Futures shall be 0.100 
Index Points, which is $10.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis except for 
Block Trades, for which the minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.001 Index Points, or $0.10 per contract. 
Adopted by the Board June 22, 2022; effective December 5, 2022. 
 
24.A.017 
MSCI JAPAN NTR INDEX DAILY FUTURES 
 
Contract Symbol 
DMS 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $10.00 times the MSCI Japan NTR Index. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the MSCI Japan NTR Index Daily Futures shall be 0.100 Index Points, 
which is $1.00 per contract.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis except for Block Trades, 
for which the minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.001 Index Points, or $0.01 per contract. 
Adopted by the Board June 22, 2022; effective December 5, 2022. 


ICE Futures U.S.®, Inc. 
  
 NYSE INDEX FUTURES 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Rule 
Subject 
 
 
25.1 
Scope of Chapter 
 
25.2 
Trading Specifications 
 
25.3 
Termination of Trading 
 
25.4 
Cash Settlement Procedures 
 
25.5  
Trading Halts on Underlying Securities Exchanges 
 
 
Sub-Chapter A NYSE Index Futures Contracts 
25.A.01 
MICRO NYSE FANG+™ Index Futures 
 
25.A.02 
NYSE Biotechnology GTR Index Futures 
 
25.A.03 
NYSE Semiconductor GTR Index Futures 
 
SPECIAL NOTICE RELATING TO RULES 
 
 
 


ICE Futures U.S.®, Inc. 
 
NYSE INDEX FUTURES  
25.1 Scope of Chapter 
This chapter is limited in application to trading of NYSE Index Futures Contracts.  The procedures for 
trading, clearing, settlement, and any other matters not specifically covered herein shall be governed by 
the general Rules of the Exchange. 
Each NYSE Index referenced in this chapter is subject to change by ICE Data Indices, LLC (“ICE Data”) 
as set forth in the Methodology document for the relevant NYSE index as that document is amended, 
updated and replaced from time-to-time, and each ICE Index referenced in this chapter is subject to 
change by ICE Data Services as set forth in the Methodology document for the relevant ICE index as that 
document is amended, updated and replaced from time-to-time and each ICE Index referenced in this 
chapter is subject to change by ICE Data Services as set forth in the Methodology document for the 
relevant ICE index as that document is amended, updated and replaced from time-to-time.   
The terms and conditions of the Futures Contracts specified in this Chapter are deemed to include any 
relevant governmental, regulatory or court decree or order as recognized by the Exchange in a Notice to 
Members. 
25.2 Trading Specifications 
In the absence of any other provisions in the respective Sub-Chapter for a particular NYSE Index Futures 
Contract, trading in the Futures Contracts shall be conducted in March, June, September and December 
delivery months.  The number of months open for trading at a given time shall be determined by the 
Exchange. 
25.3 Termination of Trading 
In the absence of any other provisions in the respective Sub-Chapter for a particular NYSE Index Futures 
Contract, the last day of trading for each Futures Contract shall be the third Friday of the contract month 
or, if the relevant underlying Index is not scheduled to be published for that day, on the first (1st) 
preceding day for which such Index is scheduled to be published. 
25.4 Cash Settlement Procedures 
(a) 
Settlement 
NYSE Index Futures Contracts open at the termination of trading shall be cash settled as set forth in 
paragraph (b) of this Rule using the Final Settlement Value as provided in the Sub-Chapter for the 
respective Futures Contract. 
 
(b) 
Final Settlement Payment 
 
Payment in final settlement of an NYSE Index Futures Contract will be made in accordance with the 
Clearing Organization Rules on the Business Day following the termination of trading by Clearing 
Members with open positions at the time of termination of trading of the Futures Contract.  The amount 
of the final settlement payment to be made or received will be calculated based on the final settlement 
value as a normal variation payment. 


25.5 Trading Halts on Underlying Securities Exchange 
On any Business Day when a general trading halt occurs on the New York Stock Exchange, Inc. 
(“NYSE”) pursuant to NYSE Rule 7.12, or any other relevant national securities exchange that is the 
primary securities market for the index underlying a NYSE Index Contract, trading in the relevant 
NYSE Index Contract shall be halted. If trading in the primary securities market is scheduled to 
resume after a trading halt pursuant to NYSE Rule 7.12 or similar rule of another relevant national 
securities exchange on the same Business Day as the trading halt in that market occurred, trading in 
the relevant Contract shall resume ten minutes after the trading halt in the primary securities market 
commences. If trading in the primary securities market is not scheduled to resume on the same 
Business Day as the trading halt in that market occurred, then trading in the relevant Contracts shall 
resume at the regular open time for the Index Contracts on the next Business Day. 
 
Amended by the Board October 20, 2020; effective October 30, 2020 with the addition of Rule 25.5 
Trading Halts on Underlying Securities Exchange 
Amended by the Board September 21, 2021; effective March 21, 2022 [¶¶ (25.1 through 25.5). 
Amendments to 25.1 through 25.5; effective November 3, 2023. 
 
 


25.A.01 
MICRO NYSE FANG+ Index Futures 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in MICRO NYSE FANG+ Index Futures Contracts shall be determined by the 
Exchange.  On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such future shall be 
9:30 a.m. New York time. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $5.00 times the NYSE FANG+ Index (price return version). 
Final Settlement Value 
The final settlement value for purposes of the contract’s cash settlement shall be the MICRO NYSE 
FANG+ Index as calculated by ICE Data rounded to the nearest 1/100th of an index point.  This value 
shall be based on a special opening quotation.  The Special Opening Quotation shall be a special 
quotation of the Index based on the opening prices of the component stocks in the index, determined 
on the third Friday of the contract month.  If the Index is not scheduled to be published on the third 
Friday of the contract month, the Special Opening Quotation shall be determined on the first earlier 
day for which the Index is scheduled to be published.  If the primary market for a component stock in 
the index does not open on the day scheduled for determination of the Special Opening Quotation, 
then the price of that stock shall be determined, for the purposes of calculating the Special Opening 
Quotation, based on the opening price of that stock on the next day its primary market is open for 
trading.  If a component stock in the index does not trade on the day scheduled for determination of 
the Special Opening Quotation while the primary market for that stock is open for trading, the price 
of that stock shall be determined, for the purposes of calculating the Special Opening Quotation, 
based on the last sale price of that stock. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the NYSE FANG+ Index Futures shall be 0.20 Index Points for 
outright trades, and 0.05 Index Points for spread trades.  The dollar value of the minimum price 
fluctuation shall be $1.00 for outright trades and $0.50 for spread trades. Contracts shall not be made 
on any other price basis with the exception of certain Block Trades as may be specified by the 
Exchange, in which case the minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.01 Index Points, which is $0.05 per 
contract. 
Amended by the Board September 7, 2018; effective September 21, 2018 [¶ (Final Settlement Value)]. 
Amended by the Board December 11, 2019; effective December 31, 2019 [¶ Trading Halts on Underlying 
Securities Exchanges]. 
Amended by the Board August 6, 2020; effective September 28, 2020. 
 
 


25.A.02 
NYSE Biotechnology GTR Index Futures 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in NYSE Biotechnology GTR Index Futures Contracts shall be determined by 
the Exchange.  On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such future shall 
be 4:15 p.m. New York time. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $100.00 times the NYSE Biotechnology GTR Index. 
Final Settlement Value 
The final settlement value for purposes of the contract’s cash settlement shall be the closing value of 
the NYSE Biotechnology GTR Index as calculated by ICE Data on the Last Trading Day of the 
expiring futures contract month. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the NYSE Biotechnology Index Futures shall be 0.050 Index 
Points, which is $5.00 per contract. Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the 
exception of Block Trades as may be specified by the Exchange, in which case the minimum price 
fluctuation shall be 0.001 Index Points, which is $0.10 per contract.  
 
25.A.03  
NYSE Semiconductor GTR Index Futures 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in NYSE Semiconductor GTR Index Futures Contracts shall be determined by 
the Exchange.  On the last day of trading in an expiring future, the closing time for such future shall 
be 4:15 p.m. New York time. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $50.00 times the NYSE Semiconductor GTR Index. 
Final Settlement Value 
The final settlement value for purposes of the contract’s cash settlement shall be the closing value of 
the NYSE Semiconductor GTR Index as calculated by ICE Data on the Last Trading Day of the 
expiring futures contract month. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the NYSE Semiconductor Index Futures shall be 0.050 Index 
Points, which is $2.50 per contract. Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the 
exception of Block Trades as may be specified by the Exchange, in which case the minimum price 
fluctuation shall be 0.001 Index Points, which is $0.05 per contract. 


Adopted by the Board September 22, 2021; effective March 21, 2022 with the addition of 25.B.01 and 
25.B.02]. 
Amendments to 25.B.02 and 25.B.03; effective November 3, 2023. 
SPECIAL NOTICE RELATING TO RULES 
 
NYSE FANG+™ Index, NYSE Biotechnology IndexSM and NYSE Semiconductor IndexSM 
(individually an “Index” and collectively the “Indexes”) are trademarks and/or service 
marks of ICE Data Indices, LLC or its affiliates (“ICE Data”) and have been licensed for 
use by ICE Futures U.S in connection with the listing and trading of futures contracts 
specified in this chapter 25 of the Exchange Rules. The futures contracts are not 
sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by ICE Data.  ICE Data makes no representations 
or warranties regarding the advisability of investing in securities or futures contracts, and 
any such investment based upon the performance of an Index particularly, or the ability 
of an Index to track general stock market performance.  
 
ICE DATA MAKES NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, AND 
HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF MER-
CHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE WITH 
RESPECT TO THE INDEXES OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN.  IN 
NO EVENT SHALL ICE DATA HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY 
SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES 
(INCLUDING LOST PROFITS), EVEN IF NOTIFIED OF THE POSSIBILITY 
OF SUCH DAMAGES.” 
 


 
 ICE MORTGAGE INDEX FUTURES 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Rule 
Subject 
 
 
26.0 
Scope of Chapter 
26.1 
Definitions 
26.2 
Trading Specifications 
 
26.3 
Termination of Trading 
 
26.4 
Cash Settlement Procedures 
 
26.5  
Trading Halts on Underlying Securities Exchanges 
 
 
Sub-Chapter A ICE Mortgage Index Futures Contracts 
26.A.01 
ICE U.S. Conforming 30-year Fixed Mortgage Rate Lock Weighted APR Index 
Futures 
26.A.02 
ICE U.S. Jumbo 30-year Fixed Mortgage Rate Lock Weighted APR Index 
Futures 
 
SPECIAL NOTICE RELATING TO RULES 
 
 
 


ICE Futures U.S.®, Inc. 
 
ICE MORTGAGE INDEX FUTURES  
26.0 Scope of Chapter 
This chapter is limited in application to trading of ICE Mortgage Index Futures Contracts.  The 
procedures for trading, clearing, settlement, and any other matters not specifically covered herein 
shall be governed by the general Rules of the Exchange. 
Each ICE Mortgage Index referenced in this chapter is subject to change by ICE Data Indices, 
LLC (“ICE Data”) as set forth in the Methodology document for the relevant “ICE U.S. 
Residential Mortgage Rate Lock Index Series” as that document is amended, updated and 
replaced from time-to-time.   
The terms and conditions of the ICE Mortgage Index Futures Contracts specified in this Chapter 
are deemed to include any relevant governmental, regulatory or court decree or order as recognized 
by the Exchange in a Notice to Members. 
26.1 Definitions 
 
As used in this Chapter 26, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 
 
 “Class A 30 Year UMBS Monthly Settlement Day” shall mean, with respect to any contract month 
of an ICE Mortgage Index Futures Contract, the settlement date for the calendar month underlying 
such Futures Contract, as published by SIFMA at: 
 
https://www.sifma.org/resources/general/mbs-notification-and-settlement-dates/ 
26.2 Trading Specifications 
In the absence of any other provisions in the respective Sub-Chapter for a particular ICE Mortgage 
Index Futures Contract, trading in the ICE Mortgage Index Futures Contracts shall be conducted 
in the current calendar month and any subsequent calendar months.  The number of months open 
for trading at a given time shall be determined by the Exchange. 
26.3 Termination of Trading 
In the absence of any other provisions in the respective Sub-Chapter for a particular ICE Mortgage 
Index Futures Contract, the last day of trading in each ICE Mortgage Index Futures Contract shall 
be the “Class A 30 Year UMBS Monthly Settlement Day” for the relevant calendar month, as 
published by SIFMA.  If the relevant underlying ICE Mortgage Index is not scheduled to be 
published for that day, the last day of trading shall be the first (1st) preceding Exchange Business 
Day for which such Index is scheduled to be published. 
 
 


26.4 Cash Settlement Procedures 
(a) 
Settlement 
ICE Mortgage Index Futures Contracts open at the termination of trading shall be cash settled as 
set forth in paragraph (b) of this Rule using the Final Settlement Price as provided in the Sub-
Chapter for the respective ICE Mortgage Index Futures Contract. 
(b) 
Final Settlement Payment 
Payment in final settlement of an ICE Mortgage Index Futures Contract will be made in accordance 
with the Clearing Organization Rules on the second Business Day following the termination of 
trading by Clearing Members with open positions at the time of termination of trading of the ICE 
Mortgage Index Futures Contract.  The amount of the final settlement payment to be made or 
received will be calculated based on the final settlement value as a normal variation payment. 
SPECIAL NOTICE RELATING TO RULES 
ICE U.S. Conforming 30-Year Fixed Mortgage Rate Lock Index and ICE U.S. Jumbo 30-Year 
Fixed Mortgage Rate Lock Index (individually, the “Index” and collectively, the “Indexes”) have 
been licensed by ICE Data Indices, LLC (“ICE Data”) for use by ICE Futures U.S in connection 
with Mortgage Index Futures Contracts.  Neither Index is sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted 
by ICE Data.  ICE Data makes no representations or warranties regarding the advisability of 
investing in securities or futures contracts, or any such investment based upon the performance of 
an Index particularly, or the ability of the Indexes to track general stock market performance.  
 
ICE DATA MAKES NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, AND 
HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF MER-
CHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE WITH 
RESPECT TO THE INDEXES OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN.  IN NO 
EVENT SHALL ICE DATA HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY SPECIAL, 
PUNITIVE, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING 
LOST PROFITS), EVEN IF NOTIFIED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH 
DAMAGES. 
 
 
 
 


26.A.01 
ICE U.S. Conforming 30-year Fixed Mortgage Rate Lock Weighted APR 
Index Futures 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in ICE U.S. Conforming 30-year Fixed Mortgage Rate Lock Weighted 
APR Index Futures Contracts shall be determined by the Exchange.   
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $5,000 times the Price Quotation such that one interest rate basis 
point equals $50 per contract. 
Price Quotation 
The price shall be quoted as 100 minus the numerical value of the Reference Rate to three 
decimal places, where the Reference Rate is the Weighted Average Annual Percentage Rate 
(APR) for fixed rate 30-year first-lien mortgage applications on single-family conventional 
conforming loans, including both new purchase and refinance loans, including cash-out 
refinance loans, as set forth by ICE Data in the relevant “ICE U.S. Residential Mortgage Rate 
Lock Index Series” Methodology document  as amended, updated and replaced from time-to-
time. 
Final Settlement Price 
The final settlement price shall be calculated as 100 minus the numerical value of the ICE U.S. 
Conforming 30-Year Fixed Mortgage Rate Lock Index price (LRC30FIX) on the Last Trading 
Day, as published by ICE Data, rounded to the nearest three decimal places. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the ICE U.S. Conforming 30-year Fixed Mortgage Rate 
Lock Weighted APR Index Futures shall be 0.005 Index Points.  The dollar value of the 
minimum price fluctuation shall be $25.00. Contracts shall not be made on any other price 
basis with the exception of certain Block and EFRP Trades, as may be specified by the 
Exchange, in which case the minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.001 Index Points, which is 
$5.00 per contract. 
 
26.A.02 
ICE U.S. Jumbo 30-year Fixed Mortgage Rate Lock Weighted APR Index 
Futures 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in ICE U.S. Jumbo 30-year Fixed Mortgage Rate Lock Weighted APR 
Index Futures Contracts shall be determined by the Exchange.   


Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $5,000 times the Price Quotation such that one interest rate basis 
point equals $50 per contract. 
Price Quotation 
The price shall be quoted as 100 minus the numerical value of the Reference Rate to three 
decimal places, where the Reference Rate is the Weighted Average Annual Percentage Rate 
(APR) for fixed rate jumbo 30-year first-lien mortgage applications on single-family loans 
including both new purchase and refinance loans; including cash-out refinance loans; and 
including both conventional loans and those originated through a government program such as 
FHA, VA and USDA, as set forth by ICE Data in the relevant “ICE U.S. Residential Mortgage 
Rate Lock Index Series” Methodology document and amended, updated and replaced from 
time-to-time. 
Final Settlement Price 
The final settlement price shall be calculated as 100 minus the numerical value of the ICE U.S. 
Jumbo 30-Year Fixed Mortgage Rate Lock Index price (LRJ30FIX) on the Last Trading Day, 
as published by ICE Data, rounded to the nearest three decimal places. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation for the ICE U.S. Jumbo 30-year Fixed Mortgage Rate Lock 
Weighted APR Index Futures shall be 0.005 Index Points.  The dollar value of the minimum 
price fluctuation shall be $25.00. Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with the 
exception of certain Block and EFRP Trades, as may be specified by the Exchange, in which 
case the minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.001 Index Points, which is $5.00 per contract. 
 
 


ICE Futures U.S.®, Inc. 
 
ICE SOFR INDEX FUTURES 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Rule 
Subject 
 
 
27.0 
Scope of Chapter 
27.1 
Definitions 
27.2 
Cash Settlement Procedures 
 
 
 
 
Sub-Chapter A ICE SOFR Index Futures Contracts 
 
27.A.01 
ICE One-Month SOFR Index Futures 
27.A.02 
ICE Three-Month SOFR Index Futures 
 
 
 
 


ICE Futures U.S.®, Inc. 
 
ICE SOFR INDEX FUTURES 
27.0 Scope of Chapter 
This chapter is limited in application to trading of ICE SOFR Index Futures Contracts.  The procedures for 
trading, clearing, settlement, and any other matters not specifically covered herein shall be governed by the 
general Rules of the Exchange. 
The terms and conditions of the ICE SOFR Index Futures Contracts specified in this Chapter are deemed 
to include any relevant governmental, regulatory or court decree or order as recognized by the Exchange in 
a Notice to Members. 
27.1 Definitions 
 
As used in this Chapter 27, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 
 
Accrual Period - means the period for which quoted rates in the SOFR are include in the determination of 
the Final Settlement Price Rate for an ICE SOFR Index Futures Contract. 
 
Final Settlement Price Rate - means a value used in determining the Final Settlement Price for an expiring 
ICE SOFR Index Futures Contract month. The formula used to calculate the Final Settlement Price Rate 
for an ICE SOFR Index Futures Contract is specified Sub-Chapter for the respective ICE SOFR Index 
Futures Contract. 
 
Rate Index - For the One-Month SOFR Index Futures Contract the Rate Index is the daily average of the 
Secured Over Night Financing Rate for the Accrual Period of the ICE One-Month SOFR Index Futures 
Contract, and for the Three-Month SOFR Index Futures Contract the Rate Index is the Business-day 
compounded average of the Secured Over Night Financing Rare for the Accrual Period of the ICE Three-
Month SOFR Index Futures Contract. 
SOFR - means the Secured Over Night Financing Rate as calculated and published by the New York 
Federal Reserve Bank each business day. 
 
27.2 Cash Settlement Procedures 
(a) 
Settlement 
ICE SOFR Index Futures Contracts open at the termination of trading shall be cash settled as set forth in 
paragraph (b) of this Rule using the Final Settlement Price as provided in the Sub-Chapter for the respective 
ICE SOFR Index Futures Contract. 
(b) 
Final Settlement Payment 
Payment in final settlement of an ICE SOFR Index Futures Contract will be made in accordance with the 
Clearing Organization Rules on the Business Day following the Last Trading Day of the expiring contract  
by Clearing Members with open positions at the time of termination of trading of the ICE SOFR Index 
Futures Contract.  The amount of the final settlement payment to be made or received will be calculated 
based on the final settlement value as a normal variation payment. 
Adopted by the Board June 22, 2022; effective December 5, 2022 (27.0 through 27.2). 


27.A.01 
ICE One-Month SOFR Index Futures 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in ICE One-Month SOFR Index Futures Contracts shall be determined by the 
Exchange.   
Contract Symbol 
SR1 
Contract Months 
All twelve calendar months.  The number of contract months listed for trading shall be determined by 
the Exchange. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $4,167 times the Price Quotation 
Price Quotation 
100 minus the numerical value of the ICE One-Month SOFR Futures Contract Rate Index.  The price 
shall be quoted in Index Points, to 5 decimal places. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.00250 Index Points (equal to $10.4175 per contract) for the 
ICE One-Month SOFR Index Futures Contract front listed month, and 0.00500 Index Points (equal to 
$20.835 per contract) for all other contract months.  Contracts shall not be made on any other price 
basis with the exception of certain Block and EFRP Trades, as may be specified by the Exchange, in 
which case the minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.00001 Index Points (which is $0.4167 per 
contract). 
Last Trading Day 
The last Business Day of the contract month. 
Accrual Period 
The First Accrual Day shall be the first calendar day of the contract month, and the Last Accrual Day 
shall be the last calendar day of the contract month. 
Final Settlement Price 
The final settlement price shall be calculated as 100 minus the numerical value of the Final Settlement 
Price Rate (“FSPR”) on the Last Trading Day, as published by the Exchange rounded to the nearest 
five decimal places, and where the FSPR is calculated as follows: 
 
 


𝐹𝑆𝑃𝑅= [  ∑
𝑆𝑖
𝑛
𝑖=1
𝑁
] ×  100 
 
Where Si = the ith SOFR Rate of the Accrual Period, expressed in such a way that for a rate of 1% 
per annum, SI = 0.01. 
N = the total number of calendar days in the Accrual Period; and 
for calendar days on which SOFR is not calculated (e.g, Saturdays, Sundays and bank holidays) the 
rate shall be determined on the most recent business day for whish a rate was determined. 
Adopted by the Board June 22, 2022; effective December 5, 2022. 
27.A.02 
ICE Three-Month SOFR Index Futures 
Trading Schedule 
The hours of trading in ICE U.S. Three-Month SOFR Index Futures Contracts shall be determined by 
the Exchange.   
Contract Symbol 
SR3 
Contract Months 
Quarterly Contract Months of March, June, September and December.  The number of contract months 
listed for trading shall be determined by the Exchange. 
Trading Unit 
The unit of trading shall be $2,500 times the Price Quotation. 
Price Quotation 
100 minus the numerical value of the ICE Three-Month SOFR Futures Contract Rate Index.  The price 
shall be quoted in Index Points, to 5 decimal places. 
Price Increments 
The minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.00250 Index Points (equal to $6.25 per contract) for the ICE 
Three-Month SOFR Index Futures Contract front listed month and 0.00500 Index Points (equal to 
$12.50) for all other listed contract months. Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis with 
the exception of certain Block and EFRP Trades, as may be specified by the Exchange, in which case 
the minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.00001 Index Points, which is $0.025 per contract. 
Last Trading Day 
One Business Day prior to the third Wednesday of the next quarterly Contract Month. 
Accrual Period 
The First Accrual Day shall be the third Wednesday of the Contract Month, and the Last Accrual Day 
shall be the Business Day prior to the third Wednesday of the next quarterly Contract Month. 


Final Settlement Price 
The final settlement price shall be calculated as 100 minus the numerical value of the Final Settlement 
Price Rate (“FSPR”) on the Last Trading Day, as published by the Exchange, rounded to the nearest 
five decimal places, and where the FSPR is calculated as follows: 
𝐹𝑆𝑃𝑅= [360
𝑁{∏(𝐴𝑖) −1
𝑥
𝑖=1
}] × 100 
 
Where: 
x = the number of SOFR rates determined in the Accrual Period. 
N = the number of calendar days in the Accrual Period. 
Ai = the overnight return factor in respect of the ith SOFR rate of the Accrual Period, determined as: 
 
𝐴𝑖= (1 + 𝑆𝑖  × 𝑑𝑖
360 ) 
And rounded to eight decimal places, where: 
 
Si = the ith SOFR rate of the Accrual Period, expressed in such a way that for a rate of 1% per annum, 
Si = 0.01. 
di = the number of days that Si is applied, such that di represents the number of calendar days between 
the day in respect of which the rate Si is determined and the next day on which a SOFR rate is published. 
 
For calendar days on which SOFR is not calculated (e.g, Saturdays, Sundays and bank holidays) 
the rate shall be determined on the most recent business day for whish a rate was determined. 
Adopted by the Board June 22, 2022; effective December 5, 2022. 
 


29-1 
 
 
ICE Futures U.S.®, Inc. 
SUGAR NO. 16 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Rule 
Subject 
 
29.00 
Contract Terms—Forms 
29.01 
Delivery Months 
29.02 
Size of Contracts; Price Fluctuation Limits 
29.03 
Contract Binding 
29.04 
Last Trading Day 
29.05 
Delivery 
29.06 
Delivery Documents 
29.07 
Passing of Title to Sugar 
29.08 
Insurance 
29.09 
Discharge 
29.10 
Weights and Tests 
29.11 
Testing Samples 
29.12 
Polarization Allowances 
29.13 
Variations from Standard Quality 
29.14 
Deficiencies or Excesses 
29.15 
Damage to Sugar 
29.16 
Strikes or Lockouts Affecting Delivery 
29.17 
Tax Liability 
29.18 
Notice of Failure to Meet Obligations 
29.19 
Orders Subject to Exchange By-Laws and Rules 
 
SUGAR NO. 16 RESOLUTIONS 
No. 
 
1 
Color Test Procedures for Sugar: I.C.U.M.S.A. Color Units  
Method 4 (1978) Modified 
2 
Determination of Dextran 
3 
Use of Valid Raw Sugar Re-Export Licenses 
4 
Delivery of Sugar Subject to US Anti-Dumping and Countervailing Duties or 
Agreements Suspending Anti-Dumping or Countervailing Duty Investigations on 
Sugar 
 
 
 
 
 


29-2 
ICE FUTURES U.S.®, INC. 
 
SUGAR NO. 16 RULES 
Rule 29.00. Contract Terms—Forms 
(a) No contract for the future delivery of Sugar No. 16 shall be recognized, acknowledged or 
enforced by the Exchange, or any Committee or officer thereof, unless both parties thereto shall 
be Members, provided, however, that Members shall offer their contracts for clearance to the 
Clearing Organization which shall become by substitution a party thereto in place of a Member, 
and thereupon such Clearing Organization shall become subject to the obligations thereof and 
entitled to all the rights and privileges of a Member in holding, fulfilling or disposing thereof. 
(b) The grades deliverable under Sugar No. 16 shall be raw centrifugal cane sugar based on 96 
degrees average polarization outturn, Standard Quality Range as stated below or otherwise as 
provided in Rules 29.12 and 29.13: 
Moisture 
Standard Quality Range 
Factor of Safety 
 
(High number indicates low quality) 
.................................................................................... Not exceeding 0.30 
Ash 
Ash Content  
.................. 
Maximum and minimum standard ash content is derived by multiplying 
(percent of 
percent non-sucrose solids by the factor listed below which corresponds to the 
raw sugar) 
final polarization of the cargo: 
 
 
MAXIMUM 
MINIMUM 
 
Up to and including 98.0° 
.............................................  
.25 
.17 
 
Over 98.0° up to and including 98.2° ...........................  
.26 
.18 
 
Over 98.2° up to and including 98.4° ...........................  
.27 
.19 
 
Over 98.4° up to and including 98.6° ...........................  
.28 
.20 
 
Over 98.6° up to and including 98.8° ...........................  
.29 
.21 
 
Over 98.8° up to but not including 99.0° 
......................  
.30 
.22 
Grain Size 
Percent through 28 mesh Tyler (30 mesh U.S.) sieve. 
(High number indicates low quality)  
................................................................................... Between 45 and 22 
Color-Affined Raw 
I.C.U.M.S.A. Color Units Method 4 (1978), Modified* 
(High number indicates low quality)  
............................................................................. Between 800 and 1300 
Color-Whole Raw 
I.C.U.M.S.A. Color Units 
Method 4 (1978) Modified*  
........................................................................................  Between 3000 and 5000 
Dextran  ................................................................................................................... 
Not exceeding 250 M.A.U. 
Starch Content......……………………………………………………… ................ Not exceeding 249 ppm 
 
For the purposes of determining whether sugar meets the foregoing specifications for standard 
raw sugar quality and calculating the premiums and discounts specified in Rule 29.13 hereof, an 
 
* See Sugar No. 16 Resolution No. 1. 
* See Sugar No. 16 Resolution No. 1. 


29-3 
average test result shall be used. Such average shall be determined for each quality specification 
separately and shall be the average of the two nearest test results of the three laboratories, but if 
the two are equidistant from the median, then the median shall be used.** 
There shall be no premium or discount for variance from standard quality for sugar polarizing 
at 99 degrees or higher, except for dextran. 
(c) The sugars deliverable under Sugar No. 16 are as follows: 
 (i) Foreign growth cane sugars of less than 99.5 degrees polarization, duty and import fee, 
if any, paid; and 
(ii) Cane sugars, the product of the United States and its Customs territories; 
provided, however that no Lot of fifty (50) tons is to consist of sugar from more than one (1) 
country of origin. 
(d) No delivery of sugar is permitted testing below 94 degrees. No delivery is permitted of 
sugar which is not eligible for classification as raw sugar if required under the provisions of any 
existing United States legislation and the Deliverer shall be responsible for any penalties hereby 
assessed by any United States Government Department or Agency. 
(e) 
Contract No. 16 
New York ____________________ 20_____________ 
(has)                (sold) 
__________________________________________________________ (have) this day (bought) 
(deliver to) 
and agreed to (receive from) __________________________________________ fifty (50) tons 
of two thousand two hundred forty (2,240) pounds each of Raw Centrifugal Cane Sugar, in bulk, 
of any grade or grades and qualities as specified in Rule 29.00 at the price of _____ cents per 
pound net cash duty and import fee, if any, paid or duty free. Such price to be for 96 degrees 
average polarization outturn, and Standard Quality Range, with additions or deductions for other 
grades and qualities according to the differentials established or to be established for the delivery 
month stated below by the Rules, adopted or to be adopted in accordance with the provisions of 
Rule 16.00. 
Deliverer shall deliver and Receiver shall receive the sugar in a vessel berthed at a customary 
Refiner's Berth equipped with the necessary weighing and sampling facilities in Yonkers, 
Baltimore, New Orleans (consisting of Gramercy, Chalmette, and Reserve), or Savannah (Port 
Wentworth), during the month of _________20_____. The port and berth shall be declared by 
Receiver, who shall discharge the sugar as customary at said berth at his own expense in 
accordance with Rule 29.09(c).  
Effective with the July 2024 delivery month and thereafter 
Deliverer shall deliver and Receiver shall receive the sugar in a vessel berthed at a customary 
Refiner's berth equipped with the necessary weighing and sampling facilities in Yonkers, 
Baltimore, New Orleans (consisting of Gramercy, Chalmette and Reserve), Savannah (Port 
Wentworth) or Morrisville Pennsylvania during the month of _________20_____. The port and 
berth shall be declared by Receiver, who shall discharge the sugar as customary at said berth at his 
 
** See Sugar No. 16 Resolution No. 2. 


29-4 
own expense in accordance with Rule 29.09(c). Weighing in accordance with Rule 29.10 and 
sampling in accordance with Rule 29.11 shall be performed at the discharge berth. 
So long as sugar may be processed or consumed only under any quota or allotment plan 
decreed by any United States Government Department or Agency only sugar permitted to be so 
processed or consumed without penalty on the date of delivery under this contract may be 
delivered in fulfillment thereof. If it is required that sugar delivered hereunder be classified as raw 
sugar under any plan decreed by any United States Government Department or Agency, the 
Receiver hereby guarantees that all sugar delivered hereunder shall, following its entry into the 
continental United States, be subjected to required specific processes. 
The stevedoring allowance is to be determined in accordance with Rule 29.09(c). 
This contract is made in view of, and in all respects subject to the Rules. 
____________________________________________ 
(Brokers) 
(Across the face is the following) 
For 
and 
in 
consideration 
of 
One 
Dollar 
to 
____________________________________________________ in hand paid, receipt whereof is 
hereby acknowledged ________________________________________ accepts this contract with 
all its obligations and conditions. 
(f) From time to time, as it may deem appropriate, the Domestic Sugar Committee shall report 
to the Board schedules of differentials in respect of sugar deliverable under the Sugar No. 16 
Contract, which differentials, at the time of said report, shall reflect as nearly as practicable the 
differentials for equivalent variations in sugar in the spot market. The Domestic Sugar Committee, 
in its discretion, may report with respect to differentials relating to polarization alone, or to 
elements of quality alone, or to both. Based upon the report of the Domestic Sugar Committee and 
such other information as it may deem appropriate, the Board shall determine differentials for the 
sugar deliverable under said contract (dealing, in its discretion, with differentials relating to 
polarization alone or to elements of quality alone or to both), which differentials, at the time, shall 
reflect as nearly as practicable the differentials for equivalent variations in sugar in the Spot Raw 
Sugar Market. If the differentials so determined (whether relating to polarization alone or to 
elements of quality alone or to both) shall be different from those currently in effect, the Board 
shall set forth such changed differentials or eliminate same entirely, in a resolution adopted as 
provided in Section 601 of the By-Laws. Such Rule or Rules and the differentials therein set forth 
or eliminated shall become effective and be applicable with respect to deliveries of sugar in and 
after such delivery month as the Board may determine and shall govern deliveries under all Sugar 
No. 16 Contracts then existing as well as those thereafter entered into. 
Amended by the Board September 29, 2016; effective October 18, 2016 with the January 2018 
Delivery months and all months thereafter. 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2022; effective July 22, 2022 [¶ (e) with the July 2024 delivery 
months and thereafter]. 
Rule 29.01. Delivery Months 
Sugar No. 16 Contracts shall not be recognized by the Exchange extending beyond a period of 
twenty four (24) months, including the current month. Trading shall be permitted only for the 
delivery months of January, March, May, July, September and November and shall at all times be 
conducted in any such month contained in a twenty four (24) month cycle. Trading in a new 


29-5 
delivery month shall be initiated at the opening of trading on the first (1st) Business Day of the 
twenty-third (23rd) month preceding any delivery month. 
Rule 29.02. Size of Contracts; Price Fluctuation Limits 
(a) All offers to buy or sell sugar for delivery under the Sugar No. 16 Contract, unless 
otherwise specified, shall be understood to be for fifty (50) tons of two thousand two hundred 
forty (2,240) pounds each, and offers to buy or sell in larger quantities shall be in multiples 
thereof. 
(b) All offers to buy or sell sugar for delivery under the Sugar No. 16 Contract, shall be in 
cents and one one-hundredths of a cent, and no Transaction in Sugar No. 16 Contracts shall be 
permitted wherein the difference in price shall consist of a fraction smaller than one-hundredth of 
one cent per pound, nor shall any additional moneyed consideration whatever be allowed. 
(c) To avoid abnormal fluctuations of price and injurious speculation incident thereto, the 
Board of Governors may, if and to the extent it deems desirable, impose, increase, decrease, 
change, suspend or eliminate limits on daily price fluctuations of the Sugar No. 16 Contract in any 
month or months, and prescribe the terms and conditions of any such limits. 
Rule 29.03. Contract Binding 
(a) All Sugar No. 16 Contracts shall be binding upon Members and of full force and effect 
until the quantity and quality of the Sugar specified in such contract shall have been delivered, 
and the price specified in said contract shall have been paid. No Sugar No. 16 Contract shall be 
entered into with any stipulation or understanding between the parties at the time of making such 
contract that the terms of said contract as specified above are not to be fulfilled, or that the sugar 
is not to be delivered and received in accordance with the Rules. 
(b) Subject to the prohibition in paragraph (a), the Deliverer and Receiver may enter into a 
mutually acceptable written agreement to deliver and receive under conditions other than those 
stipulated in the Rules. A delivery so made shall be considered complete upon written notification 
by the Deliverer and the Receiver to the President and to the Clearing Organization. The making 
of any such agreement shall relieve the Clearing Organization of any further obligations with 
respect to any Sugar No. 16 Contract involved, and the Deliverer and Receiver shall indemnify 
the Exchange and the Clearing Organization against any liability, cost or expense either may incur 
for any reason as a result of the execution, delivery or performance of such contract or such 
agreement, or any breach thereof or default thereunder. 
Rule 29.04. Last Trading Day 
(a) The Last Trading Day for each delivery month in the Sugar No. 16 Contract shall be the 
eighth (8th) calendar day of the month preceding the delivery month, provided, however, that if 
said day is not a Business Day then the Last Trading Day shall be the next succeeding Business 
Day. 
(b) After the close of business on the Last Trading Day of any delivery month: 
(i) Each Member holding one (1) or more open sales contracts for that month shall issue a 
"Memo of Deliverer" to the Clearing Organization, not later than the time specified by the 
Clearing Organization, stating the total number of open sales contracts for that month (which 
number shall conform to the unliquidated Position on said Member's books) which it will be 
delivering. 
(ii) Each Member holding one (1) or more open purchase contracts for that month shall 
issue a "Memo of Receiver" to the Clearing Organization, not later than the time specified by 
the Clearing Organization, stating the total number of open purchase contracts for that month 


29-6 
(which number shall conform to the unliquidated Position on said Member's books) which it 
will be receiving. 
(iii) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this paragraph (b), if a Member transfers 
any contracts after the close of trading in accordance with Rule 4.37(e): 
(A) The failure of such Member to issue a Memo of Deliverer or Memo of Receiver with 
respect to such contracts shall not be deemed a violation of this paragraph (b); 
(B) If any contracts transferred offset any contracts with respect to which the transferee 
had issued a Memo of Deliverer or Memo of Receiver, such Memo shall be deemed 
amended to reflect the deletion of the contracts so offset; and 
(C) If any contracts transferred do not offset any contracts with respect to which the 
transferee had issued a Memo of Deliverer or Memo of Receiver, the transferee shall issue a 
Memo of Deliverer or Memo of Receiver with respect thereto by 5:00 p.m. of the Business 
Day following such Last Trading Day. 
(c) The Clearing Organization, after receiving the Receiver's and Deliverer's Memos shall 
issue to each Receiver, before 10:00 A.M. of the following Business Day, a "Multiple Delivery 
Notice" for the number of contracts reported outstanding. Contracts listed on Multiple Delivery 
Notices may not be transferred or exchanged among Members. 
(d) Not later than 3:00 P.M. of the day specified in paragraph (c), each Receiver holding a 
Multiple Delivery Notice shall notify, in writing, each Deliverer and the Clearing Organization of 
the name or names of the Deliverer or Deliverers, and the number of contracts the Receiver will 
be receiving. 
(e) The notice price for Multiple Delivery Notices issued with respect to any delivery month 
shall be the Settlement Price for said delivery month on the Last Trading Day for that month. 
(f) If the office of a party to whom a Memo of Deliverer, Memo of Receiver, Multiple 
Delivery Notice or other written notice under this Rule is to be given is closed, it shall be 
sufficient to give such document to the Clearing Organization, which shall endorse thereon the 
day and time of receipt. Notice thereof shall be posted on the web site of the Exchange. 
Amended by the Board September 13, 2018; effective September 28, 2018 [¶¶ (b)(i) and (b)(ii)]. 
Rule 29.05. Delivery 
(a) Each Receiver shall on or before 3:00 P.M. of the fifteenth (15th) calendar day of the 
month preceding the delivery month, provided if same is not a Business Day then on the next 
succeeding Business Day, declare to the Deliverer, in writing, one (1) of the following options for 
each delivery notice received: 
(i) North of Hatteras (including Yonkers, or Baltimore).  
(ii) New Orleans (Gramercy, Chalmette and Reserve). 
(iii) Savannah (Port Wentworth). 
New Paragraph (a) - Effective with the July 2024 delivery month and thereafter 
(a) Each Receiver shall on or before 3:00 P.M. of the fifteenth (15th) calendar day of the 
month preceding the delivery month, provided if same is not a Business Day then on the next 
succeeding Business Day, declare to the Deliverer, in writing, one (1) of the following options for 
each delivery notice received: 
(i) North of Hatteras (including Yonkers, Baltimore or Morrisville Pennsylvania). 


29-7 
(ii) New Orleans (consisting of Gramercy, Chalmette and Reserve). 
(iii) Savannah (Port Wentworth). 
(b) The Deliverer shall declare to the Receiver, in writing, not later than fourteen (14) 
calendar days prior to the day the vessel is expected to arrive for delivery, except that said 
declaration is not required to be made any earlier than noon of the next Business Day after the 
date specified in paragraph (a) above: 
(i) the name of the carrying vessel, its itinerary and approximate date of arrival; 
(ii) the country of origin of sugar being delivered; 
(iii) the total number of contracts being delivered on this vessel; 
(iv) the amount of other sugar or other cargo, if any, being carried by the vessel and if such 
sugar or other cargo is to be discharged at the same port as declared under this paragraph, the 
discharge rotation of same; and 
(v) the name of the owners or chartered owners or their agents. 
(c) On or before 3:00 P.M. of the day notification is required under Bulk Sugar Charter—
U.S.A. (April 1962—Revised), each Receiver shall declare to the Deliverer, in writing, for each 
contract the port and berth within such port at which sugar is to be received, except if such day is 
not a Business Day, then such Declaration shall be made on the preceding Business Day. If the 
carrying vessel is scheduled to arrive at the discharge port before the first (1st) calendar day of the 
delivery month, then for the purpose of this paragraph the expected arrival date shall be the first 
(1st) calendar day of the delivery month. 
(d) If it becomes evident that the carrying vessel declared to the Receiver, due to causes 
beyond the Deliverer's control, will be unable to arrive in time to fulfill the contracts, the 
Deliverer must promptly advise the Sugar Delivery Committee of such fact. The Deliverer may, 
within two (2) Business Days, and upon the approval of the Sugar Delivery Committee and on 
such conditions, if any, prescribed by the Sugar Delivery Committee, substitute other sugars 
which would be good tender under the contract. 
(e) Delivery under this contract shall be considered timely delivery if the vessel carrying the 
sugar reports ready to discharge at its first (1st) sugar delivery berth not later than 8:00 A.M. on 
the last Business Day of the delivery month. If there is more than one (1) Receiver on any one (1) 
vessel, the rotation of discharge shall be determined by number of contracts for each Receiver, the 
largest number of contracts being first (1st) and the smallest number of contracts being last. 
However, if a carrying vessel is ordered to discharge at more than one (1) port or more than one 
(1) berth in any port, all sugars to be delivered at one (1) port or one (1) berth must be discharged 
before proceeding to a second (2nd) port or berth. If the vessel reports ready for discharge after the 
fifth (5th) Business Day prior to the last Business Day of the month, discharge of the sugar to be 
delivered against Exchange contracts must be completed prior to the discharge of any other sugar 
or other cargo. 
Amended by the Board July 22, 2022; effective July 22, 2022 {¶¶ (a)(i) through (a)(iii) with the 
July 2024 delivery months and thereafter]. 
Rule 29.06. Delivery Documents 
(a) The Deliverer shall present to the Receiver the following documents: 
(i) Full set 3/3 original, clean, on board ocean or charter party bills of lading signed by 
Master or Agents, blank endorsed or endorsed to the order of the Receiver; 
(ii) Special Customs Invoice or Customs Extract; 


29-8 
(iii) Generalized System of Preferences, Certificate of Origin Form A or Caribbean Basin 
Initiative Certification of Origin, if applicable; 
(iv) Insurance certificate or policy covering marine and war risk insurance in accordance 
with Rule 29.08; 
(v) Certificate for Quota Eligibility, if required for timely entry by U.S. Customs; and 
(vi) Pro forma invoice for ninety-five percent (95%) of the total price of 112,000 pounds of 
sugar of 96 degrees polarization and Standard Quality Range, for each contract at the Multiple 
Delivery Notice price reduced by the applicable rate of United States Customs duty and/or 
import fee on such 96 degree sugar, if any, and with the deduction of the stevedoring 
allowance as per Rule 29.09(c). 
(b) Deliverer shall present said documents to Receiver not sooner than seven (7) calendar 
days nor later than two (2) calendar days prior to the latter of either: 
(i) the expected arrival date of the carrying vessel at the discharging port; or 
(ii) the expected date the sugar being delivered under the Sugar No. 16 Contract will be 
available for discharge when any sugar or other cargo is scheduled for prior discharge. 
(c) With respect to pro forma settlement: 
(i) Receiver will pay the pro forma invoice value between the hours of 10:00 A.M. and 3:00 
P.M., without any set-off or deduction whatsoever, within one (1) hour after presentation by 
Deliverer which shall be not later than 2:00 P.M. on the Business Day (providing normal New 
York banking facilities are available) that the documents are presented as above. Unless 
otherwise mutually agreed payment shall be made by wire transfer in same day funds. 
 (ii) At the time pro forma settlement is made he Deliverer and Receiver jointly must notify 
the Clearing Organization in writing of such pro forma settlement. Upon receipt by the 
Clearing Organization of notice from both the Deliverer and the Receiver that Pro Forma 
settlement (or final settlement, in the event that the delivery proceeds directly to final 
settlement without having first proceeded to Pro Forma settlement) has been made, the net 
amount of any variation margin that has been paid to either party from the date of issuance of 
the Delivery Notice shall be collected from such party by the Clearing Organization and paid 
to the other party. 
 (d) In the event the Deliverer is unable to make timely presentation of any of the documents 
enumerated in paragraph (a) above, the Sugar Delivery Committee shall be notified accordingly. 
The Sugar Delivery Committee may, after consultation with the Deliverer and Receiver and any 
other interested parties, authorize a substitution for any of said unavailable documents or grant a 
waiver or delay in presentation of any said documents in order that pro forma payment may be 
effected as per paragraphs (b) and (c) above. However, in the case of the Certificate for Quota 
Eligibility, the Sugar Delivery Committee, before authorizing any substitution or granting any 
waiver, must ascertain that U.S. Customs will permit the timely entry of the Sugar into the United 
States under the applicable quota of the country of origin. Should the Sugar Delivery Committee 
determine that any cost or expenses were incurred by reason of said authorizations or waivers, 
they shall order payment by the Deliverer of said costs or expenses. 
(e)(i) In the event the Deliverer has not paid for the sugar being delivered and does not 
possess documents of title to such sugar, but wishes the discharge of such sugar to commence in 
an orderly fashion, the Deliverer may authorize the Sugar Delivery Committee to instruct the 
Receiver to make the appropriate pro forma payment to the Clearing Organization to be held in 
escrow for the account of the Deliverer, provided that the Deliverer furnishes to the Receiver such 


29-9 
collateral or bank guarantees as may be necessary, in the judgment of the Sugar Delivery 
Committee, to enable the Receiver to finance such payment. 
(ii) Upon receipt of satisfactory proof of payment and possession of documents of title, the 
Sugar Delivery Committee shall then authorize the Clearing Organization to make the 
appropriate pro forma payment to the Deliverer. In the event of payment as above, the date of 
payment as stipulated in paragraph (g) below shall be the date payment is made by the 
Receiver to the Clearing Organization. 
(f) All United States Customs duties or import fees required to be paid upon entry of the sugar 
into the United States shall be paid or caused to be paid by the Receiver and shall be deducted 
from the contract price. The rate at which said duties or import fees are paid shall be the 
applicable rate of duty or import fee used in Rule 29.06(a)(vi) above. 
(g) In the final settlement of the sugar delivered, the Deliverer shall pay the Receiver interest 
on the pro forma invoice amount at the prevailing New York prime rate as determined by the 
Sugar Delivery Committee for the period commencing with the date of payment as above up to 
the tenth (10th) day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, on the next following Business Day) 
following the day of arrival of carrying vessel. For the purpose of this contract, the "day of arrival 
of carrying vessel" shall be the day on which vessel last passes or is released from Quarantine at 
destination port, except that, if the vessel passes or is released from Quarantine after 5:00 P.M. or 
if such day is not a Business Day, then the next succeeding Business Day provided, however, if 
the vessel is carrying any other cargo or other sugar not being delivered under the Sugar No. 16 
Contract, either of which is to be given prior discharge at the same destination then, based on the 
available information the Sugar Delivery Committee shall designate the "day of arrival of the 
carrying vessel" for the purpose of this paragraph. 
(h) Final settlement shall be made promptly after weights, polarizations and quality tests are 
ascertained. As soon as final settlement has been made, the Deliverer and Receiver jointly shall 
notify, in writing, the Clearing Organization, of such final settlement.  
Amended by the Board June 9, 2017; effective June 23, 2017 [¶¶ (c)(ii)]. 
Rule 29.07. Passing of Title to Sugar 
Title to, and risk of loss in, the sugar delivered under the Sugar No. 16 Contract shall pass 
from the Deliverer to the Receiver at the time pro forma payment is made in accordance with the 
contract. 
Rule 29.08. Insurance 
(a) MARINE AND WAR RISK INSURANCE, with loss payable to Receiver from time title 
and risk of loss passes to Receiver and to Deliverer prior to title and risk of loss passing to 
Receiver, shall be procured and maintained by Deliverer at expense of Deliverer, on all Sugar 
delivered hereunder. The marine policy shall cover all risks of physical loss or damage from any 
external cause, including loss of weight and polarization resulting from perils insured against, but 
excluding all claims for differences between bill of lading and outturn weights unless actually 
resulting from perils insured against, in which event the quantitative loss shall be determined as 
described below, and further excluding (except as hereinafter provided) those risks excluded by 
the F.C.&S. and the S.R.&C.C. Warranties of the American Institute of Marine Underwriters; 
shall, as to sugar delivered hereunder and shipped on any vessel, cover against strikes, riots and 
civil commotions; shall include customary on-shore coverage until completion of discharge of 
such sugar at destination port and delivery into warehouse as directed by Receiver. The war risk 
policy, and the strikes, riots and civil commotions clauses as to sugar delivered hereunder and 
shipped on any vessel, shall be in accordance with American Institute of Marine Underwriters' 
policy provisions and clauses current as of the time the sugar becomes at risk thereunder. For the 


29-10 
purpose of payment of losses and premiums, the marine and war risk policies shall provide that 
the sugar delivered hereunder shall be valued at the total amount payable by Receiver to Deliverer 
therefor plus five percent (5%) thereof. Furthermore, such policies shall provide that for the 
purpose of establishing the amount of loss in the case of sugar damaged by perils insured against 
under this insurance: 
(i) the quantitative loss shall be determined as the difference between (1) the outturn weight 
and (2) bill of lading weight, less the normal loss in weight as determined by the Refiner's 
records for the last three (3) sound arrivals of raw centrifugal sugar from the same country of 
origin during the twenty-four (24) months preceding arrival; in the case of an insufficient 
number of previous sound arrivals, normal loss in weight is deemed to be three-fourths of one 
percent; 
(ii) sugar damaged to such extent that it cannot reasonably be discharged by Refiner's 
normal discharging equipment and methods or contaminated to such extent with oil or other 
substances that it cannot practicably be taken into Receiver's refinery shall be deemed a 
salvage loss; and 
(iii) other damaged sugar shall be valued by adjusting the 96 degrees basis price in 
accordance with the scale set forth in Rule 29.12, except that, if the polarization of the 
damaged sugar is less than 94 degrees, there shall be deducted five percent (5%) additional 
for each degree thereafter, or pro rata in each case for fractions of a degree. If any shipment is 
lost, or if the quantity of sound sugar discharged from any shipment is insufficient to permit a 
determination of average outturn polarization and quality, the quality shall be assumed to be 
standard and the polarization shall be determined (1) on the basis of the most recent available 
outturn polarization of sound sugar of the same crop shipped from the same shipping terminal 
or port which was discharged at a continental United States port; or if such is not available, 
then (2) on the basis of assumed 96 degree polarization. For these purposes, a shipment not 
proved to have been lost shall, unless vessel's position and safety are currently reported, 
nevertheless be deemed lost if it fails to arrive at destination port within seventy-five (75) 
days after it was loaded aboard vessel at origin and an onboard bill of lading was issued with 
respect thereto. The outturn weight of any shipment to which the foregoing applies shall be 
deemed to be its bill of lading weight. Receiver shall be obligated to reimburse Deliverer for 
any additional insurance premium payable solely because Receiver, for its convenience, 
delays the discharge of such sugar at destination port. 
Rule 29.09. Discharge 
(a) The Deliverer shall guarantee that the sugar shall be delivered and the Receiver shall 
guarantee that the sugar shall be received under the terms and conditions (except as provided in 
the paragraphs below) of the freight agreement known as Bulk Sugar Charter Party U.S.A.—April 
1962 or any amended form of such freight agreement, and such conditions which the Board of 
Governors, in its discretion, may from time to time determine to be appropriate to make such 
amended form of freight agreement fair and equitable between the parties.  
(b) For purposes of determining despatch and demurrage, lay time at the rate of 1500 tons 
(2240 pounds each) per weather working day at berth or awaiting berth, Friday 1700 until 0800 
Monday, stevedoring holidays and all other overtime periods excepted even if used, shall be 
allowed to Charterer and shall be continuous.  
(c) No liberty or car carrier type vessel may be used to carry sugar delivered under the Sugar 
No. 16 Contract. 


29-11 
(d) The Receiver shall discharge the sugar at his designated berth at his own expense. 
However, the amount the Deliverer shall allow the Receiver for the discharge of sugar under 
Sugar No. 16 Contract, known as the stevedoring allowance, shall be calculated as follows: 
(i) By September 15th of each year, or as soon thereafter as the information is available, the 
Exchange will collect from each refiner, located at ports authorized by the Sugar No. 16 
Contract for the discharge of sugar, the allowance they are applying to all deliveries after 
October 1st of that year. 
(ii) Tonnage shipped to the above refiners for the period July 1st of the prior year through 
June 30th of the current year will be collected from an Exchange licensed sugar weighmaster. 
From this data market shares by refinery will be calculated to the nearest one-tenth of one 
percent (.1% = 1/1,000). 
(iii) The weighted average of the discharge allowances collected in step (i) above will be 
calculated by the Exchange, with the weights equal to the market shares from step (ii) above. 
The calculated weighted average will be rounded to the nearest whole cent per ton and this 
will be the Sugar No. 16 stevedoring allowance for all deliveries after October 1st of that year. 
The rate will be posted on the Exchange web site. 
[Stevedore Rate for October 1, 2023 to June 30, 2024 will increase to 21.52 per long ton, and 
the rate for July 1, 2024 to September 30, 2024, that includes Morrisville, PA is 21.56]. 
 
(d) The Receiver may deduct from the final settlement to the Deliverer all discharging charges 
applicable to the vessel, including but not limited to, wharfage, water, despatch, noncompliance 
and/or extra stevedoring. The Receiver shall reimburse the Deliverer for any demurrage incurred 
in discharge. The Deliverer shall pay the freight, discharge all liens and make all settlements with 
the vessel or its owners. If an arbitration proceeding should arise under the charter party, Receiver 
shall, upon Deliverer's request, consent to become a party to the arbitration and shall be bound by 
any award against the Receiver in the proceeding. 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2022; effective July 22, 2022 {¶¶ (b) through (d)]. 
Rule 29.10. Weights and Tests 
(a) The Receiver shall advise the Deliverer as to the name and location of the refinery and the 
Receiver shall nominate the Weighers and Samplers employed by such refinery to act for him in 
determining the weight and test of the sugar. The Deliverer shall advise the Receiver of the name 
of the Weighmaster and Sampler (licensed by the Exchange) who will act in his behalf. 
(b) All sugar weighed for delivery on the Exchange, shall be weighed and checked as 
customary at such refinery. Acting for the Deliverer, the Weighmaster shall weigh the sugar in 
the presence of, and the weights shall be checked by, the representative of the refinery who shall 
endorse on the Weighmaster's weight certificate the following: 
 
I hereby certify that the weights of the sugar specified in this return agree with those 
checked by me at the time of weighing. 
____________________________________________________________________ 
Refiner's Representative 
(c) Prior to the commencement of weighing, the scales shall be tested as customary at said 
refinery. 


29-12 
(d) By mutual consent between Receiver and Deliverer and where it is customary at the 
receiving refinery, the Weighmaster may represent both parties. However, the endorsement 
referred to in (b) above shall be signed by the Weighmaster as the refiner's representative. 
 
Effective with the July 2024 delivery month and thereafter 
 
(b) All sugar weighed for delivery on the Exchange, shall be weighed and checked as 
customary at such refinery. Facilities used for weighing (including weighbridges) shall have a 
maximum tolerance of 1/10th of one percent (0.10%), and the Receiver’s Weighmaster shall 
satisfy himself that such facilities are tested by means of certified check weights at least once in 
every twenty-four (24) hours. In the event that weighbridges are used, the weighbridges shall be 
tested against a second weighbridge with a loaded vehicle at least once in every twenty-four 
hours; they shall also be tested with certified check weights at least once every year; and each 
truck shall be weighed both gross and tare. Acting for the Deliverer, the Weighmaster shall weigh 
the sugar in the presence of, and the weights shall be checked by, the representative of the 
refinery who shall endorse on the Weighmaster's weight certificate the following: 
I hereby certify that the weights of the sugar specified in this return agree with those 
checked by me at the time of weighing. 
____________________________________________________________________ 
Refiner's Representative 
(c) By mutual consent between Receiver and Deliverer and where it is customary at the 
receiving refinery, the Weighmaster may represent both parties. However, the endorsement 
referred to in (b) above shall be signed by the Weighmaster as the refiner's representative. 
Amended by the Board June 22, 2022; effective July 22, 2022 [¶¶ (b) and (c) with the July 2024 
delivery month and thereafter]. 
 
Rule 29.11. Testing Samples 
(a) On all sugar delivered hereunder, samples shall be drawn as customary at such refinery. 
Sugar samples shall be tested by three chemists, one selected by the Deliverer and one by the 
refinery representative acting on behalf of the Receiver, and by the chemist of the New York 
Sugar Trade Laboratory. The average of the two (2) nearest polarizations, or if the two (2) are 
equidistant from the median, then the median, shall be taken as the final test of each sample. The 
charges for polarization testing shall be borne by the Receiver and Deliverer, each party paying 
his own chemist and one-half the fee of the New York Sugar Trade Laboratory. 
(b) For testing for refining quality, samples shall be prepared at the completion of discharge in 
accordance with the procedure commonly adopted by Receiving Refiners at port of discharge. 
One (1) sample shall be forwarded to Deliverer's Laboratory, one (1) to the New York Sugar 
Trade Laboratory and one (1) to refiner's Testing Laboratory. Each laboratory shall follow the 
procedures commonly adopted by Receiving Refiners at port of discharge and shall use the 
equipment and methods used in the trade for testing the whole raw sugar for moisture, ash, and 
color, and for testing affined raw sugar prepared from the whole raw sugar for grain size, color, 
and dextran. 
(c) For the purposes of determining whether sugar meets the specifications for standard raw 
sugar quality and calculating the premiums and discounts specified in Rule 29.13 hereof, an 
average test result shall be used. Such average shall be determined for each quality specification 


29-13 
separately and shall be the average of the two (2) nearest test results of the three (3) laboratories, 
but if the two (2) are equidistant from the median, then the median shall be used. 
Rule 29.12. Polarization Allowances 
Allowance per pound for polarization on sugar shall be computed as follows, providing that 
allowances for fractions of a degree shall be in proportion and that no additional allowance shall 
be made for polarization at 99 degrees or higher: 
(a) In the case of duty free sugars, the basis price shall be the contract price; or 
(b) In the case of sugars on which a duty or an import fee is payable, the basis price shall be 
the contract price, less the applicable duty or import fee per pound on 96 degree sugar in effect on 
the date of entry of the sugar; 
(c) and then apply the following allowances: 
(i) For the full degree from 96 degrees to and including 97 degrees add 0.5 percent of the 
basis price. 
(ii) For the full degree from 97 degrees to and including 98 degrees add an additional 2.25 
percent of the basis price. 
(iii) For the full degree from 98 degrees to, but not including 99 degrees add an additional 
1.2 percent of the basis price. 
(iv) For the full degree from 96 degrees to and including 95 degrees deduct 5.50 percent of 
the basis price. 
(v) For the full degree from 95 degrees to and including 94 degrees deduct an additional 
2.75 percent of the basis price. 
 
 
Amended by the Board February 4, 2015; effective February 26, 2015. 
Rule 29.13. Variations for Standard Quality 
The percentage discount or premium per pound for variances from the specifications set forth 
in Rule 29.00(b) shall be determined pursuant to the following table, it being understood that 
discounts and premiums for variances from standard quality shall be applied separately for each 
specification and that fractions shall be in proportion: 
Specification 
Moisture 
 
Factor of safety 
For each .01 in excess of .30 deduct  0.18 percent of basis price. 
Ash 
 
Ash content (Percent of raw 
sugar) 
For each .01 percent of ash content in excess of derived maximum standard 
ash content deduct 0.015 percent of basis price; for each .01 percent of ash 
content below derived minimum standard ash content, add 0.00625 percent of 
basis price. 
Grain Size 
 
Percent through 28 mesh Tyler 
(30 mesh U.S.) sieve 
For each 1 percent above 45 percent deduct  0.12 percent of basis price. For 
each 1 percent below 22 percent add  0.05 percent of basis price. 
 
Color—Affined Raw 
 
I.C.U.M.S.A. Color units 
Method 4 (1978) Modified 
For each 10 units above 1300 up to and including 1500, deduct 0.018 percent 
of basis price. For each 10 units above 1500 up to and including 1800, deduct 
an additional 0.027 percent of basis price. For each 10 units above 1800 up to 


29-14 
and including 2100, deduct an additional  0.054 percent of basis price.  For each 
10 units above 2100 and up to and including 2400, deduct an additional 0.081 
percent of basis price.  For each 10 units above 2400, deduct an additional  
0.108 percent of basis price. 
 
For each 10 units below 800 add 0.0162% percent of basis price. 
 
Color—Whole Raw 
 
I.C.U.M.S.A. Color Units 
Method 4 (1978) Modified* 
For each 25 units above 5000 up to and including 6000, deduct 0.0015 
percent of basis price. For each 25 units above 6000 up to and including 7000, 
deduct an additional 0.003 percent of basis price. For each 25 units above 7000 
up to and including 8000, deduct an additional  0.006 percent of basis price. For 
each 25 units above 8000 and up to and including 9000, deduct an additional 
0.009 percent of basis price.  For each 25 units above 9000, deduct an 
additional  0.012 percent of basis price. 
 
For each 25 units below 3000, add  0.0018 percent of basis price. 
Dextran** 
 
 
For each 1 unit above 250 up to and including 350 deduct  0.014 percent of 
basis price. 
 
For each 1 unit above 350 up to and including 450 deduct an additional  
0.018 percent of basis price. 
 
For each 1 unit above 450 up to and including 550 deduct an additional  
0.022  percent of basis price. 
 
For each 1 unit above 550 deduct an additional  0.026 percent of basis price. 
Deliverer and Receiver may waive any or all of the above adjustments by mutual agreement. 
 
Starch Content 
 
SPRI Rapid Starch Method 
(I.C.U.M.S.A.  method GS1-17) 
 
For Starch Content of from 250 to 300 ppm, a deduction of 0.02 cents per pound. 
 
For Starch Content of from 301 to 400 ppm, a deduction of 0.06 cents per pound. 
 
For Starch Content of from 401 to 500  ppm, a deduction of 0.11 cents per pound. 
 
For Starch Content of more than 500 ppm, a deduction of 0.14 cents per pound. 
 
Deliverer and Receiver may waive any or all of the above adjustments by mutual agreement. 
Amended by the Board September 29, 2016; effective October 18, 2016 with the January 2018 
Delivery months and all months thereafter. 
Rule 29.14. Deficiencies or Excesses 
The quantity named in the Multiple Delivery Notice shall be the quantity shipped. On outturn 
the Deliverer is permitted a tolerance of two percent (2%) in excess or deficiency of the quantity 
shipped. 
Rule 29.15. Damage to Sugar 
Damage to sugar after the passage of title in accordance with Rule 29.07 shall not impair 
delivery. A delivery which is defective because of damage to the sugar prior to the passage of title 
shall be deemed to be a default within Rule 29.18. 
 
 
* See Sugar No. 16 Resolution No. 1. 
** See Sugar No. 16 Resolution No.2. 


29-15 
Rule 29.16. Strikes or Lockouts Affecting Delivery 
In the case of strikes or lockouts at a delivery port beyond the control of the Receiver or 
Deliverer which interfere with delivery on the Exchange in accordance with its Rules, delivery 
shall be made, subject to the approval of the Sugar Delivery Committee, on the following basis: 
(a) The Receiver shall either (i) subject to final determination, accept whatever responsibility 
for delays occasioned by such interference, in which case delivery shall be made promptly 
when the interference is removed, or (ii) designate another refinery berth in the same port 
or another port which shall be free of such interference, provided same is permissible 
under the Charter Party or can be arranged with the vessel's owners and further provided 
any additional costs or expenses shall be for Receiver's account. 
Rule 29.17. Tax Liability 
If any sugar delivered under Sugar No. 16 Contract is subject to any U.S. Government, state 
or local tax, in addition to the Customs duty and import fee referred to in Rule 29.00, the contract 
shall be interpreted as imposing upon the Receiver to whom the Sugar is delivered the obligation 
of paying such tax on the sugar involved in the delivery. An import fee imposed by the United 
States Government is not a tax within the meaning of this Rule and the Receiver shall be under no 
obligation to pay, except as provided in Rule 29.06(f), or to reimburse the Deliverer for such 
import fee. 
Rule 29.18. Notice of Failure to Meet Obligations 
(a) Any dispute arising between Members claiming that a Member has failed to meet his 
obligations as Deliverer or Receiver under a Sugar No. 16 Contract traded on this Exchange shall 
be settled by arbitration in accordance with the provisions of this Rule; provided that, if the 
Claimant does not notify the Exchange of such failure within three (3) Business Days of the date 
on which such Member becomes aware of such failure, said Member shall be deemed to have 
waived his rights under this paragraph, without prejudice to any other rights or remedies at law or 
under any other provisions of the Rules. 
(b) Upon receipt by the Exchange of the notice of a Member's failure to meet his obligations, 
the Exchange shall forward one (1) copy of said Notice to all interested parties. 
(c) A Special Arbitration Committee of three (3) disinterested members of the Sugar Delivery 
Committee shall be appointed by the Chairman within one (1) Business Day of the Exchange's 
receipt of a notice that a Member has failed to meet his obligations. The Special Arbitration 
Committee shall establish the date, time and place for a hearing. Each Special Arbitration 
Committee shall determine the procedures to be followed in any hearing before it, except that the 
following shall apply in every case: 
(i) each of the parties shall be entitled to appear personally at the hearings; 
(ii) each of the parties, as his own expense, shall have the right to be represented by counsel 
in any aspect of the proceeding; 
(iii) each of the parties shall be entitled to (1) prepare and present all relevant facts in 
support of the Claims and grievances, defenses or counterclaims which arise out of the 
Transaction or occurrence that is the subject matter of the Claim or grievance and does not 
require for its arbitration the presence of third parties of whom the Exchange cannot acquire 
jurisdiction and to present rebuttal evidence to such Claims or grievances, defenses or 
counterclaims made by the other parties, (2) examine the other parties, (3) examine any 
witnesses appearing at the hearing, and (4) examine all relevant documents presented in 
connection with the claim or grievance, or any defense or counterclaim applicable thereto; 


29-16 
(iv) the formal rules of evidence shall not apply; 
(v) no verbatim record shall be made of the proceedings unless requested by a party who 
shall bear the cost of such record. If such a request is made, a stenographic transcript shall be 
taken, but not transcribed unless requested by a party who shall bear the cost of such 
transcription. 
(vi) Ex parte contacts by any of the parties with members of the Special Arbitration 
Committee shall not be permitted. 
(vii) The Special Arbitration Committee shall have the power, on the request of the party or 
on its own motion, to require any Person to testify and/or produce documentary evidence in 
the proceedings as and to the extent provided for in Rule 21.04. 
(d) To compensate the aggrieved party for the necessary adjustments in his position, the party 
adjudged in default shall pay five percent (5%) of the settlement price determined by the Special 
Arbitration Committee, or 35/100 (.35) of one cent per pound, whichever shall be greater, to the 
aggrieved party in addition to the settlements outlined below. 
(e) In the case where a Deliverer is determined to be in default by the Special Arbitration 
Committee for failure to issue a Memo of Deliverer or in delivering the sugar named in the 
contract when due then: 
(i) where the settlement price (to be the price for sugar at the place of default, which 
represents the value of such sugar on the day for which the price is determined) determined by 
the Special Arbitration Committee is higher than the price stated on the Multiple Delivery 
Notice, the Deliverer shall be required to pay to the Receiver named on the Multiple Delivery 
Notice, the difference between the settlement price determined by the Special Arbitration 
Committee and the price stated on the Multiple Delivery Notice; 
(ii) where the settlement price determined by the Special Arbitration Committee is lower 
than the price stated on the Multiple Delivery Notice, the Receiver who received such 
Multiple Delivery Notice shall be required to pay to the Deliverer the difference between the 
settlement price determined by the Special Arbitration Committee and the price stated on the 
Multiple Delivery Notice. 
(f) In the case where a Receiver is determined to be in default by the Special Arbitration 
Committee for failing to meet his obligations as a Receiver of the sugar named in the contract 
then: 
(i) where the settlement price determined by the Special Arbitration Committee is higher 
than the price stated on the Multiple Delivery Notice received by such Receiver, the Deliverer 
named on the Multiple Delivery Notice shall be required to pay to the Receiver the difference 
between the settlement price as determined by the Special Arbitration Committee and the 
price stated on the Multiple Delivery Notice; 
(ii) where the settlement price determined by the Special Arbitration Committee is lower 
than the price stated in the Multiple Delivery Notice received by such Receiver, the Receiver 
shall be required to pay to the Deliverer named on the Multiple Delivery Notice the difference 
between the settlement price determined by the Special Arbitration Committee and the price 
stated on the Multiple Delivery Notice. 
(g) The Special Arbitration Committee shall render its award in writing adjudging which, if 
any, party is in default, declaring the settlement price, awarding the amount of money, if any, to 
be paid by the party in default, and granting any further remedy or relief which it deems just and 
equitable. The award of the Special Arbitration Committee shall be final and binding upon each of 
the parties to the arbitration, and judgment upon such award may be entered by any court having 


29-17 
jurisdiction. In addition, any award, if not complied with within the time specified in the award, 
shall be enforceable by disciplinary proceedings pursuant to the Rules. 
(h) The payment as prescribed above shall be made by the close of business on the second 
(2nd) Business Day after notification in writing of the Special Arbitration Committee's award, 
without any setoff or reduction whatsoever. Payment and settlement of any default as determined 
above shall be effected through the President and such payment shall be accepted as final 
payment, and the net amount of any variation Margins which have been paid to either party from 
the date of issuance of the Delivery Notice shall be collected from such party by the Clearing 
Organization and paid to the other party.  
 
Rule 29.19. Orders Subject to Exchange Rules 
All orders given to or received by a Member shall in all respects be subject to and in 
accordance with, the Rules; and all Transactions in sugar for future delivery shall be in 
accordance with the Rules and prescribed form of Contract. 
 
Resolutions 
No. 1. Color Test Procedures for Sugar: I.C.U.M.S.A. Color Units Method 4 (1978) Modified 
RESOLVED, that the color tests for whole raw sugar and affined raw sugar, referred to in the 
Sugar No. 16 contract, contained at Rule 29.00, and in Rule 29.13 as I.C.U.M.S.A. Color Units 
Method 4 (1978) Modified, shall consist of the following procedures: 
A. For Whole Raw Sugar: 
(1) Prepare a 25% solids solution (25 grams of sample + 75 ml. distilled water) of the sugar 
to be tested. 
(2) Filter the solution through a 47 mm. millipore filter apparatus using a Whatman GF/C 
47 mm. glass microfibre filter. Collect the filtrate in a clean dry filter flask. (Note: The sample 
may require changing the filters more than once to collect all the filtrate.) 
(3) Transfer the filtrate to a clean dry 150 ml. beaker. Adjust the pH of the filtrate to 8.5 ± .1 
with 0.5N HCl or 0.5N NaOH. 
(4) Remove entrained air under vacuum or in an ultrasonic cleaner if necessary. 
(5) Place the solution into one of a previously matched pair of 1 cm. absorption cells. (The 
other cell will contain distilled water and can be used as a zero reference when changing wave 
lengths.) Determine the absorbance (or — log of the transmittance) at 420 nm. and at 720 nm. 
Record both values. 
(6) Calculate the color of the solution as follows: 
.2764
1000
 
 
nm.)
 
720
at 
 
absorbance
 
 
2
 
-
 
nm.
 
420
at 
 
*
e
(Absorbanc
Color


=
 
If the sample is too dark to analyze, further dilution with distilled water and possible pH 
readjustment will be needed. In this case the calculation would be as follows: 
100
celllength
Brix
gravity
Specific
1000
 
 
nm.)
 
720
at 
 
absorbance
 
 
2
 
-
 
nm.
 
420
at 
 
*
e
(Absorbanc
Color




=
 


29-18 
* — Log of transmittance can be substituted if there is no absorbance function on the 
spectrophotometer. 
B. For Affined Raw Sugar: 
(1) Prepare a 50% solids solution (50 grams of sample + 50 ml. distilled water) of the sugar 
to be tested. 
(2) Filter the solution through a 47 mm. millipore filter apparatus using a Whatman GF/C47 
mm. glass microfibre filter. Collect the filtrate in a clean dry filter flask. (Note: The sample 
may require changing the filters more than once to collect all the filtrate.) 
(3) Transfer the filtrate to a clean dry 150 ml. beaker. Adjust the pH of the filtrate to 8.5 ± .1 
with 0.5N HCl or 0.5N NaOH. 
(4) Remove entrained air under vacuum or in an ultrasonic cleaner if necessary. 
(5) Place the solution into one of a previously matched pair of 1 cm. absorption cells. (The 
other cell will contain distilled water and can be used as a zero reference when changing wave 
lengths.) Determine the absorbance (or — log of the transmittance) at 420 nm. and at 720 nm. 
Record both values. 
(6) Calculate the color of the solution as follows: 
.6159
1000
 
 
nm.)
 
720
at 
 
absorbance
 
 
2
 
-
 
nm.
 
420
at 
 
*
e
(Absorbanc
Color


=
 
If the sample is too dark to analyze, further dilution with distilled water and possible pH 
readjustment will be needed. In this case the calculation would be as follows: 
100
celllength
Brix
gravity
Specific
1000
 
 
nm.)
 
720
at 
 
absorbance
 
 
2
 
-
 
nm.
 
420
at 
 
*
e
(Absorbanc
Color




=
 
* — Log of transmittance can be substituted if there is no absorbance function on the 
spectrophotometer. 
 
No. 2. Determination of Dextran 
RESOLVED, that the method for the determination of dextran in raw sugar, referred to in the 
Sugar No. 16 contract, contained at Rule 29.00, and in Rule 29.13, shall be as follows: 
Equipment and Reagents: 
(1) Ion exchange resins: Amberlite IR-120 (H) and any one of the following: Duolite A-368, 
Duolite A-392, Amberlite IRA-93 or Amberlite IRA-68. These resins normally are supplied wet 
and should be washed with at least twice their weight in distilled water, drained dry, then washed 
briefly with acetone for no longer than 2 minutes, the solvent being immediately removed, as 
before. The resins are air-dried or oven-dried at low temperature, approximately 30°C., and stored 
in a closed container. 
(2) Acid-washed Johns Manville Supercel: Supercel (50 ± 5 g.) is added to 1 liter distilled 
water. Concentrated hydrochloric acid (50 ± 5 ml.) is added and the mixture stirred for 5 minutes. 
After filtration the supercel cake is washed with distilled water until the pH of the washings 
equals that of the distilled water. The Supercel is dried for 6 hours at 100°C. and stored in a closed 
container. 


29-19 
(3) Trichloroacetic acid J. T. Baker Reagent #1-0414 (TCA): Trichloroacetic acid (10.0 ± 0.1 
g.) is dissolved in distilled water and diluted to 100 ml. This reagent will keep for two weeks. 
(Note: This reagent attacks protein and should not be allowed to come into contact with skin. Do 
not pipette TCA by mouth nor store it in plastics.) 
(4) Starch-removing enzyme: Mycolase enzyme, GB Fermentation Industries, Inc. 1 N. 
B'Way, Des Plaines, IL 60016. Or α-Amylase type X-A Fungal Crude from Aspergillus Oryzae, 
(Catalog No. A-0273), Sigma Chemical Company, P.O. Box 14508, St. Louis, MO 63178. 
(5) Alcohol: Anhydrous, 200 Proof, J. T. Baker Reagent #9401-1. 
(6) 25 ml. volume flasks, Corning No. 5660 or equivalent (At the end of each analysis the 
flasks should be washed with acid-cleaning solution, rinsed with distilled water, and dried for the 
future use.) 
(7) Nessler Tubes, Kimble No. 45310A-100 or equivalent Wash and dry the tubes the same 
way as described in point #6 above. 
(8) Filtering flasks, 1000 ml. size, Pyrex No. 5340 or equivalent. 
(9) Burette, 50 ml. size, Pyrex No. 2317 (right hand) or equivalent. 
(10) 12.5 ml. Class A volumetric transfer pipette, (custom ordered). 
(11) Pipette filler, rubber bulb type or equivalent. 
(12) Millipore funnel #XX 1004720 and 0.45μM millipore filter #HAWG 047 A0 and 
absorbent pads. 
(13) Vacuum pump with multiple outlet connections for filtration (manifold). 
(14) UV-visible spectrophotometer and two matched 5 cm. size cells, and two matched 1 cm. 
size cells. 
(15) Jars, wide mouth, 4 oz. size, flint glass with screw caps. 
(16) Hot plate stirrer, Corning PC-351 or equivalent, and stirring bars. Hot plate may be used 
for incubation providing a water bath is improvised. 
Procedure: 
(1) Weigh 23.5 g whole raw sugar sample into a wide mouth jar, add 35 ml. of distilled water, 
insert a magnetic bar, cover and place on a magnetic stirrer to dissolve. (See attached sketch no. 
1.) 
(2) Add 0.05 g of Mycolase enzyme or α-Amylase to the above sample and incubate at 55°C. 
for one hour, in an oven or a water bath with agitation every 15 minutes. 
(3) Following the incubation add to the sample 5 g of Amberlite IRA-120(H) flint glass with 
screw caps and 5 g of one of the following: Duolite A-368, Duolite A-392, Amberlite IRA-93 or 
Amberlite IRA-68 and stir for 30 minutes. 
(4) Add 1 g of acid washed Supercel to the sample, mix, and filter through a millipore 
absorbent pad only into a 100 ml. size Nessler tube placed inside a one liter size filtering flask. 
Rinse sample jar with approximately 10 ml. of distilled water allowing the washings to go through 
the funnel into the Nessler tube. Follow this with two small washings of the funnel and contents, 
taking care not to exceed 100 ml. of total filtrate volume. (See sketch no. 2.) 
(5) The sample and washings in the Nessler tube are diluted to the 100 ml. mark with distilled 
water and then 10 ml. of TCA is added. The Nessler tube is stoppered and shaken. 


29-20 
(6) Filter the above through a 0.45M millipore filter covered with an absorbent pad into a 
clean Nessler tube inside a one liter size filtering flask, collecting at least 30 ml. of filtrate. (See 
sketch no. 2.) 
(7) Pipette 12.5 ml. of the filtrate into each of the two 25 ml. volumetric flasks, designating 
the first as the control and the second as the sample, respectively. (Note: use safety pipette filler.) 
Clean the pipette for the next use by rinsing it with distilled water. 
(8) To the first flask ("the control") add distilled water while swirling the flask to the 25 ml. 
mark, stopper and shake. 
(9)To the second flask ("the sample") add anhydrous 200 proof alcohol dropwise (from a 50 
ml. size burette) while swirling the flask to the 25 ml. mark. Stopper and mix by inverting the 
flask gently three to five times. (See sketch no. 3.) 
(10) Let the sample stand for 60 ± 2 minutes from the time of completion of the mixing step. 
(11) During the above waiting period fill two clean 5 cm size matched cells with distilled 
water and the control respectively. After zeroing the spectrophotometer at 720 nanometers with 
the cell containing distilled water, read the absorbance of the control which is designated as B. 
(12) Then save the control by pouring it back into its 25 ml. size flask for possible future use. 
Clean the empty cell by rinsing it several times with distilled water and dry it by rinsing it with 
acetone. 
(13) At the expiration time of the 60 minutes period fill the clean 5 cm. size cell with the 
sample. After zeroing the spectrophotometer at 720 nm with the cell containing distilled water 
read the absorbance of the sample which is designated as A. Report results as follows: 
(A – B) × 1000 
When the absorbance of the sample exceeds 0.7 in value both the control and the sample 
should be reread immediately in 1 cm. size cells respectively. (After zeroing the 
spectrophotometer at 720 nm with distilled water in a 1 cm. size cell.) Report results as 
follows: 
(A – B) × 5000 
The results represent dextran content expressed in Milli-Absorbance Units (M.A.U.). 
Note: 
(1) To achieve reproducible results this procedure must be followed precisely. 
(2) Equivalent equipment and/or reagents may be substituted for those specified in this 
procedure only after comparability with the designated equipment and/or reagents has been 
demonstrated. This applies particularly to the alcohol reagent. 
 


29-21 
 


29-22 
 


29-23 
No. 3. Use of Valid Raw Sugar Re-Export Licenses  
 
 
WHEREAS, Rule 29.00(c) allows for the delivery of foreign growth cane sugars of less 
than 99.5 degrees polarization, duty and import fee, if any, paid or cane sugars, the product of the 
United States and its Customs territories; and 
 
 
WHEREAS, valid raw sugar Re-export Licenses are used routinely by commercial 
market participants in the domestic sugar market; and 
 
 
WHEREAS, world sugar imported into the United States in accordance with valid raw 
sugar Re-export Licenses becomes equivalent to domestically produced sugar; and 
 
 
 WHEREAS, the Domestic Sugar Committee has requested an interpretation as to using 
sugar brought into the United States pursuant to a valid raw sugar Re-export License for delivery 
under the Sugar No. 16 futures contract; 
 
 
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board interprets Rule 29.00(c) to 
mean that sugar brought into the United States pursuant to a valid raw sugar Re-export License 
may be used for delivery in the Sugar No. 16 futures contract and that, prior to the Receiver 
making payment, the Deliverer must provide to the Receiver a copy of the applicable customs 
form and a letter from a United States Department of Agriculture Licensee stating (i) the quantity 
of the sugar, (ii) that such sugar is being imported in accordance with its valid raw sugar Re-
export License, (iii) the name of the vessel on which the sugar is being imported and (iv) the port 
in which the vessel will be unloading the sugar. 
 
No. 4 – Delivery of Sugar Subject to US Anti-Dumping and Countervailing Duties or 
Agreements Suspending Anti-Dumping or Countervailing Duty Investigations on Sugar 
If a Deliverer seeks to deliver sugar that, at the time of delivery, is subject to (i) a U.S. anti-
dumping and/or countervailing duty or (ii) an agreement suspending a countervailing duty 
investigation and/or an anti-dumping duty investigation or other  measure affecting such a duty, 
the Deliverer shall identify itself to the United States Customs as the importer of record and shall 
take all actions required to clear the sugar through United States Customs and be responsible for 
(a) paying such anti-dumping and/or countervailing duty applicable to such sugar and/or (b) 
Deliverer’s compliance with the provisions of such agreement or other measure suspending or 
affecting the countervailing duty investigation or suspending or affecting an anti-dumping duty 
investigation applicable to such sugar.   
 
As such anti-dumping and/or countervailing duty shall therefore be paid by the Deliverer, the 
Exchange pro-forma invoice as referred to in Rule 29.06(a)(vi) shall not  be reduced by  the 
amount of such anti-dumping and/or countervailing duty, and the provisions of Rule 29.06(f) 
calling for the Receiver to pay such anti-dumping and/or countervailing duty  shall not apply to 
such anti-dumping and/or countervailing duty amount.  
   
In addition to identifying itself to the United States Customs as the importer of record in such 
event, the Deliverer shall exercise due diligence in the process of obtaining customs clearance of 
the sugar.   In the event of a delay in the discharging of the vessel caused by the Deliverer’s 
failure to promptly obtain customs clearance on arrival of the vessel at the discharge port, then for 
purposes of calculating laytime such delay caused by Deliverer’s failure to promptly obtain 
customs clearance shall be for the account of the Deliverer. 
 
Adopted by the Board February 4, 2015; effective February 26, 2015. 


1
ICE Futures U.S.®, Inc.
GOLD DAILY FUTURES CONTRACT
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Rule
Subject
30.A.1
Scope of Chapter
30.A.2
Definitions
30.A.3
Contract Specifications
30.A.4
Trading Specifications
30.A.5
Notices of Intention to Deliver and Receive
30.A.6
Deliveries
30.A.7
Alternative Delivery Procedures
Notice Relating to Gold Daily Rules of this Chapter
SILVER DAILY FUTURES CONTRACT
30.B.1
Scope of Chapter
30.B.2
Definitions
30.B.3
Contract Specifications
30.B.4
Trading Specifications
30.B.5
Notices of Intention to Deliver and Receive:
30.B.6
Deliveries
30.B.7
Alternative Delivery Procedures
Notice Relating to Silver Daily Rules of this Chapter


2
CHAPTER 30A
GOLD DAILY FUTURES CONTRACT
30.A.1 Scope of Chapter
This chapter is limited in application to trading of Gold Daily Futures Contracts (“Gold Daily Futures
Contract”). The procedures for trading, clearing, delivery and settlement, and any other matters not
specifically covered herein shall be governed by the general Rules of the Exchange and the Clearing
Organization Rules.
30.A.2 Definitions
In this Chapter and in all procedures and resolutions adopted by the Board hereunder, the following
terms shall have the meanings indicated unless the context otherwise requires:
Clearing Organization – ICE Clear U.S., Inc. or any successor thereto.
LBMA - The London Bullion Market Association, or any successor organization.
LBMA Good Delivery Rules - Specification standards published by the LBMA for gold bars that are
acceptable in the physical settlement of a loco London gold transaction, as revised from time to time.
LPMCL - London Precious Metals Clearing Limited, or any successor organization.
LPMCL Vault - a London vault operated by an LPMCL member which provides vaulting services for
gold.
London Business Day - a date on which (i) commercial banks are generally open for business in
London and (ii) the LBMA or its administrator conducts an auction to determine the price of gold and
publishes the price thereof.
30.A.3 Contract Specifications
Each Futures Contract shall be for one hundred (100) troy ounces of gold satisfying the LBMA Good
Delivery Rules and held in an LPMCL Vault on an unallocated account basis.
30.A.4 Trading Specifications
(a) Contract Date
The date on which Gold will be delivered in accordance with the LBMA Good Delivery Rules.
Eligible Contract Dates will be all London Business Days on which commercial banks are
generally open for business in New York.


3
(b) Listing Cycle
Up to 70 consecutive Eligible Contract Dates, or as otherwise determined by the Exchange
from time to time.
(c) Last Trading Day
The London Business Day prior to the Contract Date.
(d) Trading Unit
The unit of trading shall be one hundred fine troy ounces of gold satisfying the LBMA Good
Delivery Rules.
(e) Price Increments
The minimum price fluctuation shall be ($0.0001) per fine troy ounce for block trades and
exchange for related position transactions, and shall be ($0.01) per fine troy ounce for all other
trade types. Gold Daily Futures Contracts shall not be made on any other price basis.
(f) Final Settlement Price
The final Settlement Price for any Contract Date of the Gold Daily Futures Contract shall be the
Settlement Price published by the Exchange for such Contract Date on the Last Trading Day for
such Contract Date.
Amended by the Board April 27, 2017; effective May 22, 2017 [¶¶ (b) and (e)].
30.A.5
Notices of Intention to Deliver and Receive:
(a)
A Clearing Member holding an open short position in the Gold Daily Futures Contract at the
end of trading on the Last Trading Day for a Contract Date shall present to the Clearing
Organization a notice of intention to deliver gold, in the form prescribed by the Clearing
Organization (the “Notice of Intention to Deliver”).
(b)
The Notice of Intention to Deliver:
(1)
shall be presented to the Clearing Organization by the Clearing Member making delivery
not later than 16:30 p.m. London time on the Last Trading Day for a Contract Date;
(2)
shall state the total number of lots to be tendered by the Clearing Member on behalf of
itself and/or its customers, the price per fine troy ounce equal to the Final Settlement
Price of the Gold Daily Futures Contract (the “Invoice Price”), and the “Invoice Value”,
which is calculated as the product of the Invoice Weight and the Invoice Price;
(3)
shall state separately for each entity on whose behalf the Clearing Member is making
delivery (whether a customer or the Clearing Member itself), the number of lots to be
tendered and the relevant LPMCL Vault and account number from which delivery will be
made.


4
(c)
A Clearing Member holding an open long pposition in the Gold Daily Futures Contract at the
end of trading on the Last Trading Day for a Contract Date shall present to the Clearing
Organization a notice of intention to receive gold in the form prescribed by the Clearing
Organization (the “Notice of Intention to Receive”).
(d)
The Notice of Intention to Receive:
(1)
shall be presented to the Clearing Organization by the Clearing Member receiving
delivery not later than 16:30 p.m. London time on the Last Trading Day for a Contract
Date;
(2)
shall state the number of lots to be received by the Clearing Member on behalf of itself
and/or its customers, the Invoice Price and the Invoice Value (as such terms are defined
in paragraph (b)(2) above) ;
(3)
shall state separately for each entity on whose behalf the Clearing Member is taking
delivery (whether a customer or the Clearing Member itself), the number of lots to be
received and the relevant LPMCL Vault and account number that will be used to take
delivery.
30.A.6 Deliveries
(a) Timing and Method of Delivery and Payment
Each Clearing Member intending to make or take delivery shall have agreements in place which
enable it to issue instructions to the relevant LPMCL Vaults. Deliveries of gold pursuant to the
Gold Daily Futures Contract shall be made through LPMCL Vaults by the transfer of ownership of
the right to receive the relevant amount of gold satisfying the LBMA Good Delivery Rules.
(b) By 12:30 p.m. London time on the Contract Date, each Clearing Member that has issued a
Notice of Intention to Deliver shall instruct each LPMCL Vault to effect the transfer of ownership
of the amount of gold specified in the Notice of Intention to Deliver from each account at the
LPMCL Vault specified in the Notice of Intention to Deliver, to the Clearing Organization’s
account at the designated ICE Clear U.S. LPMCL Vault as notified by the Clearing Organization.
(c) By 12:30 p.m. London time on the Contract Date, each Clearing Member that has issued a
Notice of Intention to Receive shall instruct each LPMCL Vault listed on the Notice of Intention to
Receive that it should expect to receive the transfer of the amount of gold specified in the Notice of
Intention to Receive to each account at the LPMCL Vault specified in the Notice of Intention to
Receive, from the Clearing Organization account at the designated ICE Clear U.S. LPMCL Vault.
(d) By 9:30 a.m. New York time on the Contract Date, the settlement bank of each Clearing
Member that has issued a Notice of Intention to Receive must complete the settlement instructions
issued by the Clearing Organization that include the Invoice Value contained in the Notice of
Intention to Receive.
(e) After confirmation that the transfers to the Clearing Organization have been made in
accordance with paragraph (b) and (d) above, and by 16:30 London Time on the Contract Date, the
Clearing Organization shall instruct its LPMCL Vault to effect the transfers of gold referenced in
the Notice of Intention to Receive referenced in paragraph (d) above to the LPMCL Vaults and
accounts as specified in the Notice of Intention to Receive.


5
(f) After confirmation that the transfers from the Clearing Organization account at the designated
ICE Clear U.S. LPMCL Vault referenced in paragraph (e) above have been confirmed, and by
16:30 p.m. London time on the Contract Date, the Clearing Organization shall credit the account of
each Clearing Member that has issued a Notice of Intention to Deliver the Invoice Value contained
in that Notice of Intention to Deliver.
(g) The Clearing Organization may, in its discretion, provide a service to Clearing Members (the
“Gold Facility”) pursuant to which the Clearing Organization may upon request or upon its own
initiative, obtain, procure or otherwise make gold available to or on behalf of a Clearing Member
which has issued a Notice of Intention to Deliver, in order to settle such Clearing Member’s gold
delivery obligation. A Clearing Member which seeks to use the Gold Facility shall make a written
request to the Clearing Organization in the form and by the deadline specified by the Clearing
Organization. With respect to the Gold Facility, the Clearing Organization (i) shall have no
obligation to provide the Gold Facility, whether in full or partial settlement of a Clearing Member’s
delivery obligation, in response to a request from a Clearing Member or otherwise at any time, (ii)
may determine to withdraw the Gold Facility at any time, and (iii) shall not have any liability to any
Clearing Member or any other Person as a result of any unavailability of, or any decision not to
make available, the Gold Facility.
(h) A Clearing Member to which the Clearing Organization provides the Gold Facility shall on
demand reimburse and indemnify the Clearing Organization and the Exchange for any and all
losses, costs, liabilities or expenses incurred in connection therewith.
Without limiting the
foregoing, the Clearing Member shall, on demand by the Clearing Organization (i) deliver to the
Clearing Organization the gold that was the subject of the delivery obligation covered by the Gold
Facility or, at the election of the Clearing Organization, pay to the Clearing Organization the value
thereof as determined by the Clearing Organization, and (ii) pay any costs and expenses incurred by
the Clearing Organization in connection with any borrowing or overdraft of gold by the Clearing
Organization in connection therewith. Failure by the Clearing Member to satisfy any obligation
under this Rule 30.A.6(h) shall constitute a “Monetary Default” as such term is defined in the
Clearing Organization Rules.
(i) In the event that the Clearing Organization, upon the request of a Clearing Member or upon its
own determination, utilizes its Gold Facility to procure gold with respect to a Gold Daily Futures
Contract for which a Clearing Member has issued a Notice of Intention to Deliver, the Clearing
Member shall not be deemed in default with respect to its delivery obligations under the Exchange
Rules or Clearing Organization Rule 801on the basis of the Gold Facility having been utilized to
satisfy the Clearing Member’s gold delivery obligation.
(j) In no event shall the Exchange or Clearing Organization be deemed to have made any
representation or warranty with respect to any gold transferred pursuant to the Gold Daily Futures
Contract, and in the event that the Exchange or Clearing Organization shall be deemed for any
reason to have made any representation or warranty with respect to any gold transferred pursuant to
the Gold Daily Futures Contract, neither the Exchange nor the Clearing Organization shall have any
liability to any person with respect thereto.
30.A.7 Alternative Delivery Procedures
(a) No Gold Daily Futures Contract shall be entered into with any stipulation or understanding
between the parties at the time of making such contract that the applicable terms specified in this
Chapter 30A of the Rules are not to be fulfilled, or that the deliverable instrument is not to be delivered
and received in accordance with such Rules.


6
(b) Subject to the prohibition in paragraph (a), Clearing Members may enter into a mutually
acceptable written agreement to deliver and receive under conditions other than those stipulated in the
Rules. A delivery so made shall be considered complete upon written notification by both Clearing
Members to the Clearing Organization and to the Exchange Vice President of Market Regulation,
provided, however, that such notification shall be received by the Clearing Organization from both
Clearing Members by 16:00 p.m. London time on the Contract Date.
The making of any such
agreement shall relieve the Clearing Organization of any further obligations with respect to any
Exchange Futures Contract involved, and the Clearing Members shall indemnify the Exchange and the
Clearing Organization against any liability, cost or expense either may incur for any reason as a result
of the execution, delivery or performance of such contract or such agreement, or any breach thereof or
default thereunder.
NOTICE
The Gold Daily Futures Contract is based in whole, or in part, on the LBMA Gold Price owned by
Precious Metals Prices Limited, sourced by and licensed to ICE Benchmark Administration as the
administrator, operator and publication agent of the LBMA Gold Price, and is used by ICE Futures
U.S., Inc. with permission under sublicense by ICE Benchmark Administration. “LBMA Gold Price” is
a trade mark of Precious Metals Prices Limited.
ICE BENCHMARK ADMINISTRATION LIMITED MAKES NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, EITHER AS TO THE RESULTS TO BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE LBMA
GOLD PRICE AND/OR THE FIGURE AT WHICH THE LBMA GOLD PRICE STANDS AT ANY
PARTICULAR TIME ON ANY PARTICULAR DAY OR OTHERWISE. ICE BENCHMARK
ADMINISTRATION
LIMITED
MAKES
NO
EXPRESS
OR
IMPLIED
WARRANTIES
OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE WITH RESPECT
TO GOLD DAILY FUTURES CONTRACTS.


7
CHAPTER 30B
SILVER DAILY FUTURES CONTRACT
30.B.1 Scope of Chapter
This chapter is limited in application to trading of Silver Daily Futures Contracts (“Silver Daily
Futures Contract”). The procedures for trading, clearing, delivery and settlement, and any other matters
not specifically covered herein shall be governed by the general Rules of the Exchange and the Clearing
Organization Rules.
30.B.2 Definitions
In this Chapter and in all procedures and resolutions adopted by the Board hereunder, the following
terms shall have the meanings indicated unless the context otherwise requires:
Clearing Organization – ICE Clear U.S., Inc. or any successor thereto.
LBMA - The London Bullion Market Association, or any successor organization.
LBMA Good Delivery Rules - Specification standards published by the LBMA for Silver bars that are
acceptable in the physical settlement of a loco London Silver transaction, as revised from time to time.
LPMCL - London Precious Metals Clearing Limited, or any successor organization.
LPMCL Vault - a London vault operated by an LBMA clearing member which provides vaulting
services for Silver.
London Business Day - a date on which (i) commercial banks are generally open for business in
London and (ii) the LBMA or its administrator conducts an auction to determine the price of Silver and
publishes the price thereof.
30.B.3 Contract Specifications
Each Futures Contract shall be for five thousand (5,000) fine troy ounces of Silver satisfying the LBMA
Good Delivery Rules and held in an LPMCL Vault on an unallocated account basis.
30.B.4 Trading Specifications
(a) Contract Date
The date on which Silver will be delivered in accordance with the LBMA Good Delivery Rules.
Eligible Contract Dates will be all London Business Days on which commercial banks are
generally open for business in New York.
(b) Trading Days
Trading in a Contract Date shall be permitted on such number of London Business Days prior
to the Contract Date as determined by the Exchange from time to time.


8
(c) Last Trading Day
The London Business Day prior to the Contract Date.
(d) Price Increments
The minimum price fluctuation shall be one half cent ($0.00500) per fine troy ounce, except
that Block and Exchange for Related Position (“EFRP”) trades may be submitted at a minimum
price fluctuation of one-one thousandth of a cent ($0.00001) per fine troy ounce.
(f) Final Settlement Price
The final Settlement Price for any Contract Date of the Silver Daily Futures Contract shall be
the Settlement Price published by the Exchange for such Contract Date on the Last Trading
Day for such Contract Date.
30.B.5
Notices of Intention to Deliver and Receive:
(a)
A Clearing Member holding an open short position in the Silver Daily Futures Contract at the
end of trading on the Last Trading Day for a Contract Date shall present to the Clearing
Organization a notice of intention to deliver Silver, in the form prescribed by the Clearing
Organization (the “Notice of Intention to Deliver”).
(b)
The Notice of Intention to Deliver:
(1)
shall be presented to the Clearing Organization by the Clearing Member making delivery
not later than 16:30 p.m. London time on the Last Trading Day for a Contract Date;
(2)
shall state the total number of lots to be tendered by the Clearing Member on behalf of
itself and/or its customers, the price per fine troy ounce equal to the Final Settlement
Price of the Silver Daily Futures Contract (the “Invoice Price”), and the “Invoice Value”,
which is calculated as the product of the invoice weight and the Invoice Price;
(3)
shall state separately for each entity on whose behalf the Clearing Member is making
delivery (whether a customer or the Clearing Member itself), the number of lots to be
tendered and the relevant LPMCL Vault and account number from which delivery will be
made.
(c)
A Clearing Member holding an open long position in the Silver Daily Futures Contract at the
end of trading on the Last Trading Day for a Contract Date shall present to the Clearing
Organization a notice of intention to receive Silver in the form prescribed by the Clearing
Organization (the “Notice of Intention to Receive”).
(d)
The Notice of Intention to Receive:
(1)
shall be presented to the Clearing Organization by the Clearing Member receiving
delivery not later than 16:30 p.m. London time on the Last Trading Day for a Contract
Date;
(2)
shall state the number of lots to be received by the Clearing Member on behalf of itself
and/or its customers, the Invoice Price and the Invoice Value (as such terms are defined
in paragraph (b)(2) above) ;


9
(3)
shall state separately for each entity on whose behalf the Clearing Member is taking
delivery (whether a customer or the Clearing Member itself), the number of lots to be
received and the relevant LPMCL Vault account number that will be used to take
delivery.
30.B.6 Deliveries
(a) Timing and Method of Delivery and Payment
Each Clearing Member intending to make or take delivery shall have agreements in place which
enable it to issue instructions to the relevant LPMCL Vaults. Deliveries of Silver pursuant to the
Silver Daily Futures Contract shall be made through LPMCL Vaults by the transfer of ownership of
the right to receive the relevant amount of Silver satisfying the LBMA Good Delivery Rules.
(b) By 12:30 p.m. London time on the Contract Date, each Clearing Member that has issued a
Notice of Intention to Deliver shall instruct each LPMCL Vault to effect the transfer of ownership
of the amount of Silver specified in the Notice of Intention to Deliver from each account at the
LPMCL Vault specified in the Notice of Intention to Deliver, to the Clearing Organization’s
account at the designated ICE Clear U.S. LPMCL Vault as notified by the Clearing Organization.
(c) By 12:30 p.m. London time on the Contract Date, each Clearing Member that has issued a
Notice of Intention to Receive shall instruct each LPMCL Vault listed on the Notice of Intention to
Receive that it should expect to receive the transfer of the amount of Silver specified in the Notice
of Intention to Receive to each account at the LPMCL Vault specified in the Notice of Intention to
Receive, from the Clearing Organization account at the designated ICE Clear U.S. LPMCL Vault.
(d) By 9:30 a.m. New York time on the Contract Date, the settlement bank of each Clearing
Member that has issued a Notice of Intention to Receive must complete the settlement instructions
issued by the Clearing Organization that include the Invoice Value contained in the Notice of
Intention to Receive.
(e) After confirmation that the transfers to the Clearing Organization have been made in accordance
with paragraph (b) and (d) above, and by 16:30 London Time on the Contract Date, the Clearing
Organization shall instruct its LPMCL Vault to effect the transfers of Silver referenced in the
Notice of Intention to Receive referenced in paragraph (d) above to the LPMCL Vaults and
accounts as specified in the Notice of Intention to Receive.
(f) After confirmation that the transfers from the Clearing Organization account at the designated
ICE Clear U.S. LPMCL Vault referenced in paragraph (e) above have been confirmed, the Clearing
Organization shall credit the account of each Clearing Member that has issued a Notice of Intention
to Deliver the Invoice Value contained in that Notice of Intention to Deliver.
(g) The Clearing Organization may, in its discretion, provide a service to Clearing Members (the
“Silver Facility”) pursuant to which the Clearing Organization may upon request or upon its own
initiative, obtain, procure or otherwise make Silver available to or on behalf of a Clearing Member
which has issued a Notice of Intention to Deliver, in order to settle such Clearing Member’s Silver
delivery obligation. A Clearing Member which seeks to use the Silver Facility shall make a written
request to the Clearing Organization in the form and by the deadline specified by the Clearing
Organization. With respect to the Silver Facility, the Clearing Organization (i) shall have no
obligation to provide the Silver Facility, whether in full or partial settlement of a Clearing
Member’s delivery obligation, in response to a request from a Clearing Member or otherwise at
any time, (ii) may determine to withdraw the Silver Facility at any time, and (iii) shall not have any


10
liability to any Clearing Member or any other Person as a result of any unavailability of, or any
decision not to make available, the Silver Facility.
(h) A Clearing Member to which the Clearing Organization provides the Silver Facility shall on
demand reimburse and indemnify the Clearing Organization and the Exchange for any and all
losses, costs, liabilities or expenses incurred in connection therewith.
Without limiting the
foregoing, the Clearing Member shall, on demand by the Clearing Organization (i) deliver to the
Clearing Organization the Silver that was the subject of the delivery obligation covered by the
Silver Facility or, at the election of the Clearing Organization, pay to the Clearing Organization the
value thereof as determined by the Clearing Organization, and (ii) pay any costs and expenses
incurred by the Clearing Organization in connection with any borrowing or overdraft of Silver by
the Clearing Organization in connection therewith. Failure by the Clearing Member to satisfy any
obligation under this Rule 30.B.6(h) shall constitute a “Monetary Default” as such term is defined
in the Clearing Organization Rules.
(i) In the event that the Clearing Organization, upon the request of a Clearing Member or upon its
own determination, utilizes its Silver Facility
to procure Silver with respect to a Silver Daily
Futures Contract for which a Clearing Member has issued a Notice of Intention to Deliver, the
Clearing Member shall not be deemed in default with respect to its delivery obligations under the
Exchange Rules or Clearing Organization Rule 801on the basis of the Silver Facility having been
utilized to satisfy the Clearing Member’s Silver delivery obligation.
(j) In no event shall the Exchange or Clearing Organization be deemed to have made any
representation or warranty with respect to any Silver transferred pursuant to the Silver Daily
Futures Contract, and in the event that the Exchange or Clearing Organization shall be deemed for
any reason to have made any representation or warranty with respect to any Silver transferred
pursuant to the Silver Daily Futures Contract, neither the Exchange nor the Clearing Organization
shall have any liability to any person with respect thereto.
30.B.7 Alternative Delivery Procedures
(a) No Silver Daily Futures Contract shall be entered into with any stipulation or understanding
between the parties at the time of making such contract that the applicable terms specified in this
Chapter 30.B of the Rules are not to be fulfilled, or that the deliverable instrument is not to be
delivered and received in accordance with such Rules.
(b) Subject to the prohibition in paragraph (a), Clearing Members may enter into a mutually
acceptable written agreement to deliver and receive under conditions other than those stipulated in
the Rules. A delivery so made shall be considered complete upon written notification by both
Clearing Members to the Clearing Organization and to the Exchange Vice President of Market
Regulation, provided, however, that such notification shall be received by the Clearing
Organization from both Clearing Members by 15:30 p.m. London time on the Contract Date. The
making of any such agreement shall relieve the Clearing Organization of any further obligations
with respect to any Exchange Futures Contract involved, and the Clearing Members shall
indemnify the Exchange and the Clearing Organization against any liability, cost or expense either
may incur for any reason as a result of the execution, delivery or performance of such contract or
such agreement, or any breach thereof or default thereunder.


11
NOTICE
The Silver Daily Futures Contract is based in whole, or in part, on the LBMA Silver Price owned by
Precious Metals Prices Limited, sourced by and licensed to ICE Benchmark Administration as the
administrator, operator and publication agent of the LBMA Silver Price, and is used by ICE Futures
U.S., Inc. with permission under sublicense by ICE Benchmark Administration. “LBMA Silver Price”
is a trade mark of Precious Metals Prices Limited.
ICE BENCHMARK ADMINISTRATION LIMITED MAKES NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, EITHER AS TO THE RESULTS TO BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE LBMA
SILVER PRICE AND/OR THE FIGURE AT WHICH THE LBMA SILVER PRICE STANDS AT
ANY PARTICULAR TIME ON ANY PARTICULAR DAY OR OTHERWISE. ICE BENCHMARK
ADMINISTRATION
LIMITED
MAKES
NO
EXPRESS
OR
IMPLIED
WARRANTIES
OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE WITH RESPECT
TO SILVER DAILY FUTURES CONTRACTS.


ICE Futures U.S.®, Inc.
CHAPTERS 40 IS RESERVED
THE MSCI FUTURES AND OPTION CONTRACTS FROM
CHAPTERS 40-60 AND 62
HAS BEEN MOVED TO
CHAPTER 23


1
ICE Futures U.S.®, Inc.
CHAPTER 61
IS RESERVED


ARBITRATION INSTRUCTION SHEET
The adjudication of Exchange arbitrations is governed by the Exchange’s Arbitration
Rules 20.00 through 20.08. A copy of the Arbitration Rules is included in this Arbitration
Packet. Please refer to them as you go through the instruction sheet and the Notice of Arbitration.
An Exchange arbitration may be brought by a customer against a member of the
Exchange, or any employee of such member, for claims arising out of transactions executed, or
to be executed, on or subject to the rules of the Exchange. Customers are not members of the
Exchange. [Rule 20.01(b)]
A dispute between Exchange members must be settled by Exchange arbitration when the
dispute involves an “Allowable Claim”. [Rule 20.02(b)] An “Allowable Claim”, as defined in
Rule 20.01(f), means a claim for losses arising directly from (i) any futures or option transaction
executed, or to be executed, on or subject to the rules of the Exchange, (ii) any cash transaction
directly related to a futures or options transaction executed on or subject to the rules of the
Exchange, any documented loan made to an Exchange member by his Clearing Member
guarantor for the express purpose of acquiring an Exchange membership, (iv) any dispute
concerning the purchase, sale, transfer or ownership of an Exchange membership and (v) the
performance of the Clearing Member guarantor’s obligations pursuant to the terms of its
Guaranty Agreement.
An arbitration is commenced when the claimant files the “Notice of Arbitration”
(“Notice”) with the Exchange and pays the appropriate filing fee. The filing fee is based on the
amount of monetary damages sought by the claimant. [Rule 20.03(a)(i)] The schedule of filing
fees is as follows:
Relief Requested
Amount of Fee
Up to $5,000
3% (minimum of $100)
$5,000 to $10,000
$150, plus 2% of excess over $5,000
$10,001 to $15,000
$250, plus 1% of excess over $10,000
$15,0001 to $100,000
$300, plus 1% of excess over $15,000
$100,001 and above
$1,150, plus 1/2% of excess over $100,000
Upon receipt, the Exchange will serve each named respondent with a copy of the Notice.
Each respondent will have twenty (20) days following delivery of the Notice to file an
“Answering Statement” (“Answer”) with the claimant and the Exchange. Any allegation
contained in the Notice which is not denied by the respondent in the Answer is deemed admitted.
The Answer may contain one or more counterclaims against the claimant provided that the
counterclaim arises out of the transaction that is the subject of the claim and does not require the
presence of essential witnesses or parties over which the Exchange does not have jurisdiction. If
the Answer contains a counterclaim, the claimant will have twenty (20) days following the date
of delivery of the Answer to file a Reply to the counterclaim. [Rule 20.03(a)(ii)]
Upon receipt of the Answer, the Chairman of the Arbitration Committee will appoint a
panel of disinterested persons to hear and determine the controversy. When filing the Notice, the


-2-
customer, i.e., a non-member, has the option to elect having the arbitration heard by a Mixed
Panel. A Mixed Panel is one in which a majority of the persons elected to the panel are not
members of, or associated with or employed by members of, a U.S. futures exchange or
associated with a U.S. futures exchange. [Rule 20.03(a)(iii)]
The parties will be notified of the arbitrators appointed to the panel. The parties will
have ten (10) days to object to any of the appointed arbitrators. The Chairman will determine if
any changes are appropriate. [Rule 20.03(a)(iv)]
At least ten (10) days prior to the hearing date, the claimant and the respondent will give
each other and the Exchange a copy of each document they intend to present at the hearing and a
list of witnesses they intend to call. After the exchange of documents, a party may notify another
party and the chairman of the panel that it needs documents and other information not yet
provided. The other party has five (5) days to provide the requested documents or object to their
production. The chairman of the panel will resolve any objections. Failure to make the
document exchange or list the witnesses may preclude the failing party from presenting the
excluded documents or witnesses. [Rule 20.03(a)(v)]
A hearing will be conducted at which time the parties shall present their evidence and
witnesses to the panel. All witnesses will be subject to cross-examination by the other party and
the arbitrators. A party may appear at the hearing and/or may present witnesses by telephone.
There will be no recording or transcription of the hearing unless requested by a party who shall
bear the cost of recording and transcription. [Rule 20.03(vi)]
If the claim is less than $5,000, the Chairman of the Arbitration Committee will notify
the parties that there will be no hearing and that a sole arbitrator will decide the grievance. The
claimant will then have twenty (20) days from such notice to submit to the Exchange and the
respondent a memorandum, documents and affidavits which set forth the reasons the claimant
believes he is entitled to relief. After the claimant’s submission, the respondent will have twenty
(20) days to submit a memorandum, documents and affidavits which set forth the reason why the
claimant’s request should be denied. The sole arbitrator will decide the matter based on the
submitted papers. [Rule 20.03(a)(viii)]
Once the hearing is held or the papers are submitted in the case of a sole arbitrator, the
decision will be given in writing and served on the parties. The arbitrators may grant any
remedy or relief they deem just and equitable including the awarding of interest, the arbitration
filing fee, the fee paid to the arbitrators for serving on the panel or other costs. In the case of a
Mixed Panel, the member will be obligated to pay the fees unless the Panel determines that the
customer has acted in bad faith in initiating the arbitration. The decision is final and binding
upon the parties and may be entered by any court having jurisdiction. [Rule 20.03(a)(vii)]
Notices of Arbitration, Answers, and all other memoranda, documents, etc. should be
filed with the Exchange at the following address:


ICE Futures, U.S., Inc.
Legal Department
55 East 52nd Street, 41st Floor
New York, NY 10055
If you have questions, please contact the Legal Department at 212-748-4021.


ICE FUTURES U.S., INC.
NOTICE OF ARBITRATION
CLEARLY PRINT OR TYPE REQUESTED INFORMATION
For the purposes of this Notice of Arbitration, the following terms shall have the
following meanings:
(i)
the term “Exchange” shall mean ICE Futures U.S., Inc.;
(ii)
the terms “Rule” and “Rules” shall mean the By-Laws and Rules of the
Exchange;
(iii)
the term “Arbitration Rule” shall mean the Rules of the Exchange, designated
20.00 through 20.08, relating to arbitration;
(iv)
the term “Claimant” shall mean the party asserting the claim or grievance;
(v)
the term “Respondent” shall mean the party or parties against whom the claim or
grievance is asserted; and
(vi)
the term “Customer” shall mean any person with a claim or grievance against a
member of the Exchange or any employee of such member, provided, however,
that it shall not include members of the Exchange.
_____________________________________________________________________________
1. CLAIMANT
(Name) ____________________________________________________
(Address) ____________________________________________________
(City and State) ____________________________________________________
(Telephone) ____________________________________________________
(Fax)
(E-Mail) ____________________________
2. RESPONDENT (Name) ___________________________________________________
(Address)
___________________________________________________
(City and State)
___________________________________________________
(Telephone)
___________________________________________________
(Fax)
(E-Mail) ___________________________
_____________________________________________________________________________
3.
The undersigned acknowledges receipt of the Arbitration rules and the instructions to this
Notice of Arbitration which set forth, in general, Exchange arbitration procedures and the
costs and fees of arbitration.
4.
The undersigned demands arbitration in accordance with the Arbitration rules against the


-2-
Respondent(s) on the matter in controversy as set forth below.
5.
The undersigned understands and agrees that the arbitration will be conducted according
to the Arbitration rules and its commencement is conditioned upon payment of the non-
refundable fee as set forth in the schedule of fees, both of which are hereby incorporated
into this Notice of Arbitration.
6.
The undersigned agrees to abide by any award(s) rendered pursuant to the Rules, and
further agrees that a judgment and any interest due thereon may be entered upon such
award(s) and, for these purposes, the undersigned hereby voluntarily consents to submit
to the jurisdiction of any court of competent jurisdiction which may properly enter such
judgment.
7.
NATURE AND SUBSTANCE OF CLAIM OR GRIEVANCE (include the date or dates
on which the alleged facts took place; if the space provided is insufficient, attach a
separate sheet with the heading “Nature of Claim”):
______________________________________________________________________
_______________________________________________________________________
_______________________________________________________________________
_______________________________________________________________________
_______________________________________________________________________
8.
RELIEF REQUESTED (amount, if any, and method of calculation):
______________________________________________________________________
______________________________________________________________________
______________________________________________________________________
______________________________________________________________________
______________________________________________________________________
9.
Are you a customer as defined on page 1 of this Notice of Arbitration and in Rule 6.01?
Yes
No
If so, do you request that the controversy be heard by a Mixed Panel as provided in Rule
20.03(a)(iii) and understand that, if the arbitration panel determines that the customer


-3-
acted in bad faith in initiating or conducting the proceeding, the arbitrators shall have the
right to assess that customer for the extra costs incurred as a result of having a Mixed
Panel?
Yes
No
Failure to elect a Mixed Panel at this time will be deemed a waiver of such election.
10.
Do you request a verbatim record made of the proceeding and agree to bear the cost of
such record?
Yes
No
Do you request a transcript of the verbatim record made of the proceeding and agree to
bear the cost of such transcription?
Yes
No
11.
A check in the amount of $
to the order of ICE Futures U.S., Inc. as payment
of the arbitration fee is enclosed.
_____________________________________________________________________________
________________________________________
Date
Signature of Claimant (may be signed by attorney)
(If claimant is represented by an
________________________________________
attorney, print name, address and
telephone number of counsel)
________________________________________
________________________________________
(If claimant is a corporation or
________________________________________
partnership, print name, address
and telephone number of officer,
________________________________________
employee or agent executing this
Notice.)
________________________________________
To file, please send this form and the filing fee to:
ICE Futures U.S., Inc.
Legal Department
55 East 52nd Street, 41st Floor
New York, NY 10055


ICE Futures U.S.®, Inc.
ARBITRATION RULES
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Rule
Subject
20.00
Quorum and Disqualification
20.01
Definitions
20.02
Jurisdiction
20.03
Procedure
20.04
Withdrawal of Claims
20.05
Modification of Award
20.06
Compensation of Arbitrators
20.07
Punitive Damages
20.08
Failure to Comply with Award


ICE FUTURES U.S.®, INC.
ARBITRATION RULES
Rule 20.00. Quorum and Disqualification
(a) An individual shall be disqualified from taking any action as a member of the Arbitration
Committee or as an arbitrator prescribed in the Arbitration Rules if such individual or an Affiliated Firm
has an interest in the Claim or dispute. Any member of the Arbitration Committee may disqualify himself
for any reason he deems appropriate. Each member of the Arbitration Committee or arbitrator appointed
to hear and determine a Claim or grievance shall conduct himself in a manner consistent with the
ABA/American Arbitration Association's "Code of Ethics for Arbitrators in Commercial Disputes" and
shall disclose to the Chairman of the Arbitration Committee, who shall thereafter advise the parties to the
arbitration, at any stage of the arbitration, any past or present, direct or indirect financial, business,
professional, family or social relationship which is likely to affect an appearance or which might
reasonably create an appearance of partiality or bias.
(b) If the Chairman of the Arbitration Committee is disqualified or is unavailable, the Vice Chairman
of the Arbitration Committee shall act as Chairman. If both the Chairman and the Vice Chairman of the
Arbitration Committee are disqualified or are unavailable, the Chairman of the Board of Directors shall
appoint another member of the Arbitration Committee to act as Chairman.
(c) The lesser of a majority or three (3) members of the Arbitration Committee shall constitute a
quorum for the transaction of business. Any action taken by a vote of the majority of the Arbitration
Committee members present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be deemed to be a valid
action of the Arbitration Committee.
Rule 20.01. Definitions
Unless otherwise indicated, the following terms shall, for the purposes of these Arbitration Rules,
have the following meanings:
(a) "Claims or grievance" shall mean any dispute which arises out of any Transaction on or subject to
the Rules executed by or effected through a Member or any employee of such Member, which dispute
does not require for adjudication the presence of essential witnesses or third (3rd) parties over whom the
Exchange does not have jurisdiction or who are otherwise not available. The term "Claim or grievance"
shall not include disputes arising from cash market transactions which are not a part of, or directly
connected with, any Transaction.
(b) "Customer" shall mean any Person with a Claim or grievance against a Member or any employee
of such Member; provided, however, that it shall not include Members.
(c) "Claimant" shall mean a Person who asserts a Claim pursuant to these Arbitration Rules.
(d) "Respondent" shall mean a Person against whom a Claim is asserted pursuant to these Arbitration
Rules.
(e) "Contract market" shall mean an exchange designated by the Commodity Futures Trading
Commission as a contract market under the Commodity Exchange Act.
(f) "Allowable Claim" shall mean a Claim for losses arising directly from (i) any order or Transaction
for the purchase, sale, exercise or expiration of an Exchange Futures Contract or Exchange Option, (ii)
any cash market transaction which is part of, or directly connected with, any Transaction, (iii) any
documented loan made to a Member by his Clearing Member guarantor for the express purpose of
acquiring a Membership, (iv) any dispute concerning the purchase, sale, transfer or ownership of a


Membership and (v) the performance of the Clearing Member guarantor’s obligations pursuant to the
terms of its Guaranty Agreement. An Allowable Claim shall not include legal or other incidental expenses
incurred in connection with any such losses or with the events giving rise to any such losses.
Amended by the Board March 8, 2007; effective March 12, 2007 [¶ (f)].
Rule 20.02. Jurisdiction
(a) Any Claim or grievance by a Customer against a Member, or any employee thereof, shall, if the
Customer so elects, be settled by arbitration in accordance with these Arbitration Rules. If such a Claim
or grievance is made, any counterclaim permissible under subparagraph (a)(ii) of Rule 20.03 of these
Arbitration Rules shall, if asserted by such Member or employee thereof, likewise be settled by arbitration
in accordance with these Arbitration Rules.
(b) Any Allowable Claim by a Member against another Member, whether originating before or during
the period of time that the parties are Members, shall be settled by arbitration in accordance with these
Arbitration Rules. If such an Allowable Claim is made, any Allowable Claim which may be asserted as a
counter-claim under subparagraph (a)(ii) of Rule 20.03 shall likewise be settled by arbitration in
accordance with these Arbitration Rules. Arbitration proceedings invoked pursuant to this paragraph shall
be independent of, and shall not interfere with or delay the resolution of Customers' Claims and
grievances submitted for arbitration pursuant to paragraph (a).
(c) All other disputes or controversies, regardless of their nature, between or among any two (2) or
more parties, shall, if agreed to by all parties involved, be settled by arbitration in accordance with these
Arbitration Rules. Arbitration proceedings invoked pursuant to this paragraph shall be independent of,
and shall not interfere with or delay the resolution of Customers' Claims and grievances submitted for
arbitration pursuant to paragraph (a).
(d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Panel or, in the absence of a Panel, any three (3) members of
the Arbitration Committee appointed by the Chairman of the Arbitration Committee, in its sole and
absolute discretion, may decline to take jurisdiction of, or, having taken jurisdiction may at any time
decline to proceed further with, any Claim or grievance or any other dispute, controversy or counterclaim,
other than such as may be asserted under paragraph (a) of this Rule.
Rule 20.03. Procedure
(a) Claims Asserted Pursuant to Rules 20.02(a) and (b).
(i) A Person desiring to invoke the provisions of this paragraph (a) shall, within two (2) years from
the time the Claim or grievance arose, file with the Exchange a Notice of Arbitration. The Notice of
Arbitration shall set forth the name and address of the party or parties against whom the Claim or
grievance is being asserted, the nature and substance of the Claim or grievance, the relief requested and
the factual and legal bases alleged to underlie such relief. In the event of a Notice of Arbitration submitted
by a Customer, such Notice of Arbitration shall indicate whether the Customer elects to have the Claim or
grievance heard and determined by a Mixed Panel, as provided in subparagraph (a)(iii) of this Rule.
Failure to so indicate will be deemed a waiver of such election.
The Notice of Arbitration shall be accompanied by the Claimant's non-refundable check payable to
the Exchange in payment of the arbitration fee. The amount of the fee shall be determined by the amount
of the relief requested in the Notice of Arbitration, as follows:
Relief Requested
Amount of Fee
Up to $5,000
3% (minimum $100)
$5,001 to $10,000
$150, plus 2% of excess over $5,000
$10,001 to $15,000
$250, plus 1% of excess over $10,000


$15,001 to $100,000
$300, plus 1% of excess over $15,000
$100,001 and above
$1,150, plus 1/2% of excess over $100,000
(ii) Upon receipt, the Exchange shall promptly deliver a copy of the Notice of Arbitration to each
Respondent and to the Chairman of the Arbitration Committee. Each Respondent shall, within twenty
(20) days following the delivery of such Notice, file an Answering Statement with the Exchange, with a
copy to the Claimant, setting forth its or his position with respect to the Claimant's Claim or grievance.
Any allegation in the Notice of Arbitration not denied by a Respondent in its or his Answering Statement
shall be deemed admitted.
The Answering Statement may set forth one (1) or more counterclaims against the Claimant provided
that any such counterclaims (A) arise out of the Transaction or occurrence that is the subject of the
Claimant's claim or grievance and (B) do not require for adjudication the presence of essential witnesses,
parties or third (3rd) Persons over which the Exchange does not have jurisdiction. Other counterclaims are
permissible only if the Claimant agrees to the submission thereof after such counterclaims have arisen.
If an Answering Statement sets forth one (1) or more counterclaims, the Claimant shall reply to such
counterclaims within twenty (20) days following delivery of the Respondent's Answering Statement. The
Reply shall be filed with the Exchange, with a copy to the Respondent involved.
(iii) The Chairman of the Arbitration Committee, promptly after receipt by the Exchange of the
Answering Statement, shall appoint a Panel of disinterested Persons to hear and determine the Claim or
grievance, selecting one (1) as the Chairman of the Panel. If the amount of relief requested is more than or
equal to five thousand dollars ($5,000), the Panel shall be composed of three (3) or more individuals. If
the amount of relief requested is less than five thousand ($5,000), a sole arbitrator may be appointed by
the Chairman of the Arbitration Committee in accordance with subparagraph (a)(viii) of the Rule. In a
case where a Customer has, in his Notice of Arbitration, elected a Mixed Panel, at least a majority of the
Persons selected shall not be Members or associated with any Member of a contract market, or any
employee thereof, or otherwise associated with a contract market. Promptly following such appointment,
the Exchange shall forward copies of the Notice of Arbitration Answering Statement and Reply, if there
be one, to the Panel members selected.
(iv) The Exchange shall notify the parties of the appointment of the members of the Panel. Any party
objecting to all or any members of the Panel shall file such objection with the Chairman of the Arbitration
Committee within ten (10) days of the giving of such notice by the Exchange. The Chairman of the
Arbitration Committee shall then determine whether changes in the composition of the Panel are
appropriate, and if so, shall make such changes. Any vacancy occurring on the Panel for any reason shall
be filled by an individual appointed by the Chairman of the Arbitration Committee. The parties shall be
notified of the filling of such vacancy and may file objections to the new appointee to the Panel in
accordance with the procedure set forth above.
(v)(A) The parties shall, within a time specified by the Chairman of the Panel, furnish each other and
the Panel with a statement listing the witnesses expected to be called and the documents expected to
be introduced into evidence, together with copies of such documents. Unless the Panel waives
compliance with this requirement, no witness may testify and no documentary evidence may be
introduced at the hearing unless listed in (and, in the case of documents, furnished with) such
statement.
(B) After the exchange of documents, any party may notify another party and the Chairman of the
Panel of any pertinent documents and information it seeks from such other party that were not
provided as part of the document exchange.
The other party has five (5) days to provide the
requested documents or information or object to their production. Any objection to a request for
the production of documents or other information shall be resolved by the Chairman of the Panel, or
his designee.


(vi) The Panel shall establish, on not less than ten (10) days' written notice to the parties, the date,
time and place of the hearing. Each Panel shall determine the procedures to be followed in any hearing
before it, including the use of preliminary hearings to resolve discovery disputes, simplify the issues, and
expedite the hearings, except that the following shall apply in every case:
(A) Each of the parties shall be entitled to appear personally at the hearing
(B) Each of the parties, at his own expense, shall have the right to be represented by counsel in any
aspect of the proceeding.
(C) Each of the parties shall be entitled to (1) prepare and present all relevant facts in support of the
Claims and grievances, defenses or counterclaims, and to present rebuttal evidence to such Claims or
grievances, defenses or counterclaims made by the other parties, (2) examine the other parties, (3)
examine any witnesses appearing at the hearing, and (4) examine all relevant documents presented in
connection with the Claim or grievance, or any defense or counterclaim applicable thereto.
(D) The formal rules of evidence shall not apply.
(E) No verbatim record shall be made of the proceedings, unless requested by a party who shall
bear the cost of such record. If such a request is made, a stenographic transcript shall be taken, but not
transcribed unless requested by a party who shall bear the cost of such transcription.
(F) Ex parte contacts by any of the parties with members of the Panel shall not be permitted.
(G) The Panel shall have the power, on the request of any party or on its own motion, to require any
Person to testify and/or to produce documentary evidence in the proceedings as and to the extent
provided for in Rule 21.04.
(vii) The Panel shall, within sixty (60) days of the termination of the hearing, render its award in
writing and deliver a copy thereof either in person or by first-class mail to each of the parties. The Panel,
in its award, may grant any remedy or relief which it deems just and equitable, including, without
limitation, the awarding of interest and the arbitration fee; provided, however, that any costs incurred as a
result of having a Mixed Panel shall be born by the Member unless the Panel determines that the
Customer acted in bad faith in initiating or conducting the proceeding. Further, in any case wherein it is
alleged that the Claim or grievance arose from a violation of the Rules in the execution of a Customer
order on the Floor of the Exchange and the Panel determines that such violation occurred, the Panel may
award the Customer the actual damages proximately caused by said violation. The award of the Panel
shall be final and binding upon each of the parties to the arbitration, and judgment upon such award may
be entered by any court having jurisdiction. Any Member who is a Respondent in an arbitration
conducted pursuant to the Rules shall notify the Assistant Corporate Secretary of the Exchange of any
judicial proceeding based on the award. In addition, any award, if not complied with within the time
specified in the award, shall be enforceable by disciplinary proceedings pursuant to Rules.
(viii) Notwithstanding any other provision of this paragraph (a), including the right of a Customer to
elect a Mixed Panel pursuant to Rule 20.03(a)(iii), if a Notice of Arbitration sets forth Claims or
grievances aggregating less than five thousand dollars ($5,000), and the Answering Statement submitted
by the Respondent either does not raise counterclaims or raises one (1) or more counterclaims aggregating
less than five thousand dollars ($5,000), the Chairman of the Arbitration Committee may, on the request
of any party or on his own motion, in his sole and absolute discretion, decide that there shall not be a
hearing, in which case the following procedures shall apply:
(A) The Chairman of the Arbitration Committee shall notify both parties that neither the Claims or
grievances nor the counterclaims, if any, aggregate to five thousand dollars ($5,000).
(B) The Claimant shall, within twenty (20) days of such notification, submit to the Exchange with a
copy to each of the Respondents, a memorandum (together with such supporting documents,


affidavits and other materials as the Claimant deems pertinent) setting forth the bases upon which he
believes he is entitled to the relief requested in the Notice of Arbitration.
(C) Each Respondent shall, within twenty (20) days of its or his receipt of the Claimant's
memorandum and supporting documentation, submit to the Exchange, with a copy to the Claimant, a
memorandum (together with such supporting documents, affidavits and other materials as the
respondent deems pertinent) setting forth the bases upon which he believes that the relief requested by
the Claimant should be denied and, if said Respondent has raised counterclaims in his Answering
Statement, the bases upon which he believes he is entitled to the relief requested by such
counterclaims.
(D) The Chairman of the Arbitration Committee may, on the request of any party or on his own
motion, in his sole and absolute discretion determine whether to allow or require the submission of
reply or additional papers, unless a Respondent has asserted one (1) or more counterclaims, in which
case the Claimant shall be entitled to reply to such counterclaims within ten (10) days of delivery of
the Respondent's memorandum setting forth the bases thereof.
(E) The Chairman of the Arbitration Committee or his designee, acting as sole arbitrator, shall,
within thirty (30) days of his receipt of the final papers filed, render an award in writing and deliver a
copy thereof either in person or by first-class mail to each of the parties. The sole arbitrator in his
award may grant any remedy or relief which he deems just and equitable, including, without
limitation, the awarding of interest and the arbitration fee; provided, however, that any costs incurred
as a result of a Customer requesting a Mixed Panel shall be borne by the Member unless the sole
arbitrator determines that the Customer acted in bad faith in initiating or conducting the proceeding.
Further, in any case wherein it is alleged that the Claim or grievance arose from a violation of the
Rules in the execution of a Customer order on the Floor of the Exchange and the sole arbitrator
determines that such a violation occurred, the sole arbitrator may award the Customer the actual
damages proximately caused by said violation. The decision of the sole arbitrator shall be final and
binding upon each of the parties to the arbitration, and judgment upon such award may be entered by
any court having jurisdiction. In addition, any award, if not complied with within the time specified in
the award, shall be enforceable by disciplinary proceedings pursuant to the Rules.
(ix) The failure of any party to an arbitration to comply with any of the requirements of this paragraph
(a), or with any demand or request of either the Panel, the sole arbitrator or the Chairman of the
Arbitration Committee shall be deemed a violation of the Rules and shall, in addition to any other action
the Exchange may take for any such violation, subject such party to such action by the Panel, the sole
arbitrator or the Chairman of the Arbitration Committee (including without limitation the entry of an
award against such party) as it or he shall deem appropriate under the circumstances.
(x) Notwithstanding the provisions of subparagraph (x) of this paragraph (a), either the Panel, the sole
arbitrator or the Chairman of the Arbitration Committee, may for good cause shown extend any time
limitation imposed by this paragraph (a) (except the two (2) year and the thirty (30) day limitation periods
set forth in subparagraph (a)(i)) or may excuse any neglect to comply therewith or with any other
requirement of this paragraph (a) or demand or request of the Panel, the sole arbitrator or the Chairman of
the Arbitration Committee.
(b) Other Claims Asserted Pursuant to Rule 20.02(c).
(i) Any dispute or controversy between or among any two (2) or more parties may, if all of the parties
to such dispute or controversy so agree, be settled by arbitration in accordance with this paragraph (b).
Such dispute or controversy shall be heard and determined in accordance with the procedures set forth in
paragraph (a) of this Rule, except for the following:
(A) In lieu of the procedure set forth in the first sentence of subparagraph (i) of paragraph (a), the
provisions of this paragraph (b) shall be invoked by the submission by all of the parties concerned of


an agreement to submit the dispute or controversy to arbitration in accordance with this paragraph (b)
and to be bound by the award of the arbitrators. Following such submission, the Exchange shall
forward to the party requesting relief the information set forth in subparagraph (i) of paragraph (a) of
this Rule, whereupon all of the other procedures set forth in said subparagraph (i) of paragraph (a)
shall apply.
(B) None of the limitations on counterclaims set forth in subparagraph (ii) of paragraph (a) shall
apply.
Amended by the Board September 10, 2008; effective September 15, 2008 [¶¶ (a)(iii) and (v)(A) and (B)].
Rule 20.04. Withdrawal of Claims
Any Notice of Arbitration may be withdrawn at any time before an Answering Statement is filed in
accordance with these Rules.
If an Answering Statement has been filed, any withdrawal shall require consent of the party against
which the Claim or grievance is asserted.
Rule 20.05. Modification of Award
On written application to the Assistant Corporate Secretary of the Exchange by a party to an
arbitration, within twenty (20) days after delivery of the award to the applicant, the Panel or sole
arbitrator may modify the award if:
(1) there was a miscalculation of figures or a mistake in the description of any Person, thing, or
property referred to in the award; or
(2) the Panel or sole arbitrator has awarded upon a matter not submitted to it and the award may be
corrected without affecting the merits of the decision upon the issues submitted; or
(3) the award is imperfect in a matter of form, not affecting the merits of the controversy.
Written notice of the application shall be given to the other parties to the arbitration. Written
objection to the modification must be served on the Exchange and the other parties to the arbitration
within ten (10) days of receipt of the application. The Panel or sole arbitrator shall dispose of any
application made under this Rule in writing, signed and acknowledged by the Panel or sole arbitrator,
within thirty (30) days after either written objection to the modification has been served on it or the time
for serving said objection has expired, whichever is earlier. The parties may in writing extend the time for
such disposition either before or after its expiration.
Rule 20.06. Compensation of Arbitrators
The parties to an arbitration shall pay the arbitrators appointed in each matter compensation in
accordance with such fee schedule as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine. The
arbitrators in each such matters shall determine the proportion in which such compensation shall be paid
by each of the parties.
Rule 20.07. Punitive Damages
In the case of a Claim or grievance arising from a violation of the Rules in the execution of a
Customer order on the Floor of the Exchange wherein it is determined by the Panel or the sole arbitrator
that the violation was willful and intentional, punitive damages may be awarded the Customer in an
amount equal to no more than two (2) times the amount of actual damages proximately caused by the
violation.


Rule 20.08. Failure to Comply With Award
(a) Any Member in whose favor an award has been rendered pursuant to this Chapter shall promptly
notify the Assistant Corporate Secretary of the Exchange, in writing, if the award is not complied with.
Any Member, who fails to comply with the terms of an award rendered against such Member, shall be
subject to the procedures set forth in this Rule.
Specifically, upon receipt of a notice or information
indicating that a Member has failed to comply with the terms of an award rendered against such Member,
the Exchange shall notify such Member against whom or which the award was rendered of the
Exchange's intention to suspend his or its privileges as a Member and afford the Member an opportunity
to be heard by a panel of the Arbitration Committee appointed by the Chairman for the sole purpose of
proving that the award has been satisfied, provided that the Secretary of the Exchange receives a written
request from the Member for such a hearing within five (5) Business Days after receipt of such notice by
the Member. Failure to so request such a hearing shall be deemed an acknowledgment by the Member
that the award has not been complied with. Any such hearing shall be conducted in accordance with such
procedures as the Panel shall determine. The Panel shall consist of no less than three (3) members of the
Arbitration Committee. Following any such hearing, the Panel shall determine whether the Member has
failed to timely satisfy the award and shall promptly advise the Exchange, and all parties in the
proceeding, of its determination.
(b) If the Panel shall find, or if a Member shall acknowledge that he or it has failed to comply with
any award rendered pursuant to this Chapter when and as provided by such award, the Member shall be
automatically suspended and shall remain suspended until the award is complied with and the suspended
Member is reinstated, as provided in Rule 21.35.
(c) If a Member suspended pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Rule fails to comply with the arbitration
award upon which such suspension was based within thirty (30) days following the effective date of the
suspension:
(i) the Member shall be expelled or, in the case of a Member Firm, member privileges terminated;
and
(ii) his Membership and Required Shares, if any, or in the case of a Member Firm, the
Memberships and Required Shares of the Conferring Members, sold and the proceeds paid and
applied as provided in Rule 21.36.


Irrevocable Standby Letter of Credit
The terms of this letter of credit shall be the UCG Uniform Letter of Credit Terms dated 4/16/99, including
paragraphs 1 through 8 thereof and Exhibits A through F-2 thereto, which are incorporated herein by reference.
Very truly yours,
[Name of Issuing Bank]
By:
[Signature]
[Name Typed or Printed]
As Its:
[Title]
Cover Page to UCG Uniform Form 4/16/99
Applicant [Customer Name and Address]:________
___________________________________________
Account Type: [“Proprietary” or “Customer
Segregated]
Issuing Bank: __________________________________
Letter of Credit Number: _________________________
Issue Date: ____________________________________
Governing Law:
[__] State of Illinois OR
[__] State of New York.
Beneficiary: [Name and address of Clearing Member
Firm that is the Original Beneficiary]
Telephone number: _____________________________
Facsimile number: ______________________________
S.W.I.F.T. Bank Identifier Code: [If applicable.]
This Letter of Credit is intended to replace our Letter of
Credit No.: ________________ issued on ___________.
[Leave blank if this Letter of Credit is not replacing an
outstanding credit of Issuing Bank.]
Amount: [Specify Amount and, if other than USD,
currency.]
Expiry Date: [Consult “Supplemental Instructions” of
Original Beneficiary to determine acceptable dates.]
Issuing Bank Primary Office: [Address of Primary
Office for presentation of Demand.]
Telephone number: _____________________________
Facsimile number: ______________________________
S.W.I.F.T. Bank Identifier Code: __________________
Alternative Office 1: [Address of first Alternative
Office, if any, for presentation of Demand.]
Telephone number: _____________________________
Facsimile number: ______________________________
S.W.I.F.T. Bank Identifier Code: __________________
Alternative Office 2: [Address of second Alternative
Office, if any, for presentation of Demand.]
Telephone number: _____________________________
Facsimile number: ______________________________
S.W.I.F.T. Bank Identifier Code: __________________
Non-U.S. Office for Currency other than USD: [Address
of office for presentation of Demand and payment of
non-USD currency.]
Telephone number: _____________________________
Facsimile number: ______________________________
S.W.I.F.T. Bank Identifier Code: __________________
As used in this Letter of Credit, “Approved Means”
refers to any one of the following as indicated: (i) [__]
hand delivery of a manually signed copy of a document,
(ii) [__] S.W.I.F.T. MT 707 message, (iii) [__] tested
telex.
As used in this Letter of Credit, “Cutoff Time” shall
mean: [__] 3:00 p.m. or [__] 4:00 p.m. [If neither is
selected, Cutoff Time shall mean 3:00 p.m.]


 
 
UCG Uniform Form 4/16/99 
UCG Uniform Letter of Credit Terms 
 
1. 
(a) 
We, the Issuing Bank, hereby establish, effective immediately, in favor of you, the 
Beneficiary, our Irrevocable Standby Letter of Credit numbered as set forth on the Cover Page above 
("Letter of Credit"), which is available for payment at sight upon presentation of a demand for payment 
as follows: 
 
(i) 
hand delivery of your signed demand for payment containing the text of Exhibit 
A attached hereto at our office identified on the Cover Page as the primary office to which a demand is 
to be made ("Primary Office") or, if such Primary Office is not Open for Business because of an 
interruption of business as described in Article 36 of the UCP, then at one of the alternative offices (each 
an  "Alternative Office") specified on the Cover Page (if any such office is specified); or 
 
(ii) 
transmission by facsimile of your signed demand for payment containing the text 
of Exhibit A to the facsimile number specified on the Cover Page for our Primary Office or, if such 
Primary Office is not Open for Business because of an interruption of business as described in Article 36 
of the UCP, then to the facsimile number specified on the Cover Page for an Alternative Office (if any 
such office is specified); or 
 
(iii) 
transmission to us at our Primary Office or, if such Primary Office is not Open 
for Business because of an interruption of business as described in Article 36 of the UCP, then to an 
Alternative Office (if any such office is specified), of a S.W.I.F.T. MT 799 message containing the text 
of Exhibit A; or 
 
(iv) 
if the Amount specified on the Cover Page is in a currency other than U.S. 
Dollars, then a Demand may be made, at the election of the Beneficiary, either (A) in accordance with 
paragraph 1(a)(i), (ii) or (iii) hereof or (B) at the non-U.S. office specified on the Cover Page ("Non-
U.S. Office") by presentation of your signed demand for payment containing the text of Exhibit A either 
by hand delivery or transmission by facsimile to the applicable facsimile number specified on the Cover 
Page for the Non-U.S. Office or by transmission to the Non-U.S. Office of a S.W.I.F.T. MT 799 
message containing the text of Exhibit A. 
 
Presentation of a demand for payment in accordance with paragraph 1(a)(i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) hereof is 
hereinafter referred to as a "Demand."  The Issuing Bank agrees that it will promptly notify the 
Beneficiary of any change in the facsimile numbers referred to on the Cover Page via an amendment 
transmitted by Approved Means (as defined below) substantially in the form of Exhibit C attached 
hereto.  A Demand made by facsimile transmission or S.W.I.F.T. is effective in accordance with the 
terms of this Letter of Credit whether or not it is accompanied or followed by a copy of such Demand in 
any other form.  As used throughout this Letter of Credit and the Exhibits hereto, references to specific 
forms of S.W.I.F.T. messages shall be deemed to include references to any successor forms that may be 
designated by S.W.I.F.T. from time to time. 
 
(b) 
Funds may be drawn under this Letter of Credit in one drawing or from time to time in 
one or more partial drawings on or before the Expiry Date specified on the Cover Page or in an 


 
 
UCG Uniform Form 4/16/99 
amendment effected in accordance with paragraph 4 hereof, provided that the aggregate amount drawn 
shall not exceed the Amount specified on the Cover Page as it may be amended from time to time. 
 
(c) 
A Demand in conformity with paragraph 1(a)(i), (ii) or (iv) hereof may be made at any 
time when our office to which presentation is made is Open for Business on or prior to the Expiry Date. 
A Demand in conformity with paragraph 1(a)(iii) hereof may be made at any time prior to 11:59 p.m. 
on the Expiry Date.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if: (i) this Letter of Credit is identified on its face as 
replacing a letter of credit previously issued by us, or (ii) you receive a letter of credit issued by us that 
is identified on its face as replacing this Letter of Credit, then, in either case, you may make a Demand 
or Demands under only one of the two letters of credit and the other letter of credit shall be terminated 
upon the making of any such Demand that is honored by us. 
 
2. 
(a) 
Except to the extent otherwise provided in paragraph 2(f) hereof with respect to payment 
of currency other than U.S. Dollars, if a Demand is made by you on any Business Day at a time prior to 
the Cutoff Time (as specified on the Cover Page) when our office to which the Demand is made is Open 
for Business, we will effect payment in accordance with paragraph 2(c) hereof within 60 minutes after 
our receipt of such Demand.  If your Demand occurs after the Cutoff Time on any Business Day or at a 
time when the office to which your Demand is made is not Open for Business, we will effect payment in 
accordance with paragraph 2(c) hereof as soon as possible thereafter but in any event within 60 minutes 
after the earliest time when such office is next Open for Business. 
 
(b)  
If on the Expiry Date our Primary Office is not Open for Business for reasons other than 
an interruption of business as described in Article 36 of the UCP (hereinafter defined), payment will 
nevertheless be made within 60 minutes following your Demand if such Demand is made prior to the 
Cutoff Time on the third (3rd) Business Day on which such office is next Open for Business.  If this 
Letter of Credit expires at a time when such office is not Open for Business because of an interruption of 
business as described in Article 36 of the UCP, we will make payment if a Demand that is otherwise in 
conformity with paragraph 1 is presented to us either: (i) at one of the Alternative Offices of the Issuing 
Bank specified on the Cover Page (including the Non-U.S. Office, if one is specified) not later than the 
third (3rd) Business Day on which such office is Open for Business following the Expiry Date, or (ii) at 
our Primary Office not later than the tenth (10th) Business Day after the date on which such office is 
again Open for Business. 
 
(c) 
Not later than the time specified in paragraph 2(a) or 2(f) hereof , as applicable, we will, 
irrevocably and without setoff, reserve or other condition, effect payment of  the full amount demanded 
by you in funds which are immediately available to you either: (i)  by crediting such funds to the 
account in your name at our bank that is designated in the Demand; or  (ii) by transmitting such funds 
by wire transfer to the account in your name at another bank that is designated by you in the Demand. 
(d) 
As used in this Letter of Credit, (i) "Open for Business" shall mean, with respect to an 
office of the Issuing Bank, open to the public for the transaction of banking business on any day other 
than a Saturday, a Sunday or a banking holiday in the city where such office is located, and such office 
shall be deemed to continue to be "Open for Business" until such office is closed to the public for such 
day without regard to any earlier designated legal cut-off hour for the handling of items and balancing of 
books, and without regard to any reopening for limited purposes during late afternoon or evening hours 


 
 
UCG Uniform Form 4/16/99 
on such day, and (ii) a "Business Day" shall mean, with respect to an office of the Issuing Bank, any day 
that such office is Open for Business. 
 
(e) 
All times specified in this Letter of Credit refer to local time in effect at the office of the 
Issuing Bank at which presentation of a Demand is made. 
 
(f) 
In the event that the Amount is in a currency other than U.S. Dollars and is payable at 
the Non-U.S. Office, the provisions of this paragraph 2(f) shall replace the provisions of  paragraph 2(a) 
hereof.   If a Demand is made either at our Primary Office or at the Non-U.S. Office, or at an Alternative 
Office when permitted under paragraph 2(b) hereof, on any Business Day at a time prior to the Cutoff 
Time when our office to which the Demand is made is Open for Business, we will, within 60 minutes 
after our receipt of such Demand, either effect payment or transmit to you by facsimile or by Approved 
Means, our irrevocable and unconditional commitment in the form of Exhibit B attached hereto 
("Commitment") to honor your Demand, which Commitment shall specify the latest time by which 
payment will be effected.  If your Demand occurs after the Cutoff Time on any Business Day or at a 
time when the office to which your Demand is made is not Open for Business, we will either effect such 
payment or transmit such Commitment as soon as possible thereafter but in any event within 60 minutes 
after the earliest time when such office is next Open for Business.  In the case of any Demand made in 
accordance with this paragraph 2(f), we will effect payment in accordance with paragraph 2(c) hereof as 
soon as possible and in any event prior to the close of business at our office at which payment is to be 
effected on the Business Day next following the day on which such Commitment is due. 
 
3. 
We agree with you that: 
 
(a) 
The times set forth herein within which payment must be made by us are reasonable and 
sufficient to enable us: (i) to examine the text of the presented Demand so as to ascertain that on its face 
it complies with the terms of this credit; and (ii) thereafter to effect payment in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph 2(c) hereof. 
 
(b) 
Payment hereunder shall be made regardless of: 
 
(i) 
any written or oral direction, request, notice or other communication now or 
hereafter received by us from the Applicant, or any other person except you, including, without 
limitation, any communication regarding fraud, forgery, lack of authority or other defect not apparent on 
the face of the signed Demand presented by you; 
 
(ii) 
the solvency, existence or condition (financial or other) of, or the pendency of 
any proceeding under the United States Bankruptcy Code or any other insolvency law or the Securities 
Investor Protection Act with respect to, the Applicant or any other person or any property from whom or 
out of which we may be entitled to reimbursement for such payment, or the value of any such property; 
and 
 
(iii)  without limiting clause (ii) above, whether we are in receipt of or expect to receive 
funds or other property to use as payment to you or as reimbursement, in whole or in part, for such 
payment to you or whether the consideration for this Letter of Credit has been performed or has failed. 


 
 
UCG Uniform Form 4/16/99 
 
(c) 
We will not take any action, including but not limited to any action to cause the issuance 
of an order of any court, relieving us of our obligations, or determining whether or not we are obligated, 
to make payment in accordance with the terms of this Letter of Credit. 
 
(d) 
All fees and other costs chargeable by us or otherwise associated with this Letter of 
Credit and any Demands or payments under this Letter of Credit or amendments thereto shall be for the 
account of the Applicant and shall not in any manner be a liability of yours, and failure of the Applicant 
or Clearing Member to pay any amount in respect hereof shall not affect our obligation to make 
payment to you hereunder. 
 
(e) 
This Letter of Credit is the complete undertaking of the Issuing Bank and it is not, and 
shall not be deemed to be, modified by any references to any other document (except only the Exhibits 
attached hereto and the UCP, referenced below) or any written or oral agreement. 
 
(f) 
The Beneficiary is not bound by, and the rights of the Beneficiary hereunder shall not be 
affected in any manner by, the existence of, or your knowledge or notice (whether actual or constructive) 
of, any written or oral agreement of any type, whether now or hereafter existing, with respect to this 
Letter of Credit (or otherwise) between us and the Applicant or any other person, or by the existence of, 
or your knowledge or notice (whether actual or constructive) of, any other matter. 
 
(g) 
Failure of the Issuing Bank to make any payment demanded by the Beneficiary in 
conformity herewith within the times specified herein shall constitute dishonor of such Demand and of 
this Letter of Credit, notwithstanding any provision of law or any custom or usage of trade that would 
otherwise permit us to defer payment for a longer period of time without dishonor. 
 
4. 
(a) 
Subject to all other provisions of this Letter of Credit, certain information on the Cover 
Page of this Letter of Credit may be amended by our transmission to you by Approved Means of an 
amendment containing the text of  Exhibit C attached hereto, the stated amount of this Letter of Credit 
may be increased or decreased by our transmission to you by Approved Means of an amendment 
containing the text of Exhibit D attached hereto, and the Expiry Date may be amended by our 
transmission to you by Approved Means of an amendment containing the text of Exhibit E attached 
hereto.  Any such amendment having the sole effect of (i) providing notice to the Beneficiary of any 
change in the address, facsimile number or telephone number for our Primary Office, an Alternative 
Office or the Non-U.S. Office specified on the Cover Page hereof, (ii) increasing the stated amount, or 
(iii) extending the Expiry Date of this Letter of Credit to an Expiry Date which is later than the then 
current Expiry Date shall be effective upon receipt by the Beneficiary.  Any amendment that: (i) reduces 
the stated amount, or (ii) specifies an Expiry Date which is earlier than the then specified Expiry Date, 
shall be effective when and only when accepted by the Beneficiary by (i) returning to us an executed 
counterpart of a manually executed amendment, (ii) delivery of a tested telex indicating acceptance of 
such amendment, or (iii) delivery of a S.W.I.F.T. 730 message referring to such amendment that does 
not indicate that such amendment has been rejected. 
 
(b) 
Except to the extent expressly provided in paragraph 4(a) hereof, this Letter of Credit 
may not be amended by us without your consent. 


 
 
UCG Uniform Form 4/16/99 
 
(c) 
  For purposes of this Letter of Credit, "Approved Means" refers to any one of the means 
of transmission identified as an "Approved Means" on the Cover Page of this Letter of Credit. 
 
5. 
(a) 
This Letter of Credit is transferable to the extent, and only to the extent, provided in this 
paragraph 5 and in Exhibits F-1 and F-2 attached hereto. 
 
(b) 
Except as provided in paragraph 5(e) hereof, the Beneficiary named on the Cover Page 
at the date of issuance of this Letter of Credit (“Original Beneficiary”) may transfer the right to draw, in 
a single draw or one or more partial draws,  the entire amount available to be drawn under this Letter of 
Credit (but not less than such entire amount).  Such transfer shall be effective upon delivery to us at our 
Primary Office specified on the Cover Page of a transfer of this Letter of Credit in the form of Exhibit 
F-1 attached hereto, appropriately completed and manually executed by the Original Beneficiary. 
 
(c) 
The transferee under any transfer pursuant to paragraph 5(b) hereof ("Transferee") shall 
not be entitled to transfer this Letter of Credit except, subject to paragraph 5(e) hereof,  to transfer this 
Letter of Credit back to the Original Beneficiary.  Each such transfer shall be effective upon such 
Transferee's hand delivery to us at our Primary Office specified on the Cover Page of a fully executed 
transfer in the form of Exhibit F-2 attached hereto.  Upon our receipt of any such transfer back to the 
Original Beneficiary by a Transferee, such Transferee shall cease to have the status of a Transferee 
under this Letter of Credit and the Original Beneficiary may again transfer this Letter of Credit as 
provided in this paragraph 5. 
 
(d) 
Neither the Original Beneficiary nor the Transferee shall be charged any fee by us in 
connection with any transfer under this paragraph 5. 
 
(e) 
This Letter of Credit may not be transferred if: (i) it is identified on its face as replacing 
another letter of credit issued by us and such other letter of credit has not expired or was drawn upon 
prior to its expiration; or (ii) the Original Beneficiary or Transferee seeking to effect such transfer has 
received a letter of credit issued by us that indicates on its face that it is replacing this Letter of Credit. 
 
6. 
Except to the extent that the right of the Transferee to transfer this Letter of Credit is limited as 
set forth in paragraph 5 hereof, the Transferee shall be the Beneficiary hereunder unless and until this 
Letter of Credit is transferred back to the Original Beneficiary. 
 
7. 
This Letter of Credit is subject to the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits 
(2007 Revision), International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 600 (the "UCP") and to the law 
of the jurisdiction selected on the Cover Page hereof including, if the jurisdiction selected is Illinois, the 
Uniform Commercial Code ("UCC") as in effect in Illinois.   In the event of any conflict between the 
express terms stated herein and the UCP or the UCC, the terms of this Letter of Credit shall control, and 
in the event of any conflict between the terms of the UCC and the UCP, the terms of the UCP shall 
control.  
 
8. 
If the jurisdiction selected on the Cover Page hereof is New York, we irrevocably and 
unconditionally submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the 


 
 
UCG Uniform Form 4/16/99 
Southern District of New York or any New York State court sitting in New York County, New York in 
respect of any action brought against us relating in any way to this Letter of Credit. If the jurisdiction 
selected on the Cover Page hereof is Illinois, we irrevocably and unconditionally submit to the 
non-exclusive jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois or any 
court of the State of Illinois sitting in Cook County, Illinois in respect of any action brought against us 
relating in any way to this Letter of Credit. We irrevocably and unconditionally waive any objection to 
the laying of venue in the courts designated in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph. We agree not to, and irrevocably and unconditionally waive any right we might otherwise 
have to, bring any action or proceeding against you or your Transferee in any forum other than in one of 
such courts; provided, however, that in any action or proceeding that you or your Transferee brings 
against us in any forum, we may bring our responsive proceeding in that same forum. 
 
 
 
1764 


 
 
UCG Uniform Form 4/16/99 
Exhibit A 
 
Demand for Payment 
 
To:  [Name of Issuing Bank]  Date _______________________ 
 
NOTICE TO ISSUING BANK: PAYMENT OR, IN THE CASE OF CREDITS 
PAYABLE IN CURRENCY OTHER THAN USD, IRREVOCABLE COMMITMENT 
TO HONOR IS DUE WITHIN 60 MINUTES OF RECEIPT OF THIS DEMAND. 
 
Pursuant to your Irrevocable Standby Letter of Credit No. ____________, issued 
_____________ (the "Letter of Credit"), established for the account of __________________, 
as Applicant, demand is hereby made that ___________ [specify amount and currency] be 
[deposited in immediately available funds to account number_________ carried in our 
name at your Bank] [transferred via wire transfer (Fedwire in the case of USD) in 
immediately available funds to account number ___________________carried in our 
name at __________________ ] within 60 minutes of your receipt of this demand or by such 
later time as may be permitted under paragraph 2(a) or 2(f) of the Letter of Credit.  If we are a 
Transferee of the Letter of Credit, we hereby certify to you that we are entitled to draw the 
above sum as Transferee. 
 
Very truly yours, 
 
[Name of Beneficiary] 
 
 
By: 
[Signature] 
[Name Typed or Printed] 
 
 
As its: [Title] 
 
 


 
 
UCG Uniform Form 4/16/99 
 
Exhibit B 
 
 
Notice of Commitment to Honor 
 
 
To:  [Name of Beneficiary]  Date _______________________ 
 
Re:  
Demand for Payment Under Our Irrevocable Letter of Credit  
No.              , Issue Date                   . 
 
This is notice to you that we irrevocably and unconditionally commit ourselves to honor 
your Demand and will effect payment of the amount demanded, without presentment of this or 
any other document or any further action on your part, to the account specified in the Demand 
no later than:  __:__ local time in                           on __________,  ______. 
            (Time) 
 
        (City and Country)    
( Month and Day) 
(Year) 
 
This document is not an “instrument” governed by Article 3 of the Uniform Commercial Code. 
 
 
Very truly yours, 
 
[Issuing Bank] 
 
By: 
[Signature] 
[Name Typed or Printed] 
 
As its: [Title] 
 


 
 
UCG Uniform Form 4/16/99 
 
Exhibit C 
 
Amendment of Notice Information 
 
 
To:  [Name of Beneficiary] Date: _________________________ 
 
Please take notice that certain information on the Cover Page of our Irrevocable Standby 
Letter of Credit No. ________, issued _______________, ("Letter of Credit") is hereby 
amended as follows (leave blank if no change): 
 
Issuing Bank Primary Office:  
 
Alternative Office 1: 
Address: 
 
 
 
 
 
Address: 
Telephone number: 
 
 
 
 
Telephone number:  
 
 
Facsimile number:  
 
 
 
 
Facsimile number:  
 
 
S.W.I.F.T. Bank Identifier No. 
 
 
S.W.I.F.T. Bank Identifier No. 
 
Alternative Office 2: 
Address: 
Telephone number:  
 
 
 
Facsimile number:  
 
 
 
S.W.I.F.T. Bank Identifier No. 
 
Non-U.S. Office for Currency other than USD: 
Address: 
Telephone number:  
Facsimile number: 
S.W.I.F.T. Bank Identifier No. 
 
This amendment is effective upon your receipt following our transmission of it to you 
via Approved Means (as defined in the Letter of Credit). 
 
Very truly yours, 
 
[Issuing Bank] 
 
By: 
[Signature] 
[Name Typed or Printed] 
 
 
As its: [Title] 


 
 
UCG Uniform Form 4/16/99 
 
Exhibit D 
 
Amendment to Stated Amount of Irrevocable Standby Letter of Credit 
 
 
 
To:  [Name of Beneficiary] Date: ____________________________ 
 
 
 
Please take notice that our Irrevocable Standby Letter of Credit No. _____________, 
issued ____________ ("Letter of Credit") is hereby amended as follows: 
 
The stated amount is increased/decreased (strike one) by ____________ to a new stated 
amount of ____________________________ (______________________). 
 
This amendment is effective when, and only when, accepted by you as provided in the 
Letter of Credit unless the only effect of this amendment is to increase the stated amount of the 
Letter of Credit, in which case it is effective upon your receipt following our transmission of it to 
you via Approved Means (as defined in the Letter of Credit). 
 
Very truly yours, 
 
[Issuing Bank] 
 
By: 
[Signature] 
[Name Typed or Printed] 
 
 
As its: [Title] 
 
 
Accepted: 
 
[Name of Beneficiary] 
 
By: 
[Signature] 
[Name Typed or Printed] 
 
As Its: [Title] 
 
Date: 


 
 
UCG Uniform Form 4/16/99 
Exhibit E 
 
Amendment to Expiry Date of Irrevocable Standby Letter of Credit 
 
 
To : [Name of Beneficiary] Date: _________________________ 
 
 
 
Please take note that our Irrevocable Standby Letter of Credit No. ____________, 
issued _____________ (the "Letter of Credit"), is hereby amended to amend the Expiry Date as 
follows: 
 
The new Expiry Date is:  
 
 
 
 
 
. 
 
This amendment is effective when, and only when, accepted by you as provided in the 
Letter of Credit unless the only effect of this amendment is to extend the Letter of Credit by 
specifying an Expiry Date which is later than the current Expiry Date, in which case it is 
effective upon your receipt following our transmission of it to you via Approved Means (as 
defined in the Letter of Credit). 
 
Very truly yours, 
 
[Issuing Bank] 
 
By: 
[Signature] 
[Name Typed or Printed] 
 
 
As its: [Title] 
 
Accepted: 
 
[Name of Beneficiary] 
 
 
By: 
[Signature] 
[Name Typed or Printed] 
 
As its: [Title] 
 
Date: 


 
 
UCG Uniform Form 4/16/99 
Exhibit F-1 
 
Notice of Transfer by Original Beneficiary to Transferee 
 
To:  [Name of Issuing Bank]  Date: __________________________ 
 
For value received, the undersigned Beneficiary ("Original Beneficiary") hereby irrevocably transfers to: 
 
[Name of Transferee] 
[Address] 
[Telephone Number] 
 
all rights of the undersigned Original Beneficiary to draw under Irrevocable Standby Letter of Credit No.  
__________, issued _______________, ("Letter of Credit") in their entirety. 
 
All rights of the Beneficiary in the Letter of Credit, other than the right of the Beneficiary to transfer the 
credit, are transferred by the Original Beneficiary to the Transferee, who shall hereafter be the Beneficiary for all 
purposes other than such right of transfer, and the Original Beneficiary shall have no further rights thereunder, 
including rights relating to any amendments of the stated amount of the Letter of Credit or the Expiry Date or 
other amendments, and whether now existing or hereafter made.  All amendments are to be advised directly to the 
Transferee without necessity of any consent of or notice to the Original Beneficiary.  Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, the Transferee shall have the right to retransfer the Letter of Credit to the Original Beneficiary. 
 
The Cover Page of the Letter of Credit is returned herewith, and the Beneficiary hereby requests the 
Issuing Bank to endorse the transfer on the reverse thereof and forward it directly to the Transferee with the 
Issuing Bank's customary notice of transfer.  The Issuing Bank's endorsement of such transfer shall constitute its 
representation to the Transferee that neither of the conditions referred to in paragraph 5(e) of the Letter of Credit 
exists. 
 
Very truly yours, 
 
[Name of Original Beneficiary] 
 
By: 
[Signature] 
[Name Typed or Printed] 
 
As its: 
[Title] 
 
The undersigned, [name of certifying officer of Original Beneficiary], does hereby certify: 
  
1. 
That the undersigned is the presently serving and duly elected [title of certifying officer] of 
Original Beneficiary; and 
 
2. 
That the person whose name and signature appear above is personally known to the 
undersigned as the presently serving and duly elected [title of individual signing above on behalf of Original 
Beneficiary] of Original Beneficiary. 
 
 [Signature of certifying officer] 
 [Name of certifying officer] 
Date: __________________ 
 
 
Exhibit F-2 
 
Notice of Transfer by Transferee to Original Beneficiary  


 
 
UCG Uniform Form 4/16/99 
 
To:  [Name of Issuing Bank] Date:______________________ 
 
The undersigned Transferee hereby transfers to: 
 
[Name of Original Beneficiary] 
[Address] 
[Telephone Number] 
 
all of the rights of the undersigned Transferee to draw under the Irrevocable Standby Letter of Credit 
No. _____________, issued _______________, ("Letter of Credit") in their entirety. 
 
By this transfer, all rights of the Transferee are transferred to the above named Original 
Beneficiary, who shall hereafter be the Beneficiary for all purposes, and the Transferee shall have no 
further rights as Transferee thereof, including rights relating to any amendments, and whether now 
existing or hereafter made. 
 
The Cover Page of the Letter of Credit is returned herewith, and Transferee asks the Issuing 
Bank to endorse the transfer on the reverse thereof and forward it directly to the Original Beneficiary 
with the Issuing Bank's customary notice of transfer.  The Issuing Bank's endorsement of such transfer 
shall constitute its representation to the Original Beneficiary that neither of the conditions referred to in 
paragraph 5(e) of the Letter of Credit exists. 
 
Very truly yours, 
 
[Name of Transferee] 
 
By: 
[Signature] 
[Name Typed or Printed] 
 
As its: Title 
 
The undersigned, [name of certifying officer of Transferee], does hereby certify: 
 
1. 
That the undersigned is the presently serving and duly elected [title of certifying officer] 
of Transferee; and 
 
2. 
That the person whose name and signature appear above is personally known to the 
undersigned as the presently serving and duly elected [title of individual signing above on behalf of 
Original Beneficiary] of Transferee. 
 
 [Signature of certifying officer] 
 [Name of certifying officer] 
Date: __________________ 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 


 
G:\LEGSHARE\LTROFCRD\FINALFOR\3RD41699.WPD(12/00) 


 
APPROVED LETTER OF CREDIT BANKS 
May 2019 
 
If you wish to do business with ICE Futures U.S., please consult the following list to find banks around the 
world that are approved for issuing letters of credit. 
Should you have any questions, please contact the ICE Futures U.S. compliance group via email at 
compliance-us@theice.com  
Bank Name 
Branch 
Country 
Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Ltd. 
New York 
Australia 
Bank of America, N.A. 
Chicago 
United States 
Bank of China Ltd. 
New York 
China 
Bank of Montreal 
New York 
Canada 
Bank of New York Mellon 
New York 
United States 
Bank of Nova Scotia 
New York 
Canada 
Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ 
Chicago 
Japan 
Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ 
New York 
Japan 
BBVA S.A. 
New York 
Spain 
BMO Harris Bank N.A. 
Chicago 
United States 
BNP Paribas 
New York 
France 
Citibank N.A. 
New York 
United States 
CoBank 
Denver 
United States 
Comerica Bank 
Detroit 
United States 
Commerzbank 
New York 
Germany 
Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
New York 
France 
Credit Industriel et Commercial 
New York 
France 
Credit Suisse AG 
New York 
Switzerland 
DBS Bank Ltd. 
Los Angeles 
Singapore 
Deutsche Bank AG 
New York 
Germany 
DNB Bank ASA 
New York 
Norway 
DZ Bank AG 
New York 
Germany 
Fifth Third Bank 
Cincinnati 
United States 
Goldman Sachs Bank USA 
New York 
United States 
HSBC Bank USA 
New York 
United Kingdom 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
New York 
Italy 
Itau Unibanco S.A. 
New York 
Brazil 
JP Morgan Chase Bank 
New York 
United States 
JP Morgan Chase Bank 
Chicago 
United States 
KBC Bank 
New York 
Belgium 
Lloyds Bank PLC 
New York 
United Kingdom 
Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corp. 
New York 
Japan 
Mizuho Bank, Ltd. 
New York 
Japan 
National Australia Bank Limited 
New York 
Australia 
Natixis 
New York 
France 
Nordea Bank Finland Plc. 
New York 
Finland 
Norddeutsche Landesbank 
New York 
Germany 
The Northern Trust Company 
Chicago 
United States 
OCBC Bank 
New York 
Singapore 
Rabobank Nederland 
New York 
Netherlands 
Royal Bank of Canada 
New York 
Canada 
The Royal Bank of Scotland Plc. 
Stamford 
Scotland 
Santander Bank, N.A. 
Newtown 
United States 
Societe Generale 
New York 
France 


 
Standard Chartered Bank 
New York 
United Kingdom 
Svenska Handelsbanken 
New York 
Sweden 
UBS AG 
New York 
Switzerland 
United Overseas Bank Ltd. 
New York 
Singapore 
U.S. Bank National Association 
Milwaukee 
United States 
U.S. Bank National Association 
Minneapolis 
United States 
U.S. Bank National Association 
Portland 
United States 
U.S. Bank National Association 
Seattle 
United States 
U.S. Bank National Association 
St. Louis 
United States 
Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 
Winston Salem 
United States 
Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 
San Francisco 
United States
